---
video_id: f3M3s2e9MKs
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Leaving The Ship, Putting Up Our Christmas Tree With The Boys & Done With The Pacifier! | Home Vlog"
published: 2025-12-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3M3s2e9MKs
---
Good morning. Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. More on that in just a little bit. But right now, we're headed into port and getting ready to get off the ship. Our bags are packed up. We're leaving today. We're done with the Disney Destiny. We have to be at breakfast right now. So, but we finished our packing this morning. We um you know I feel like I didn't I got better sleep the rest of the cruise, but still a good night's sleep last night. Yeah, this was uh such a fun cruise. We did so much. We did a lot on this cruise. I feel like I'm more tired on this cruise than any cruise we've done this year. There's just like so much to do on this ship because it's a new ship. I I think if we had done, you know, the Destiny a few times, I would be less tired cuz I would know, you know, I would have done everything. But yeah, we were we were running around. We did so much. And we didn't even do it all. I did the majority of it on the preview cruise, right? Yeah. Which is wild. Yeah, there's definitely a lot of activities, a lot of characters, a lot of like of the story elements. Um, it was great. I had so much fun. We ran into so many friends. We met so many of you guys. Our fish extender was full every day. Right. This was just like a really I don't know. It was a really great time. Yeah. Yeah. We got one more ship left. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we have one more to finish our New Year's resolution and then we've done all the ships this year. Yeah. But for right now, we're going to head down to Worlds of Marvel for our breakfast, right? And then we're going to make the long trip home. Okay. I got to drive home. Not looking forward to the long drive, but everything else was amazing. Yeah. All right, let's do it. Let's head down there. Breakfast at Worlds of Marvel. You ready? What are you going to get, Jackson? Ice cream for breakfast. What? My goodness. Look at them. They're having a dance party on the deck. Here's my breakfast. I got a ham and cheese omelette. I also got some like toast, some fruit. Jackson got French toast. Something that's interesting though is that my sister doesn't eat pork and we were asking for the for the omelets and she said, you know, can I just get a plain one? And he said, oh, we don't have any plain. Even there's plain on the menu, which I think is just cheese. He said, um, the Denver omelette is is veggie, but anywhere else you go, the Denver omelette is pork, like ham and bell peppers, but here on the Disney cruise, it's a veggie omelette. It's peppers, onions, tomatoes, and mushrooms, and spinach. So, isn't that interesting? Yeah, we didn't I've never I never knew that. So, there you go. Learned something today. Oh, no. The Haunted Mansion parlor is closed. It's a dead end. All right, we're in line to get off the ship now. I will say getting off was a little confusing. Yeah, there was like because people were getting into breakfast at 1923 and then there was another line that I didn't really know what it was for, but this is what we know. I don't think anybody knew. So, we're doing this. We know that this is the direction that we normally head to get off the ship. We head towards the Walt Disney Theater and then we loop around and head back towards the gang way. So, look, this is the line now. We made it to the front here and we're getting off. Basically, we just got to show them our keys to the world and that's how we get off or your Magic Bands. If your whole family has Magic Bands or Disney bands, that's fine. You can use those, too. But we've got Not everybody has Disney bands. So, we've got our cards. See you later, Disney Destiny. It's been real fun. Cost us $80 for parking. Hello. Welcome back. I don't know why that elevator opened again. I feel like um debarcation or disembarkcation, however you say it, is a little easier in Port Canaveral. I think so. Right. So, we stopped at a charger to charge the car. Says it's only needs about 15 minutes. We're going to go inside, use the bathroom, get some lunch. It's about 11:00 a.m. And we will then hop back in and start driving again. I don't know if I said it, but we stopped at a service station just on the side of the road. So, just like a little rest stop that is in the center of the highway that you can come to. It's got some restaurants in it. It's got bathrooms in it. We can get an Auntie Anne's pretzel chicken kitchen. That's what I'd like to have. But also, we could have a roll of sandwich. I feel like we ate here last time. We were in a place like this before. You're a scuba diver. Florida treasures. There you are. Wow, what a cool photo op. Speaking of photo ops, before we head home, let's have a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. Aura frames are a digital picture frame that allows you to share photos to the frame from anywhere in the world as long as you have an internet connection. You know, the holidays are right around the corner and I've given some bad gifts in my lifetime, but thanks to Aura Frames, I know the perfect gift to give for any occasion. All you have to do is after you purchase the frame, you can load it with a gift message and as many photos as you want. Then all that they have to do is open it up, plug it in, connect it to their Wi-Fi, and then boom, they're surprised with a fully loaded digital picture frame. Oh, another thing you can do is you can use the app to set up a gift code and have the frame shipped directly to them. Then when they get it, all they have to do is open it up, plug it in, and connect to Wi-Fi and enter in the gift code. And then all the photos you picked will show up directly out of the box. And you never have to worry about how many photos that you use, thanks to Aura's unlimited storage and no subscription fees. This holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday exclusive, the stone collection. The stone collection is made to stand out with premium materials and organic textures that are designed to naturally complement your home. We decided to put this frame in our kitchen as the textures naturally complement our countertops and our natural stone backsplash. So, if you're interested in upping your gift giving this season, be sure to check out Aura Frames. The stone collection is only back for this holiday season. So, if you guys are interested in checking out Aura Frames for yourself, visit auraframes.com and you'll get $55 off their limited edition stone collection frame by using the promo code tracker. That's auraf frames.com. Promo code tracker. This deal is exclusive to you guys and frames do sell out, so be sure to order yours now in order to get it in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions do apply. Wanted to say thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's video. And now, back to the video. Good morning and happy we'll just say happy weekend because we did film today's Sunday, but we did film some things yesterday, but it was definitely not enough for a full vlog because we were just kind of running around like crazy trying to get stuff done for the holidays, trying to get stuff done for the upcoming week, trying to get stuff done for Christmas break, you know, just all of the things. So, um, we we did just get back from the cruise about a week ago. And was it more than a week ago? Might have been more than a week ago. I want to show you the things that we bought in this video. So, this is going to be kind of like the continuation of our debarcation day, which you just saw. And or debarking day. Debbarcation. What is it? Cuz somebody once told me I was saying it wrong and I didn't know that I was saying it wrong. So, is it Are you debarking the ship? But it's debarcation day. Is that what it is? Let me know. Um, I'm currently running around like crazy trying to get the house cleaned up. Tim took the boys to the grocery store and it's just hard to get any tidying done while they're both here because it's funny. It's kind of like we have this robot vacuum and it kind of does the same thing. But anytime I'm anywhere, they want to be right there doing the thing that I'm doing, which I love. I love that, you know, that they want to be constantly doing things with with us and with me. And that's so great. But when I'm cleaning, I'd rather them not want to play with the thing that I'm cleaning up, you know? And so we have this robot vacuum and anytime Tim turns it on, cuz he'll turn it on and then go get ready for bed, and I'm usually like finishing up things like finishing up the dishes or finishing up like tidying or, you know, just finishing up making Jackson's lunch, whatever it is, and it'll immediately go straight to where I am. It's like it has this like a heat sensor or something like it knows where I'm at and it will like want to vacuum right near my feet. I just think it's funny cuz the kids are like the same. So, um yeah. But right now he's at the store. I'm tidying. I just took out the trash. I've got some laundry going. I have to fold some laundry. Still laundry from the trip. So, although we got home from the trip a few almost I guess like a week ago now, um we still haven't done all of the laundry. So, I need to like fold all of that. We did get our tree up. Look at that. Jackson picked out this new like rainbow star. But our tree is so beautiful. I love it so much. I love our ornaments. Maybe we'll go over like our most favorite ornaments tonight after the kids go to bed cuz I'd love to show you the ones that like mean the most to me. I love those videos. Like when people do Vlogmas, Vlogmas is like I don't have time to watch everybody's Vlogmas now, but prekids that was like my favorite thing to do in December was like when my friends, especially my UK friends, when they would do their Vlogmas videos, I love that. I ate that up. I wanted to know every day what was in your advent calendar. What were your favorite ornaments? Like tell me a tell me a festive story. My favorite. I loved it. I wish I had more time now to watch all of those, but I do I love those so much. So, maybe we'll tell you our favorite ornaments and and show you some of those. We have one present under the tree. It's the one that I got for my sister when we were at the mall at Millennia the other day. I'll link that home vlog down below. We put up a little bit of um some decor, not very many decorations, but some decorations like the boys stockings that we made. So, these are from Magic Kingdom and they will embroider them, which I think is so stinking cute. And then Tim and I are just going to share our stocking this year cuz our thing only has three knobs on it. So, also if you have any ideas for stocking stuffers that you want to share in the comments, please do that because I'm having a hard time. I'm really struggling with not buying just like plastic junk that they're going to throw away, you know? Like I I just I I don't I want to get them things that they will use and that are meaningful. I was thinking of maybe like some cozy socks. Maybe they do love bubbles, so I might get them both like some bubble, you know, a couple of bubble things. I don't want to get too much candy because I don't like the idea of them just having a ton of candy. But it is the season though, so I guess, you know, I'll put some candy. But I don't know. Do you have any ideas along the lines of like the cozy socks? They have way too many Hot Wheels. Maybe like a pack of Pokémon cards. I know some of you guys were kind of recommending like if he loves if Jackson loves Pokémon, which now in turn Oliver loves Pokémon. So, if maybe we'll put some cards in there. And um they haven't really gotten into the card part of it yet, but I might maybe I'll put some of those in there. I was thinking of maybe some new figurines for their Pokeballs that they have. They they have they they've been sharing this, but it's like a belt that you wear and you put your Pokeball and you've got your figurines inside of your Pokemon, your like little buddies, and then you can like battle each other basically um with your your Pokemons and your ball. So maybe that. But let me know if you have any ideas, too. I want to get Jackson a new water bottle for school. Just stuff like that. Anyway, that's what we've been doing today. Um, but I am going to run upstairs really quick and fold a little bit of laundry. Sorry. I know you guys sometimes don't like it when I walk around and vlog, but uh I have to. I can't stand still, so I got to walk. But I will put up the little bit of video that we did take doing the tree and stuff yesterday. We just kind of we didn't vlog a lot of it. It was more just kind of like us hanging out with the boys and and and doing that. But um we did take a couple of videos. So I'm going to put our Saturday videos in right now and then I'm going to fold a little bit of laundry and I'll be right back. It's officially December and so that means it's time for us to put up our Christmas tree. We've got we have a fake one that we've had for years now and we're getting it out right now and we're getting ready to start putting it together. All right. So we've already started with the base here. And I have to like fluff out all the branches. And Oliver is getting ready with the next section. And Jackson is playing the harmonica with us. We have our Christmas tree. You have to put the Christmas tree. And you're helping, right? Thank you for helping. It looks a little wonky on that one. So have to fluff it. Yeah, we definitely got to fluff it out. All the way on the top. Oh, you got a step stool. I got my step stool. Okay. So, wait. Are you going to fluff it like the pull the branches down a little? Do this part right here. You see this big hole? You want me to help you? There you go. Look at that. Me and knock down everything. You did it. Do it. You want me to help you? Mom, I'm going to help. You are helping. Bring it right here to my hand. You want the step stool? Thank you. See, I wanted to use the the fake tree because I thought it would create less of a mess than a real tree. But because our tree is so old, it's losing, I feel like, like just as many bristles as a a live tree would. You can only do this. I know. Yeah. I got to be able to reach the very tippy top here. Oliver's down there, too. You need my help, bud? No, we need to put the star also. I know. I got to figure out what what I'm supposed to do here with the top. Oh, is it broken? It's not broken. It's like normally there'd be like one branch that kind of sticks up like that. But we have to put the star on and there's like a pole here in the center that the star will clip onto. Oh, are you going to plug it in, bud? Okay. Jackson has a big job this holiday season. Oh. Well, what happened? There's that. Is this the new one? This is the newer one. Yeah. What? What happened? There's another one. Oh, no. There's a lot of lights that are not lit, bud. Uh-oh. Oh, no. Are you raising your hand? Do you have a question? Oh, I can't reach. Oh, you're just trying to reach. Okay. Yeah, I can't reach it either, buddy. Um, well, I mean, we are going to put other lights on it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, but Oh, no. No. I think maybe like that and we can look but put them both up. See what happens. Let's have two trees next to each other. Put them together. My favorite parts is the ornament. Figure out the lights. Yeah, we got to do the lights and then the ornaments, buddy. But we will do that. All right. We've got the tree going up now. We've got two uh ornaments on there. One of which Oliver has just gently placed on the tree branches. And Jackson actually put his on there. Let's see how you do it, Oliver. There we go. It's perfect. You know, I have a video of you, Jackson, when you were his age, and I said, "Will you put this on the tree?" And you just threw it at the tree. You just went You just threw it. All right. So, it's later on. We Did you show them the tree at all? Uh, yeah. I showed them us kind of decorating a little bit, but not like the end. Okay. We'll show you the tree in a second, but tomorrow we have an event and we have to bring a mocktail. So, we are making a uh sangria mocktail, but we're using juices instead of wine, obviously, cuz it's a mocktail. So, this is grape juice. We used just Welch's grape juice. And then we're going to add in this cranberry juice. So, it's like a mixture of juices. So, there's the 100% cranberry juice. It said to muddle some uh some fruits in there. We're going to just juice them cuz we're leaving this overnight. So, I don't want the like rind to get kind of weird in the in the water. But, we are going to add some apple slices. Uh this is pomegranate juice. Oh, they made this weird the whole thing, right? Oh gosh. Oh gosh. Okay. Oh my gosh. And then tomorrow when we get to the event, we're going to add in our a little bit of like sparkling water. Um cuz you could also add like a sparkling wine to your sangria or a sparkling water. We're going to do sparkling water because it's a mocktail. And then it also said to add a little bit of orange juice. So we're going to add that as well. How much orange juice are we adding? I forgot to look that up. It's like 30. I've got the the 30 oz. So how much is that? That's like 70. Yeah. So, maybe like a third of this. No, that's not right. You're getting really good at math. I would I would do I know that it's not right, but I would do like about half. Yeah. Okay. Do you think that's going to be good, though? Yeah. Oh, no. Oh, this this thing was a great invention until it doesn't work. What the heck? Who Whose idea was this? This is a lot of orange juice, right? Let's give it a little mixie cuz we also have to add in um the soda water which it called for like 130 oz of soda water. Yeah, that's a lot. Yeah, I think that's going to be too much. Let me Oh, yeah. Adding a little bit more orange juice also bring the color to more of like a vibrant red, too. I have to say I haven't had sangria in I don't even know how long. I don't know how long it's been since I've had sangria. I'm not a sangria girly, so I don't know if this even tastes like sangria, to be honest. You know what? You know what? We just bring it and if people drink it, great. I think you found this. I found three. Number three. Wow. I found it. You did? Number two. I think that's Look at this. I think that's jade. Let me see. Oh, yeah. That's cool. Is that Jade? Let's look over here. Yeah. Or it could be green adventurine. I think green adventurine might be again. A deeper color. Where did you put black? Oliver still has Oh, let me see. Oliver, this is the obsidian. Yeah, number four. See if you can find number four right there. Okay, right here. It's got to be a really teeny gem. It looks like pull it up. Red granite. Red garnet. Garnet. Wow. Can I see, buddy? Show me. Red jasper. Oo, I think it's like a mountain. It looks like a mountain. I'm reading it upside down. I think it's granite. Is it? Oh, yeah. Red granite. I thought you were gonna say garnet. Yeah. Remember that, Jackson? Yeah, they're all gems. Oh, this one's bumpy. Oh. Oh, this looks like your geode. Hold on, Oliver. Let's have a look. It's a geode. Oh, it just says geode. Oh, it is a geode. That's cool. I'm doing another one. Okay. What did Jackson just do? This is the last one for this morning cuz today's the sixth. Well, wait. Should maybe you guys do it together? Wait, wait, wait. Let's find number six. Okay, it's over here. Let's see what it is. This one seems like maybe Oh, that's the Jasper. This one's definitely granite. The red Jasper seems like it's more clear. They might both just be red granite. 16. You're a cameraman. So, yeah, I would imagine. Are you showing me? Yeah. Oh, good morning. Come on. I I have a million gems. Oh, wait. Hold on. I dropped one. Wait, Oliver, what do you have in your hand? Oliver put these in the bags. Are they your cutie rock friends? Hey, come back here. Good morning and happy Saturday. And this is mom cooking clipping Oliver's nails. Oo, what do you think? Oh, and this is the Christmas tree. It's a great day for putting ornaments on the Christmas tree. All right, we're about halfway through the day and I think we have all of our ornaments on our tree. We let the kids do the decorating in the lower half. So, you can see a lot of the ornaments are very close together. Very cool. I like the ones that they did. Like this is one that Jackson made a while ago. These are also Jackson. We got enough to make We should do these with Oliver cuz it's just fingerprint stuff. All right, back at the mall at Millennia. They say that they're going to they have my part at the Apple store. Just what I don't understand. The mall says it opens at 11:00. It's 10:00 now. The Apple tour store said they were open at 10:00. So, we're going to try to go in. We made it. We're inside the mall. There was like a big line at the Swatch store. Like Swatch watches. I wonder why. What's What's happening with Swatch these days? Okay, so I dropped my phone off. They said it'll be ready around 11:35. It's about 10:13 right now. Here's the thing, though, is they said, "Did you back everything up to the iCloud?" I said, "I don't have enough space on my iCloud. I don't want to pay for iCloud cuz it's like a two terbte phone. It's huge. There's so much stuff on it." And they're like, "Okay, there is a way to do a temporary backup. Do you want it'll just take a really long time?" And I said, "No, because I I don't have time to wait today for you guys for my phone to back up before I hand it into you guys." And they said, "Well, you're going to have to sign something saying that like if we lose everything, that's the way it is." And I don't think they're going to lose everything because they're just replacing the screen. But like, why didn't they tell me that 2 days ago? Like you're killing me, Apple. You're killing me. It's just like I wish that they had said like, "Oh, do this so you have a temporary backup just in case two days ago." Cuz when I did the transfer of the phone took 17 hours. Like it take a long time. So I know that I don't have time to do that cuz I need to get my phone back. So I just dropped it off and said it's just the screen. It should be fine. Here's hoping that it is. All right, we're back. Moment of truth. Let's see what happened. All right, we did it. We got my phone back. Totally fine. Nothing wrong with it. It's got a new screen on it. Cost me $379. But Apple Care, if I got that originally, if I bought it when I got the phone, would have been $20 a month. And then each incident would have been $30 to replace the screen. So, if I keep the phone for 2 years, that's more than $380. But they just offered me Apple Care for $13 a month or $139 or $139 a year. So, I don't know. I need to do the math on it. They said that it'll still be available like I it'll pop up on my phone saying like, "Oh, you can do this now cuz it got repaired." So, I don't know. Do you guys use Apple Care? You think it's a good investment? What do you think? Like, I don't know if I'm going to crack the phone again. I You never know. I didn't crack any of my other phones. I cracked my old phone's back glass, but I've never cracked a front glass before. And I think that it's solely because I'm using an Apple case now on it as opposed to like an Otterbox, which is what I used to use on my other phones. So, I might switch to an Otterbox. But, I do really like this case. It's like the the the woven blue one. I don't know. Just talking it out with you guys. All right, I'm back from the mall. Phone is 100% fixed. It's looking good. It's working correctly. Um, I think I'm going to keep the case just cuz I like the case, but I'm going to try to use the PopSocket type thing more so that I have like a more secure grip on my phone. I still haven't quite figured out the math on the Apple Care yet. I feel like you very rarely drop your phone or I guess the kids drop the phone a lot, but it it rarely breaks, right? So, I feel like that it's the case. So, if you keep the case, maybe we should do the Apple Care. Okay. In that case, it would be cheaper for me to get a new case. Oh, would it? Yeah. Oh, okay. So, I'll just get an Otter box. I think it's fine. Christmas is right around the corner. Oh, it is. I'll ask Santa. Um, speaking of things that you get for gifts, we I wanted to show you guys a haul. U, I guess those would be gifts to ourselves. But, we got some stuff on the cruise and we wanted to show you like our little haul of stuff. I also wanted to show you. Some people were saying, "Why didn't you show us the gift that you got for your birthday?" I don't know. I don't know why I didn't show you guys. We were like in the middle of trying to show you the stuff from the Destiny, like the stuff that they left on our bed, but also I was opening the gift in the background. So, I want to show you. My sister is the one who got me the gift. So, let me show you that first. Okay. So, she got me I love taking notes and I love little like journalally type things. So, she got me this little notebook, which I love. It came with like a fancy pen. She got me these hair clips. I took one off already. There was a green one. Um, these are awesome because they're like kind of rubbery and my hair is very uh like fine, so it doesn't these don't usually hold onto my hair. But because these have like this little rubbery kind of coating on them. These are awesome. And then she got me one of those sponge gel sponges. It came in a nice box, but I opened it so it's not in the box, but it's French lavender scented. So that's the gift that my sister gave me. Oh, and she got me like a nice card and the boys um drew me cards as well. So, that was really awesome. I really appreciated that that she took up some room in her luggage to bring me a gift. I thought that was really sweet. But I also wanted to show you the stuff that we bought on the cruise cuz we did get some like Destiny specific things. We got some holiday things. So, a lot of t-shirts. We got a photo frame, which we need to figure out our photo frames cuz we have so many from our trips, but we have never put them up. We put up a few, but they're all kind of like the same for the same like 4x6 photo. And I think that's where I'm drawing like I'm getting a little bit of a creative block of like where to put them. So, I was thinking maybe we would do like one of those frame like shelves that has like the little lip in the front. So, you just put the frames ac everything is themed to like heroes and so Mickey and Minnie are in their like hero outfit. So, that was really cute. We also got matching family holiday shirts, like cru cruise line holiday shirts. So, I think we're going to wear these on our next our next cruise that we have. Our final cruise for 2025, so that we can finally cruise on all the ships in 2025 is going to be a a merry a very merry time cruise. So, we thought if we all wore our matching ones on the ship, that would be super cute. Yeah, it'll be fun, too, cuz we'll show up wearing the Christmas shirts for a Christmas cruise, and they'll be like, "Wait, how did you get these already?" But there's there's that. So, we all we each got one. And then we also got on Lookout the Goofy like Lookout shirt, you know, the one on Lookout Key. Yeah, I've been collecting these. So, I've got Mickey, I've got Donald, and now we have Goofy. I really like the Pluto one, but I feel like um I just like the green of the Goofy a little bit better. So, you got a matching green one? Yeah, I I I think I I wore it on the ship. Yeah, I wore it on the ship. So, and then we did get our Destiny Maiden Voyage merch. So, we got this blue shirt. It's so soft. So, yeah, there you I really like the design. It says Maiden Voyage 2025 Disney Destiny. It's got the ship Captain Mickey. I like this like uh style that they drew him in, but it's very just super soft. And then Tim got one as well. And I got this Disney Cruise Line tie-dye shirt. I don't know. I just thought it was cute. I really like it. And that was Oh, and the photo frame. So, we bought We I realized we've never purchased a Lookout Key photo frame. So, we got one. So, there it is. I like it, too. Yeah, we definitely We're going to do this. We're going to get this shelf and we're going to put up all these photos. I think we should put it over there. Yeah. like just on the like where we moved our new chairs. I think we have this like huge blank wall and I just think maybe that would be like a cool place to put them. I agree. All of our little family photos, but they're all for 4x6 photos, so we need to print them out. Yeah, that's the other thing is that everything's digital, so we never print our photos out. We need to do that, right? So, I think that's Yeah, that'll be like one of our 2026 projects is putting up that that shelf. I like it. But all in all, it was a fantastic cruise. We um like I said in the like previous clips in this vlog, but we did so much. We explored the ship. We met the characters. We saw the shows. We we met so many of you guys. We hung out with our friends. We did a lot of trivia. Ate delicious food. Um I would like to go back on the Destiny and see the Lion King, like experience the Lion King dinner again. That was my only thing that I was kind of like disappointed. I was so excited for that dinner and then we weren't really fully able to enjoy it. So, I would love to go back one day in the future and and do it again. Yeah, I think that's my only Yeah, but every I mean, we had a great time. I hope the Destiny makes a little stop in Port Canaveral one time. They they like switch around. So, I feel like at some point it will be docking in Port Canaveral, but you know, maybe one day we'll try the train. Oh, yeah. That's something that we have been looking more into. It's just the the parking, the train tickets, and then um getting to the port was going to cost us like an additional thousand dollars. So, we opted to drive. Yeah. So, driving was just a little bit cheaper for us. It was uh closer to like $100. Closer to 200. Yeah. 200. Okay. So, I'd much rather pay 200 than pay a,000. But um who knows? Maybe they'll have a train ticket sale one day. Yeah, they do that. They had one on Black Friday, but we don't have any Yeah, we don't have any cruises booked, so I couldn't buy a train ticket to something down there. It was only on Black Friday. Yeah. Like you had to use your ticket on Black Friday. No, no, you had to buy it on Black Friday and then use it when whenever you're traveling. Oh, okay. But like I didn't I don't know when we were going to travel. Yeah. H Okay. Well, there there is Blue and Bingo coming to the Dream next year, which is exciting. The kids are kind of like Jackson's a little bit like aged out of Blueie. He likes more like the Spidey and his Amazing Spider friends and PJ Masks and stuff like that. So, he's not as excited about Blueie. Oliver is, but he also loves the stuff that Jackson loves. So, he's been less inclined to like choose to watch Blueie cuz he wants to watch what Jackson wants to watch. But, um I think that seeing them they would enjoy it. Like I think going on a Bluey cruise they would enjoy. And I the thing that I'm most interested in is there's going to be Blue and Bingo meet and greets, but then there's also they're partic participating in who's behind the curtain. Oh, and I feel like people will know that Blue and Bingo are going to be on the cruise, but I feel like not everybody's going to pick Blue and Bingo for who's behind the curtain. So, it'll be fun to like see what the questions are that the kids ask. Oh, yeah. I want to make So, another thing that we were kind of working on with this cruise, too, is that Oliver is sort of he's kind of like progressing out of his naps. I don't know if this is like just a phase we're going through or if he is not going to be napping anymore. We're really really trying to keep him on his nap schedule, but he I think we're realizing that he's maybe not napping. So, the next cruise that we do or if we do this Bluey cruise, I'll be excited for him to be more involved in the afternoon in those cuz a lot of those things happen like right in the middle of the afternoon. So, I think that'll be cool to see him like get to do those things. Yeah. Um, we also, uh, this is just a side note, nothing to do with the cruise, but we are all done with our Pippy. Oh, yeah. A pacifier. So, we call we call the pacifier Pippy, but Oliver is no longer using a Pippy anymore. It uh it was a harrowing couple of days, but it was kind of surprising how quickly he like moved away from it. I thought for sure like he has woken up in the middle of the night asking for it those couple of days but it didn't take long for him to fall back asleep. But I think this is also why he might be coming out of his nap schedule because he doesn't have his pippy so it's like harder for him to nap during the day without it. I we got to figure that out. But but he's not using his Pippy anymore. So, we're very proud of him and I think we really just had to tell him, you know, you're you're going to be brave and like not use your pippy tonight and you're you're such a big boy. We're so proud of you. And he really I think that that kind of motivated him to really believe in himself, you know, like I am a big boy and I I don't need it. And yeah, so that's what we did. Yeah. It was rough for a couple of days, but we're like fully out of it now. Yeah. He hasn't asked for it. Like, so that's I'm very I'm proud of him and I'm proud of us. Me, too. Uh I'm also I feel like some people do that thing where they like bury the pippy. They're like, "It's all gone now. We're burying it." Well, he just chewed through his. I feel like he would go out there and dig it up. He Let's go. He probably would. He loves that thing. Or he did. He loved it. He's He has an as for it. Past tense. But he because he's like, you know, has all of his teeth and stuff. He used it more of like a chewing thing, right? Which is dangerous because if he chews it and pieces come off, he can choke on it. Which is what I told him. I was like, "Buddy, when you chew through it, it's done because I don't want you to choke on it. It's a choking hazard." So, he's like, "Okay, I won't chew on it anymore." But he he just can't not chew on it. So, yeah. So, that's kind of how we had to sort of trans transition out of it was like, "Okay, once you chew through this last one, that's it. This is the only one." And I said, you know, so you're going to have to be brave and sleep without your pippy and be a big buddy. And he if it it worked. So he did. He chewed through it and then we worked through it. So yeah. Yeah. Proud of him. Good job. Yeah, he did great. Uh but this cruise was amazing and we all had a great time and we are like 99% done with our New Year's resolution of sailing on all the ships. So stay tuned for the final cruise of 2025. And that doesn't mean that we won't cruise ever again. I just think we're gonna do way less cruises next year. I'm gonna slow it down a little bit. A lot of it. But but I did have a great time on every cruise that we did. So yeah. So all in all, it was a fantastic week, month. It's been good. So with that being said, we are off. We'll see you guys tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
