---
video_id: LYsrYm7DpVs
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Remembering Adam."
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYsrYm7DpVs
---
So, So, So, we have been taking a little bit of a we have been taking a little bit of a we have been taking a little bit of a break from uploading YouTube videos. And break from uploading YouTube videos. And break from uploading YouTube videos. And I'm sure a lot of you guys already know I'm sure a lot of you guys already know I'm sure a lot of you guys already know why, but I'm sure that there are a few why, but I'm sure that there are a few why, but I'm sure that there are a few of you guys out there that might not of you guys out there that might not of you guys out there that might not know. But on December 22nd, um, close know. But on December 22nd, um, close know. But on December 22nd, um, close friend of ours, Adam the Woo, did pass friend of ours, Adam the Woo, did pass friend of ours, Adam the Woo, did pass away. And so away. And so away. And so we have just kind of been taking a we have just kind of been taking a we have just kind of been taking a little bit of a break to little bit of a break to little bit of a break to kind of like take some time and process kind of like take some time and process kind of like take some time and process it. And it's been it's been hard. It's it. And it's been it's been hard. It's it. And it's been it's been hard. It's been a hard week cuz we had Christmas been a hard week cuz we had Christmas been a hard week cuz we had Christmas and everything like that. And we were and everything like that. And we were and everything like that. And we were trying to trying to trying to kind of keep it as normal as we could kind of keep it as normal as we could kind of keep it as normal as we could for the kids. And that's hard to do. for the kids. And that's hard to do. for the kids. And that's hard to do. It's something that's not easy to do It's something that's not easy to do It's something that's not easy to do when when when somebody who was somebody who was somebody who was he he meant a lot to me. He was probably he he meant a lot to me. He was probably he he meant a lot to me. He was probably one of the only friends that I've ever one of the only friends that I've ever one of the only friends that I've ever had that I could like had that I could like had that I could like I probably one of the only friends that I probably one of the only friends that I probably one of the only friends that I had that could that I if they asked me I had that could that I if they asked me I had that could that I if they asked me to if they like called me up and they're to if they like called me up and they're to if they like called me up and they're like do you want to go somewhere? I was like do you want to go somewhere? I was like do you want to go somewhere? I was like I will find a way to get there. like I will find a way to get there. like I will find a way to get there. like no matter what, I was always always like no matter what, I was always always like no matter what, I was always always excited to hang out with Adam. excited to hang out with Adam. excited to hang out with Adam. And And And now now now I won't ever get to do that again. And I won't ever get to do that again. And I won't ever get to do that again. And so so so it's been rough. It's been a rough few it's been rough. It's been a rough few it's been rough. It's been a rough few days or week. Whenever I think about days or week. Whenever I think about days or week. Whenever I think about Adam and the way that he operated and Adam and the way that he operated and Adam and the way that he operated and the way that he went about things is the way that he went about things is the way that he went about things is that that that if he were here and I were to ask him, if he were here and I were to ask him, if he were here and I were to ask him, "Adam, what do I do? What do I do right "Adam, what do I do? What do I do right "Adam, what do I do? What do I do right now?" He would say, "Keep going." you now?" He would say, "Keep going." you now?" He would say, "Keep going." you know, know, know, and so I feel like that's what we sort and so I feel like that's what we sort and so I feel like that's what we sort of have to do and that's what we're of have to do and that's what we're of have to do and that's what we're going to do. going to do. going to do. But we did kind of put together a little But we did kind of put together a little But we did kind of put together a little bit of a tribute to him with some of our bit of a tribute to him with some of our bit of a tribute to him with some of our favorite moments that we had with him favorite moments that we had with him favorite moments that we had with him and some of the moments that were and some of the moments that were and some of the moments that were &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I just I was editing the &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I just I was editing the &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I just I was editing the video and it like we just had so much video and it like we just had so much video and it like we just had so much fun with him. Um, even editing the fun with him. Um, even editing the fun with him. Um, even editing the video, I was just like laughing at all video, I was just like laughing at all video, I was just like laughing at all the We had so much fun. There were times the We had so much fun. There were times the We had so much fun. There were times in the video where I was laughing so in the video where I was laughing so in the video where I was laughing so hard I was crying. And there's even a hard I was crying. And there's even a hard I was crying. And there's even a point in the video where he's like, "Are point in the video where he's like, "Are point in the video where he's like, "Are you okay? You're crying." And like I you okay? You're crying." And like I you okay? You're crying." And like I just we had such a good time with him, just we had such a good time with him, just we had such a good time with him, but he also was like a true like a but he also was like a true like a but he also was like a true like a genuine friend we could have real genuine friend we could have real genuine friend we could have real conversations with. Um, not only could conversations with. Um, not only could conversations with. Um, not only could we have like a really good fun time and we have like a really good fun time and we have like a really good fun time and really laugh, I mean like really laugh, really laugh, I mean like really laugh, really laugh, I mean like really laugh, but we could have like actual but we could have like actual but we could have like actual conversations and it was like a real conversations and it was like a real conversations and it was like a real friendship, friendship, friendship, especially with like what we do. We meet especially with like what we do. We meet especially with like what we do. We meet a lot of people and you know, he was a lot of people and you know, he was a lot of people and you know, he was like a real friend, like a real friend, like a real friend, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And I think that's like what I will miss &gt;&gt; And I think that's like what I will miss &gt;&gt; And I think that's like what I will miss the most. Like he meant a lot to me too. the most. Like he meant a lot to me too. the most. Like he meant a lot to me too. Um, I loved hanging out with him. I I Um, I loved hanging out with him. I I Um, I loved hanging out with him. I I you know, hanging out with you guys you know, hanging out with you guys you know, hanging out with you guys together was always so much fun just together was always so much fun just together was always so much fun just because you guys were so like good because you guys were so like good because you guys were so like good together. Um, the last time that I saw together. Um, the last time that I saw together. Um, the last time that I saw him like personally was at the golf cart him like personally was at the golf cart him like personally was at the golf cart parade at uh, Fort Wilderness when we parade at uh, Fort Wilderness when we parade at uh, Fort Wilderness when we were staying there. he came um and you were staying there. he came um and you were staying there. he came um and you know we all like hung out and watched know we all like hung out and watched know we all like hung out and watched the parade together and I didn't even the parade together and I didn't even the parade together and I didn't even realize it but like we didn't we didn't realize it but like we didn't we didn't realize it but like we didn't we didn't even film even film even film &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; because we were just having like a real &gt;&gt; because we were just having like a real &gt;&gt; because we were just having like a real friendship friendship friendship beyond the camera beyond the camera beyond the camera &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and that's something that um you know I &gt;&gt; and that's something that um you know I &gt;&gt; and that's something that um you know I think that's that's awesome. He was such think that's that's awesome. He was such think that's that's awesome. He was such a great friend, you know, we he wasn't a great friend, you know, we he wasn't a great friend, you know, we he wasn't just a YouTube let's film together just a YouTube let's film together just a YouTube let's film together friend. Like it was real. Um and so friend. Like it was real. Um and so friend. Like it was real. Um and so that's I don't know. It's sad. Like I'll that's I don't know. It's sad. Like I'll that's I don't know. It's sad. Like I'll miss that. And you know miss that. And you know miss that. And you know I don't know. I I feel bad that we I don't know. I I feel bad that we I don't know. I I feel bad that we didn't like tell you guys that we were didn't like tell you guys that we were didn't like tell you guys that we were taking this break, but we really needed taking this break, but we really needed taking this break, but we really needed this time to just like be to feel our this time to just like be to feel our this time to just like be to feel our feelings, you know? like it didn't feel feelings, you know? like it didn't feel feelings, you know? like it didn't feel right to put something up just right to put something up just right to put something up just immediately after it happened because I immediately after it happened because I immediately after it happened because I think we needed time to think we needed time to think we needed time to we just needed time to have, you know, we just needed time to have, you know, we just needed time to have, you know, to to grieve to ourselves. to to grieve to ourselves. to to grieve to ourselves. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um and I'm glad that we did that because we and I'm glad that we did that because we and I'm glad that we did that because we were able to were able to were able to I'm getting this video together. Um we I'm getting this video together. Um we I'm getting this video together. Um we [clears throat] I it was really nice to [clears throat] I it was really nice to [clears throat] I it was really nice to like relive all of those fun times. like relive all of those fun times. like relive all of those fun times. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you know like it it was sad but it &gt;&gt; And you know like it it was sad but it &gt;&gt; And you know like it it was sad but it was also like a really happy was also like a really happy was also like a really happy to to go like relive all of those you to to go like relive all of those you to to go like relive all of those you know those moments. Um, I'm really know those moments. Um, I'm really know those moments. Um, I'm really grateful that we live in an age of the grateful that we live in an age of the grateful that we live in an age of the internet. And I'm really grateful that internet. And I'm really grateful that internet. And I'm really grateful that Adam, Adam, Adam, um, you know, documented almost every um, you know, documented almost every um, you know, documented almost every day of his life. And I'm really grateful day of his life. And I'm really grateful day of his life. And I'm really grateful that we also filmed the times, you know, that we also filmed the times, you know, that we also filmed the times, you know, some of the times that we did hang out some of the times that we did hang out some of the times that we did hang out together. And like, how lucky are we all together. And like, how lucky are we all together. And like, how lucky are we all to live in this age where, you know, to live in this age where, you know, to live in this age where, you know, when we're missing somebody, we can look when we're missing somebody, we can look when we're missing somebody, we can look at those places. You know, for Adam at those places. You know, for Adam at those places. You know, for Adam specifically, we can look at his specifically, we can look at his specifically, we can look at his channel. we can rewatch our favorite channel. we can rewatch our favorite channel. we can rewatch our favorite videos. We can look at his Instagram and videos. We can look at his Instagram and videos. We can look at his Instagram and and see those photos and um you know, I and see those photos and um you know, I and see those photos and um you know, I know a lot of people have put together know a lot of people have put together know a lot of people have put together like playlists and those are things that like playlists and those are things that like playlists and those are things that we can actively do when we're feeling we can actively do when we're feeling we can actively do when we're feeling sad and when we're really missing him sad and when we're really missing him sad and when we're really missing him and I think that's amazing that we live and I think that's amazing that we live and I think that's amazing that we live in this time that we can do that. Yeah. in this time that we can do that. Yeah. in this time that we can do that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, so &gt;&gt; Um, so &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, yeah, yeah, &gt;&gt; it's also &gt;&gt; it's also &gt;&gt; it's also um something that I'm grateful for is um something that I'm grateful for is um something that I'm grateful for is that he was part of some really big that he was part of some really big that he was part of some really big moments in our lives like with our trips moments in our lives like with our trips moments in our lives like with our trips to Disneyland and like being able to to Disneyland and like being able to to Disneyland and like being able to stay with him when we got back from stay with him when we got back from stay with him when we got back from Tokyo. Tokyo. Tokyo. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; and like &gt;&gt; and like &gt;&gt; and like &gt;&gt; we did a lot of really cool things with &gt;&gt; we did a lot of really cool things with &gt;&gt; we did a lot of really cool things with him. Um, you know, like we we traveled him. Um, you know, like we we traveled him. Um, you know, like we we traveled with him. We went to King's Island. We with him. We went to King's Island. We with him. We went to King's Island. We went to the Ark. We like did all of went to the Ark. We like did all of went to the Ark. We like did all of these things that I don't think we would these things that I don't think we would these things that I don't think we would have done on our own. And I think he have done on our own. And I think he have done on our own. And I think he really, you know, kind of inspires really, you know, kind of inspires really, you know, kind of inspires everyone to be more adventurous and more everyone to be more adventurous and more everyone to be more adventurous and more kind of outside of your comfort zone to kind of outside of your comfort zone to kind of outside of your comfort zone to do those things. And I'm I'm really do those things. And I'm I'm really do those things. And I'm I'm really grateful for that. We did we went to grateful for that. We did we went to grateful for that. We did we went to Disneyland for the first time with Adam. Disneyland for the first time with Adam. Disneyland for the first time with Adam. Like, how lucky are we to to be able to Like, how lucky are we to to be able to Like, how lucky are we to to be able to do that with somebody who I mean, he do that with somebody who I mean, he do that with somebody who I mean, he really was like the most amazing tour really was like the most amazing tour really was like the most amazing tour guide. and we had so much fun. Um, you guide. and we had so much fun. Um, you guide. and we had so much fun. Um, you know, and through him we met other fun know, and through him we met other fun know, and through him we met other fun friends on the West Coast and friends on the West Coast and friends on the West Coast and I think just um that's another thing I think just um that's another thing I think just um that's another thing about him that I I think this was really about him that I I think this was really about him that I I think this was really eye opening is so many he had so many eye opening is so many he had so many eye opening is so many he had so many friends. There were so many people, you friends. There were so many people, you friends. There were so many people, you know, I've read everybody's like know, I've read everybody's like know, I've read everybody's like tributes and and all of their posts and tributes and and all of their posts and tributes and and all of their posts and he had so many people that called him he had so many people that called him he had so many people that called him their best friend and like I think their best friend and like I think their best friend and like I think that's just really telling of the kind that's just really telling of the kind that's just really telling of the kind of person that he really was that he had of person that he really was that he had of person that he really was that he had so many people that felt this way. Like so many people that felt this way. Like so many people that felt this way. Like &gt;&gt; I think that's an that's amazing, you &gt;&gt; I think that's an that's amazing, you &gt;&gt; I think that's an that's amazing, you know? Like what a life to live that you know? Like what a life to live that you know? Like what a life to live that you have all these people that love you so have all these people that love you so have all these people that love you so much. And I don't know, he should be much. And I don't know, he should be much. And I don't know, he should be really I I hope he's like looking down really I I hope he's like looking down really I I hope he's like looking down and sees all this love, you know, like and sees all this love, you know, like and sees all this love, you know, like so many people loved him and not even so many people loved him and not even so many people loved him and not even people that had never even met him, people that had never even met him, people that had never even met him, [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] you know, that really really you know, that really really you know, that really really h really really felt this strong h really really felt this strong h really really felt this strong connection with him. And I think that's connection with him. And I think that's connection with him. And I think that's amazing and I hope he knows how amazing amazing and I hope he knows how amazing amazing and I hope he knows how amazing he was. Um, another reason I feel like he was. Um, another reason I feel like he was. Um, another reason I feel like we, you know, waited to make this video we, you know, waited to make this video we, you know, waited to make this video is because I like I don't I didn't want is because I like I don't I didn't want is because I like I don't I didn't want to sit here and like cry the whole to sit here and like cry the whole to sit here and like cry the whole entire time, entire time, entire time, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um, and it's it's hard. It's hard, you &gt;&gt; Um, and it's it's hard. It's hard, you &gt;&gt; Um, and it's it's hard. It's hard, you know? It's like know? It's like know? It's like I don't know. It didn't get easier. Like I don't know. It didn't get easier. Like I don't know. It didn't get easier. Like waiting didn't get easier. It's It's waiting didn't get easier. It's It's waiting didn't get easier. It's It's still like still like still like &gt;&gt; so sad. &gt;&gt; so sad. &gt;&gt; so sad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah. I don't I don't know. I don't so yeah. I don't I don't know. I don't so yeah. I don't I don't know. I don't really know like really know like really know like where to go with this. Um where to go with this. Um where to go with this. Um &gt;&gt; well, &gt;&gt; well, &gt;&gt; well, &gt;&gt; but we just we miss him so much. &gt;&gt; but we just we miss him so much. &gt;&gt; but we just we miss him so much. &gt;&gt; We really do. So, I think that we we &gt;&gt; We really do. So, I think that we we &gt;&gt; We really do. So, I think that we we wanted to end this this video with just wanted to end this this video with just wanted to end this this video with just kind of showing you guys some of the fun kind of showing you guys some of the fun kind of showing you guys some of the fun times that we had with Adam. I put times that we had with Adam. I put times that we had with Adam. I put together um you know just like a short together um you know just like a short together um you know just like a short little video at the end of this of um little video at the end of this of um little video at the end of this of um yeah just some really good memories that yeah just some really good memories that yeah just some really good memories that we had just some like fun laughs and um we had just some like fun laughs and um we had just some like fun laughs and um you know we we really we just really you know we we really we just really you know we we really we just really loved Adam so much and um we want to be loved Adam so much and um we want to be loved Adam so much and um we want to be able to have you know this little able to have you know this little able to have you know this little snippet of our friendship. you know, I snippet of our friendship. you know, I snippet of our friendship. you know, I hope you guys will watch it and um you hope you guys will watch it and um you hope you guys will watch it and um you know, I hope it makes you have like a know, I hope it makes you have like a know, I hope it makes you have like a little moment of happiness and I know a little moment of happiness and I know a little moment of happiness and I know a lot of you guys are are sad as well. You lot of you guys are are sad as well. You lot of you guys are are sad as well. You know, you're you're also grieving um the know, you're you're also grieving um the know, you're you're also grieving um the loss loss loss &gt;&gt; of Adam the Woo. And so, um &gt;&gt; of Adam the Woo. And so, um &gt;&gt; of Adam the Woo. And so, um I don't know. I just hope that um this I don't know. I just hope that um this I don't know. I just hope that um this brings you like a little moment of brings you like a little moment of brings you like a little moment of happiness and um it really made me happy happiness and um it really made me happy happiness and um it really made me happy to edit it and and watch it. So, um, I to edit it and and watch it. So, um, I to edit it and and watch it. So, um, I hope it does the same for you. hope it does the same for you. hope it does the same for you. &gt;&gt; The when you guys get to see the the &gt;&gt; The when you guys get to see the the &gt;&gt; The when you guys get to see the the stuff from Shipley's, the doughnut shop. stuff from Shipley's, the doughnut shop. stuff from Shipley's, the doughnut shop. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's where I was. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's where I was. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's where I was. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I was laughing so hard. &gt;&gt; I was laughing so hard. &gt;&gt; I was laughing so hard. &gt;&gt; It was uh It was so He it was just so &gt;&gt; It was uh It was so He it was just so &gt;&gt; It was uh It was so He it was just so much fun. We had such a good time. much fun. We had such a good time. much fun. We had such a good time. &gt;&gt; We really did. &gt;&gt; We really did. &gt;&gt; We really did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; so please enjoy this little moment of &gt;&gt; so please enjoy this little moment of &gt;&gt; so please enjoy this little moment of Adam. Adam. Adam. &gt;&gt; Welcome everyone. Adam Loo here coming &gt;&gt; Welcome everyone. Adam Loo here coming &gt;&gt; Welcome everyone. Adam Loo here coming to you from Disneyland and I It's the to you from Disneyland and I It's the to you from Disneyland and I It's the historic occasion. I am actually eating historic occasion. I am actually eating historic occasion. I am actually eating with the Gen Tracker and the temp with the Gen Tracker and the temp with the Gen Tracker and the temp tracker. tracker. tracker. &gt;&gt; This is our friend Adam, by the way. &gt;&gt; This is our friend Adam, by the way. &gt;&gt; This is our friend Adam, by the way. [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; He's hanging out. This is like saving &gt;&gt; He's hanging out. This is like saving &gt;&gt; He's hanging out. This is like saving Mr. Bank style. Mr. Bank style. Mr. Bank style. &gt;&gt; She laid her head against it. &gt;&gt; She laid her head against it. &gt;&gt; She laid her head against it. &gt;&gt; Oh no. [screaming] &gt;&gt; He goes, "Do you remember me?" I feel &gt;&gt; He goes, "Do you remember me?" I feel &gt;&gt; He goes, "Do you remember me?" I feel like such a groupy now. I'm like, "Hey, like such a groupy now. I'm like, "Hey, like such a groupy now. I'm like, "Hey, Captain Hook, remember me?" Is like Captain Hook, remember me?" Is like Captain Hook, remember me?" Is like [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; talking about this band. There's a band &gt;&gt; talking about this band. There's a band &gt;&gt; talking about this band. There's a band over there. how good these churros are. over there. how good these churros are. over there. how good these churros are. Oh man, a good churo. Oh man, a good churo. Oh man, a good churo. &gt;&gt; You listen closely. &gt;&gt; You listen closely. &gt;&gt; You listen closely. &gt;&gt; Feel like it's coming from that speaker &gt;&gt; Feel like it's coming from that speaker &gt;&gt; Feel like it's coming from that speaker right there. right there. right there. &gt;&gt; But it's it's supposed to be coming from &gt;&gt; But it's it's supposed to be coming from &gt;&gt; But it's it's supposed to be coming from here. Tim, don't ruin the illusion. This here. Tim, don't ruin the illusion. This here. Tim, don't ruin the illusion. This is where it's coming from. is where it's coming from. is where it's coming from. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; All right. Just Jen and I will do it. Be &gt;&gt; All right. Just Jen and I will do it. Be &gt;&gt; All right. Just Jen and I will do it. Be the phone. the phone. the phone. &gt;&gt; Count of three. &gt;&gt; Count of three. &gt;&gt; Count of three. &gt;&gt; One, two, three. &gt;&gt; One, two, three. &gt;&gt; One, two, three. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Wa. &gt;&gt; Wa. &gt;&gt; Wa. &gt;&gt; Fun. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Fun. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Fun. [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was pretty awesome. &gt;&gt; That was pretty awesome. &gt;&gt; That was pretty awesome. &gt;&gt; Are you deaf now? &gt;&gt; Are you deaf now? &gt;&gt; Are you deaf now? &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; Future reference. That is not a digery. &gt;&gt; Future reference. That is not a digery. &gt;&gt; Future reference. That is not a digery. It's not a digery. So, anyone that It's not a digery. So, anyone that It's not a digery. So, anyone that thinks it was like me would be thinks it was like me would be thinks it was like me would be incorrect. It's not a dig. incorrect. It's not a dig. incorrect. It's not a dig. &gt;&gt; It was a horn. &gt;&gt; It was a horn. &gt;&gt; It was a horn. &gt;&gt; It was a analopee horn. &gt;&gt; It was a analopee horn. &gt;&gt; It was a analopee horn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it's hollow. I don't want to give &gt;&gt; And it's hollow. I don't want to give &gt;&gt; And it's hollow. I don't want to give away any spoilers, but away any spoilers, but away any spoilers, but &gt;&gt; it's an analopee. Spoiler alert. &gt;&gt; it's an analopee. Spoiler alert. &gt;&gt; it's an analopee. Spoiler alert. &gt;&gt; You gave all the spoilers away just now. &gt;&gt; You gave all the spoilers away just now. &gt;&gt; You gave all the spoilers away just now. &gt;&gt; Look at this cool guy. How's it going? I &gt;&gt; Look at this cool guy. How's it going? I &gt;&gt; Look at this cool guy. How's it going? I figured because today is a momentous figured because today is a momentous figured because today is a momentous occasion. occasion. occasion. &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; I wanted to mark the the celebration. &gt;&gt; I wanted to mark the the celebration. &gt;&gt; I wanted to mark the the celebration. &gt;&gt; The celebration of what are we &gt;&gt; The celebration of what are we &gt;&gt; The celebration of what are we celebrating? celebrating? celebrating? &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; it's your first visit. &gt;&gt; it's your first visit. &gt;&gt; it's your first visit. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. It's my first visit 4 days before It's my first visit 4 days before It's my first visit 4 days before Christmas. Christmas. Christmas. &gt;&gt; Your first time ever at the Magic &gt;&gt; Your first time ever at the Magic &gt;&gt; Your first time ever at the Magic Kingdom. Kingdom. Kingdom. &gt;&gt; Everyone's got to say, "Welcome to the &gt;&gt; Everyone's got to say, "Welcome to the &gt;&gt; Everyone's got to say, "Welcome to the Magic Kingdom." Magic Kingdom." Magic Kingdom." &gt;&gt; Yeah, they should, right? And there's a &gt;&gt; Yeah, they should, right? And there's a &gt;&gt; Yeah, they should, right? And there's a photo op here. photo op here. photo op here. &gt;&gt; It's asking the question. It's not &gt;&gt; It's asking the question. It's not &gt;&gt; It's asking the question. It's not giving you It's not saying that it's giving you It's not saying that it's giving you It's not saying that it's you. you. you. &gt;&gt; I know, but I walked over here to ask &gt;&gt; I know, but I walked over here to ask &gt;&gt; I know, but I walked over here to ask the question and I answered. the question and I answered. the question and I answered. &gt;&gt; Oh, who is the sweetest of them all? I &gt;&gt; Oh, who is the sweetest of them all? I &gt;&gt; Oh, who is the sweetest of them all? I think it's asking about the candy, think it's asking about the candy, think it's asking about the candy, though. Who is Ethel? though. Who is Ethel? though. Who is Ethel? &gt;&gt; You're just trying to avoid that. I'm &gt;&gt; You're just trying to avoid that. I'm &gt;&gt; You're just trying to avoid that. I'm the sweetest of them all. the sweetest of them all. the sweetest of them all. &gt;&gt; Who is Ethel? &gt;&gt; Who is Ethel? &gt;&gt; Who is Ethel? &gt;&gt; Ethel Merman. That's an M. &gt;&gt; Ethel Merman. That's an M. &gt;&gt; Ethel Merman. That's an M. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. She had her own she had her &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. She had her own she had her &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. She had her own she had her own candy. own candy. own candy. &gt;&gt; She was on the Andy Griffin show. &gt;&gt; She was on the Andy Griffin show. &gt;&gt; She was on the Andy Griffin show. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but she had anything to do with &gt;&gt; Yeah, but she had anything to do with &gt;&gt; Yeah, but she had anything to do with Mars Mars Mars &gt;&gt; candy bars. &gt;&gt; candy bars. &gt;&gt; candy bars. &gt;&gt; Actually, I don't know who the mermaid &gt;&gt; Actually, I don't know who the mermaid &gt;&gt; Actually, I don't know who the mermaid is. I don't is. I don't is. I don't &gt;&gt; Was she on the Andy Griffith show? &gt;&gt; Was she on the Andy Griffith show? &gt;&gt; Was she on the Andy Griffith show? &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. We got to look this up again. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. We got to look this up again. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. We got to look this up again. &gt;&gt; She was on uh Full House. &gt;&gt; She was on uh Full House. &gt;&gt; She was on uh Full House. &gt;&gt; And you know when I go to a carnival, &gt;&gt; And you know when I go to a carnival, &gt;&gt; And you know when I go to a carnival, there's one person that I like to go there's one person that I like to go there's one person that I like to go with. with. with. &gt;&gt; Jiminy Cricket. &gt;&gt; Jiminy Cricket. &gt;&gt; Jiminy Cricket. &gt;&gt; Jiminy Cricket. Adam the Woo. &gt;&gt; Jiminy Cricket. Adam the Woo. &gt;&gt; Jiminy Cricket. Adam the Woo. &gt;&gt; That's me. Yes, &gt;&gt; That's me. Yes, &gt;&gt; That's me. Yes, &gt;&gt; I know you. Who is that? What's that &gt;&gt; I know you. Who is that? What's that &gt;&gt; I know you. Who is that? What's that character's name? Uh, character's name? Uh, character's name? Uh, it's one of the hitchhiking ghosts. it's one of the hitchhiking ghosts. it's one of the hitchhiking ghosts. &gt;&gt; Who? What's &gt;&gt; Who? What's &gt;&gt; Who? What's &gt;&gt; I don't know what their name is. Is this &gt;&gt; I don't know what their name is. Is this &gt;&gt; I don't know what their name is. Is this &gt;&gt; Gus? That's definitely Gus. &gt;&gt; Gus? That's definitely Gus. &gt;&gt; Gus? That's definitely Gus. &gt;&gt; That's Gus. So, these are the three &gt;&gt; That's Gus. So, these are the three &gt;&gt; That's Gus. So, these are the three hitchhiking ghosts. hitchhiking ghosts. hitchhiking ghosts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gus, Ethel, Murman, and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gus, Ethel, Murman, and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gus, Ethel, Murman, and &gt;&gt; What are their names? I I haven't been &gt;&gt; What are their names? I I haven't been &gt;&gt; What are their names? I I haven't been to Magic Kingdom in so long. to Magic Kingdom in so long. to Magic Kingdom in so long. &gt;&gt; You haven't been to Magic Kingdom? &gt;&gt; You haven't been to Magic Kingdom? &gt;&gt; You haven't been to Magic Kingdom? &gt;&gt; What are the hitchhiking ghost names? &gt;&gt; What are the hitchhiking ghost names? &gt;&gt; What are the hitchhiking ghost names? &gt;&gt; They're uh Ethel. &gt;&gt; They're uh Ethel. &gt;&gt; They're uh Ethel. &gt;&gt; Gus Vanzan. &gt;&gt; Gus Vanzan. &gt;&gt; Gus Vanzan. &gt;&gt; Steven and Gus Vanzan &gt;&gt; Steven and Gus Vanzan &gt;&gt; Steven and Gus Vanzan &gt;&gt; from Skinner. Who did the Who's the &gt;&gt; from Skinner. Who did the Who's the &gt;&gt; from Skinner. Who did the Who's the narrator of a mansion? Who does the uh narrator of a mansion? Who does the uh narrator of a mansion? Who does the uh &gt;&gt; Tony the Tiger? &gt;&gt; Tony the Tiger? &gt;&gt; Tony the Tiger? &gt;&gt; No. Paul Freeze. &gt;&gt; No. Paul Freeze. &gt;&gt; No. Paul Freeze. &gt;&gt; Who does Tony the Tiger? &gt;&gt; Who does Tony the Tiger? &gt;&gt; Who does Tony the Tiger? &gt;&gt; That's uh &gt;&gt; That's uh &gt;&gt; That's uh &gt;&gt; Thor Ravencraft. &gt;&gt; Thor Ravencraft. &gt;&gt; Thor Ravencraft. &gt;&gt; Thor Ravencraftoft. &gt;&gt; Thor Ravencraftoft. &gt;&gt; Thor Ravencraftoft. &gt;&gt; Who's Paul Freeze? What else did he do? &gt;&gt; Who's Paul Freeze? What else did he do? &gt;&gt; Who's Paul Freeze? What else did he do? &gt;&gt; He did the voice, the stretching room. &gt;&gt; He did the voice, the stretching room. &gt;&gt; He did the voice, the stretching room. He did. He did. He did. &gt;&gt; Was he in Full House? &gt;&gt; Was he in Full House? &gt;&gt; Was he in Full House? &gt;&gt; There was a guy walking around with four &gt;&gt; There was a guy walking around with four &gt;&gt; There was a guy walking around with four corn dogs over here. Where did he get corn dogs over here. Where did he get corn dogs over here. Where did he get corn? Oh, from Liberty Tree, maybe. Kind corn? Oh, from Liberty Tree, maybe. Kind corn? Oh, from Liberty Tree, maybe. Kind of far away from there. of far away from there. of far away from there. &gt;&gt; He's just handing them out. &gt;&gt; He's just handing them out. &gt;&gt; He's just handing them out. &gt;&gt; Oh, that would be great. Just handing &gt;&gt; Oh, that would be great. Just handing &gt;&gt; Oh, that would be great. Just handing out corn dogs. I would cancel our out corn dogs. I would cancel our out corn dogs. I would cancel our reservation right now. reservation right now. reservation right now. &gt;&gt; Yes, we are. I thought this was Small &gt;&gt; Yes, we are. I thought this was Small &gt;&gt; Yes, we are. I thought this was Small World. This might be Small World. I feel World. This might be Small World. I feel World. This might be Small World. I feel like Justin's back there, too. like Justin's back there, too. like Justin's back there, too. &gt;&gt; It is a small world after all because &gt;&gt; It is a small world after all because &gt;&gt; It is a small world after all because you guys are from the east coast. I'm you guys are from the east coast. I'm you guys are from the east coast. I'm from the West Coast. And together, it is from the West Coast. And together, it is from the West Coast. And together, it is a small world after all. But this is a small world after all. But this is a small world after all. But this is Space Mountain. Space Mountain. Space Mountain. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Forget what I said then. Just &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Forget what I said then. Just &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Forget what I said then. Just forget it. Scratch that. forget it. Scratch that. forget it. Scratch that. &gt;&gt; All right. Let's ride some Space &gt;&gt; All right. Let's ride some Space &gt;&gt; All right. Let's ride some Space Mountain. Mountain. Mountain. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at your crazy hair. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at your crazy hair. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at your crazy hair. &gt;&gt; I don't think it was a good idea having &gt;&gt; I don't think it was a good idea having &gt;&gt; I don't think it was a good idea having you drag me off. I don't think you you drag me off. I don't think you you drag me off. I don't think you should have this saved. should have this saved. should have this saved. &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; I think this time it's going to work. &gt;&gt; I think this time it's going to work. &gt;&gt; I think this time it's going to work. PUT YOUR MUSTACHE AWAY. PUT YOUR MUSTACHE AWAY. PUT YOUR MUSTACHE AWAY. &gt;&gt; PUT IT AWAY. PUT IT IN THE PUT IT IN THE &gt;&gt; PUT IT AWAY. PUT IT IN THE PUT IT IN THE &gt;&gt; PUT IT AWAY. PUT IT IN THE PUT IT IN THE POUCH. The pouch down below. POUCH. The pouch down below. POUCH. The pouch down below. &gt;&gt; Hands up. &gt;&gt; Hands up. &gt;&gt; Hands up. &gt;&gt; My hands are real. &gt;&gt; My hands are real. &gt;&gt; My hands are real. &gt;&gt; You're going to lose YOUR ARM. &gt;&gt; You're going to lose YOUR ARM. &gt;&gt; You're going to lose YOUR ARM. &gt;&gt; YEAH. HOLD ON TO THAT CAMERA. Look at &gt;&gt; YEAH. HOLD ON TO THAT CAMERA. Look at &gt;&gt; YEAH. HOLD ON TO THAT CAMERA. Look at how tightly ceiling is. how tightly ceiling is. how tightly ceiling is. THAT WAS SO CLOSE. I SAW THAT BAR RIGHT THAT WAS SO CLOSE. I SAW THAT BAR RIGHT THAT WAS SO CLOSE. I SAW THAT BAR RIGHT ABOVE MY HEAD. ABOVE MY HEAD. ABOVE MY HEAD. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; That's as wet as we get, right? No. &gt;&gt; That's as wet as we get, right? No. &gt;&gt; That's as wet as we get, right? No. Time for REAL TIME. I CAN'T TAKE THIS. [screaming] [screaming] [screaming] [screaming] &gt;&gt; Oh man, &gt;&gt; Oh man, &gt;&gt; Oh man, &gt;&gt; I got pretty soaked. &gt;&gt; I got pretty soaked. &gt;&gt; I got pretty soaked. &gt;&gt; All right. [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Are we good? &gt;&gt; Are we good? &gt;&gt; Are we good? &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; It went in my eye and then I couldn't &gt;&gt; It went in my eye and then I couldn't &gt;&gt; It went in my eye and then I couldn't see. see. see. &gt;&gt; It went in my eyes, in my mouth, out my &gt;&gt; It went in my eyes, in my mouth, out my &gt;&gt; It went in my eyes, in my mouth, out my nose. My glue. nose. My glue. nose. My glue. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. That was fun. Whoa. Jeez. Priming. What That was fun. Whoa. Jeez. Priming. What That was fun. Whoa. Jeez. Priming. What the heck? This is amazing. One, two, the heck? This is amazing. One, two, the heck? This is amazing. One, two, THREE. THREE. THREE. &gt;&gt; OH, HEAD START. HEAD START. WOOHOO. WA. &gt;&gt; OH, HEAD START. HEAD START. WOOHOO. WA. &gt;&gt; OH, HEAD START. HEAD START. WOOHOO. WA. &gt;&gt; YEAH. &gt;&gt; Any of you folks are wearing hats or &gt;&gt; Any of you folks are wearing hats or &gt;&gt; Any of you folks are wearing hats or glasses? This red. glasses? This red. glasses? This red. &gt;&gt; I got to hold on to my &gt;&gt; I got to hold on to my &gt;&gt; I got to hold on to my &gt;&gt; We're going the wrong way. &gt;&gt; We're going the wrong way. &gt;&gt; We're going the wrong way. &gt;&gt; WE'RE GOING THIS WAY. WE'RE MOVING. &gt;&gt; WE'RE GOING THIS WAY. WE'RE MOVING. &gt;&gt; WE'RE GOING THIS WAY. WE'RE MOVING. WE'RE GOING. WE'RE GOING. WE'RE GOING. &gt;&gt; OH. OH. OH, I'M GOING. &gt;&gt; OH. OH. OH, I'M GOING. &gt;&gt; OH. OH. OH, I'M GOING. &gt;&gt; OH, YEAH. OH, YEAH. &gt;&gt; SO, you heard it here first, folks. Adam &gt;&gt; SO, you heard it here first, folks. Adam &gt;&gt; SO, you heard it here first, folks. Adam the Woo puts chili on the same level as the Woo puts chili on the same level as the Woo puts chili on the same level as facial hair. It grows on him. facial hair. It grows on him. facial hair. It grows on him. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I do a lot of this. &gt;&gt; You got to get a wee in there. Give me a &gt;&gt; You got to get a wee in there. Give me a &gt;&gt; You got to get a wee in there. Give me a &gt;&gt; Okay, that's very tough. Arms up. Arms &gt;&gt; Okay, that's very tough. Arms up. Arms &gt;&gt; Okay, that's very tough. Arms up. Arms up. up. up. &gt;&gt; What's that arm? What was that arm? We &gt;&gt; What's that arm? What was that arm? We &gt;&gt; What's that arm? What was that arm? We are sitting awfully close to each other are sitting awfully close to each other are sitting awfully close to each other &gt;&gt; because we are on the silly symphony &gt;&gt; because we are on the silly symphony &gt;&gt; because we are on the silly symphony swings. swings. swings. HERE WE GO. HERE WE GO. HERE WE GO. &gt;&gt; HERE WE GO. [screaming] &gt;&gt; HERE WE GO. [screaming] &gt;&gt; HERE WE GO. [screaming] &gt;&gt; We also have a very special guest here &gt;&gt; We also have a very special guest here &gt;&gt; We also have a very special guest here with us. with us. with us. &gt;&gt; Who's here? &gt;&gt; Who's here? &gt;&gt; Who's here? &gt;&gt; Uh I've heard Pluto. &gt;&gt; Uh I've heard Pluto. &gt;&gt; Uh I've heard Pluto. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've heard rumors that &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've heard rumors that &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've heard rumors that &gt;&gt; the guy who played Darth Vader. &gt;&gt; the guy who played Darth Vader. &gt;&gt; the guy who played Darth Vader. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know who that is. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know who that is. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know who that is. &gt;&gt; I don't remember his name. &gt;&gt; I don't remember his name. &gt;&gt; I don't remember his name. &gt;&gt; See Star Wars weekend. &gt;&gt; See Star Wars weekend. &gt;&gt; See Star Wars weekend. &gt;&gt; What about Darth Maul? I feel like &gt;&gt; What about Darth Maul? I feel like &gt;&gt; What about Darth Maul? I feel like you've seen Darth Maul. the guy that you've seen Darth Maul. the guy that you've seen Darth Maul. the guy that plays Darth Maul. plays Darth Maul. plays Darth Maul. &gt;&gt; Ray somewhat. &gt;&gt; Ray somewhat. &gt;&gt; Ray somewhat. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ray &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ray &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ray &gt;&gt; Leota. &gt;&gt; Leota. &gt;&gt; Leota. &gt;&gt; Ray Croc. &gt;&gt; Ray Croc. &gt;&gt; Ray Croc. &gt;&gt; That's the guy that created McDonald. &gt;&gt; That's the guy that created McDonald. &gt;&gt; That's the guy that created McDonald. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; We're We're super super uh Star Wars &gt;&gt; We're We're super super uh Star Wars &gt;&gt; We're We're super super uh Star Wars fans. fans. fans. &gt;&gt; Australia, the country was introduced in &gt;&gt; Australia, the country was introduced in &gt;&gt; Australia, the country was introduced in &gt;&gt; No, just this booth. &gt;&gt; No, just this booth. &gt;&gt; No, just this booth. &gt;&gt; Oh, just the booth &gt;&gt; Oh, just the booth &gt;&gt; Oh, just the booth &gt;&gt; right here. &gt;&gt; right here. &gt;&gt; right here. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Same thing. Do you have a bug on your &gt;&gt; Same thing. Do you have a bug on your &gt;&gt; Same thing. Do you have a bug on your forehead right now? forehead right now? forehead right now? &gt;&gt; You want me to get it? There you go. &gt;&gt; You want me to get it? There you go. &gt;&gt; You want me to get it? There you go. &gt;&gt; Same thing happened today. It looked &gt;&gt; Same thing happened today. It looked &gt;&gt; Same thing happened today. It looked like it was going to rain. like it was going to rain. like it was going to rain. &gt;&gt; Was it a fly? &gt;&gt; Was it a fly? &gt;&gt; Was it a fly? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was like a little net. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was like a little net. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was like a little net. &gt;&gt; You should have left it there. just sit &gt;&gt; You should have left it there. just sit &gt;&gt; You should have left it there. just sit there. You ever see Troll 2? there. You ever see Troll 2? there. You ever see Troll 2? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; When the guy's like when he's like, "Oh, &gt;&gt; When the guy's like when he's like, "Oh, &gt;&gt; When the guy's like when he's like, "Oh, he's going to he's going to eat her." he's going to he's going to eat her." he's going to he's going to eat her." And then he's going to eat me. Oh my And then he's going to eat me. Oh my And then he's going to eat me. Oh my god. You got the fly right on his head. god. You got the fly right on his head. god. You got the fly right on his head. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I was going to reenact that, but then &gt;&gt; I was going to reenact that, but then &gt;&gt; I was going to reenact that, but then you swatted the mat away. you swatted the mat away. you swatted the mat away. &gt;&gt; Have you ever seen Evil Dead 2? &gt;&gt; Have you ever seen Evil Dead 2? &gt;&gt; Have you ever seen Evil Dead 2? &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; What would you say? &gt;&gt; What would you say? &gt;&gt; What would you say? &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; If I said to you, I haven't seen Evil &gt;&gt; If I said to you, I haven't seen Evil &gt;&gt; If I said to you, I haven't seen Evil Dead 2 yet. I think you need to go home Dead 2 yet. I think you need to go home Dead 2 yet. I think you need to go home and watch it. Have you seen Evil Dead and watch it. Have you seen Evil Dead and watch it. Have you seen Evil Dead one? one? one? &gt;&gt; This is a It's a line from High &gt;&gt; This is a It's a line from High &gt;&gt; This is a It's a line from High Fidelity. Fidelity. Fidelity. &gt;&gt; That's a line from High Fidelity. Black &gt;&gt; That's a line from High Fidelity. Black &gt;&gt; That's a line from High Fidelity. Black line. line. line. &gt;&gt; It's a Jack Black line. &gt;&gt; It's a Jack Black line. &gt;&gt; It's a Jack Black line. &gt;&gt; No, that's John Cusack says that to Jack &gt;&gt; No, that's John Cusack says that to Jack &gt;&gt; No, that's John Cusack says that to Jack Black and he's like, "I'd call you a Black and he's like, "I'd call you a Black and he's like, "I'd call you a liar cuz we saw it together and he's liar cuz we saw it together and he's liar cuz we saw it together and he's just trying to catch that one." just trying to catch that one." just trying to catch that one." &gt;&gt; Yeah. You got to see it. Got to see &gt;&gt; Yeah. You got to see it. Got to see &gt;&gt; Yeah. You got to see it. Got to see &gt;&gt; I've seen High Fidelity, but I forgot &gt;&gt; I've seen High Fidelity, but I forgot &gt;&gt; I've seen High Fidelity, but I forgot the line was in there. the line was in there. the line was in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What are you asking me if I've &gt;&gt; Yeah. What are you asking me if I've &gt;&gt; Yeah. What are you asking me if I've seen Evil Dead? I've seen all the Evil seen Evil Dead? I've seen all the Evil seen Evil Dead? I've seen all the Evil Dead. Dead. Dead. &gt;&gt; Cable Guy, Jack Lax IN THAT &gt;&gt; Cable Guy, Jack Lax IN THAT &gt;&gt; Cable Guy, Jack Lax IN THAT &gt;&gt; CABLE GUY. [screaming] &gt;&gt; CABLE GUY. [screaming] &gt;&gt; CABLE GUY. [screaming] &gt;&gt; And he's in Water World. &gt;&gt; And he's in Water World. &gt;&gt; And he's in Water World. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He is in water. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He is in water. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He is in water. &gt;&gt; He's the pilot in Water World. &gt;&gt; He's the pilot in Water World. &gt;&gt; He's the pilot in Water World. &gt;&gt; That's true. which is a show of &gt;&gt; That's true. which is a show of &gt;&gt; That's true. which is a show of Hollywood. Hollywood. Hollywood. &gt;&gt; Well, the contracts are 40 to 50 years &gt;&gt; Well, the contracts are 40 to 50 years &gt;&gt; Well, the contracts are 40 to 50 years depending on where you get them. depending on where you get them. depending on where you get them. &gt;&gt; Instead of buying DBC, I would rather &gt;&gt; Instead of buying DBC, I would rather &gt;&gt; Instead of buying DBC, I would rather just buy a horse. just buy a horse. just buy a horse. &gt;&gt; A horse? &gt;&gt; A horse? &gt;&gt; A horse? &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz Mickey is telling me he's &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz Mickey is telling me he's &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz Mickey is telling me he's saying saying saying &gt;&gt; get a horse, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; If you want a horse, you're not going to &gt;&gt; If you want a horse, you're not going to &gt;&gt; If you want a horse, you're not going to get get get &gt;&gt; DV. This sign is not saying buy DVC. &gt;&gt; DV. This sign is not saying buy DVC. &gt;&gt; DV. This sign is not saying buy DVC. &gt;&gt; Does a horse live 44 years? &gt;&gt; Does a horse live 44 years? &gt;&gt; Does a horse live 44 years? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; DVC does. &gt;&gt; DVC does. &gt;&gt; DVC does. &gt;&gt; Does it? &gt;&gt; Does it? &gt;&gt; Does it? &gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. &gt;&gt; Unless you're one of &gt;&gt; Unless you're one of &gt;&gt; Unless you're one of &gt;&gt; Oh, are you calling Mickey Mouse a liar? &gt;&gt; Oh, are you calling Mickey Mouse a liar? &gt;&gt; Oh, are you calling Mickey Mouse a liar? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Check out all of these &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Check out all of these &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Check out all of these topiaries. You got Bambi, you got topiaries. You got Bambi, you got topiaries. You got Bambi, you got Thumper, you got Flower, you got Adam Thumper, you got Flower, you got Adam Thumper, you got Flower, you got Adam the Woo. That's right, everybody. Adam the Woo. That's right, everybody. Adam the Woo. That's right, everybody. Adam the Woo is here. Oh, he's still a the Woo is here. Oh, he's still a the Woo is here. Oh, he's still a topiary. You're allowed to move now. topiary. You're allowed to move now. topiary. You're allowed to move now. He's been standing here for 10 minutes He's been standing here for 10 minutes He's been standing here for 10 minutes perfectly still pretending to be a perfectly still pretending to be a perfectly still pretending to be a topiary. You were trying to text me and topiary. You were trying to text me and topiary. You were trying to text me and I was going to check my phone, but I I was going to check my phone, but I I was going to check my phone, but I couldn't cuz you told me not to move. couldn't cuz you told me not to move. couldn't cuz you told me not to move. So, I've just been standing there for So, I've just been standing there for So, I've just been standing there for literally like you said 10 minutes. literally like you said 10 minutes. literally like you said 10 minutes. Thanks for showing up, finally. Thanks for showing up, finally. Thanks for showing up, finally. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. You're welcome. Show my &gt;&gt; You're welcome. You're welcome. Show my &gt;&gt; You're welcome. You're welcome. Show my pokey. pokey. pokey. &gt;&gt; And he [laughter] got he got &gt;&gt; And he [laughter] got he got &gt;&gt; And he [laughter] got he got &gt;&gt; I'm doing I'm doing the tuna pokey and &gt;&gt; I'm doing I'm doing the tuna pokey and &gt;&gt; I'm doing I'm doing the tuna pokey and I'm going to turn myself around. That's I'm going to turn myself around. That's I'm going to turn myself around. That's what it's all about. Closest thing ever. what it's all about. Closest thing ever. what it's all about. Closest thing ever. The tuna pokei. [laughter] I don't even The tuna pokei. [laughter] I don't even The tuna pokei. [laughter] I don't even know what this is. know what this is. know what this is. &gt;&gt; This right here is b b b b b b b b b b b &gt;&gt; This right here is b b b b b b b b b b b &gt;&gt; This right here is b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b bas basically onetenth b b b b b b b b b bas basically onetenth b b b b b b b b b bas basically onetenth of my rent for my house. That's of my rent for my house. That's of my rent for my house. That's [laughter] how much this cost. [laughter] how much this cost. [laughter] how much this cost. &gt;&gt; Well, I hope it's got to be good, right? &gt;&gt; Well, I hope it's got to be good, right? &gt;&gt; Well, I hope it's got to be good, right? &gt;&gt; Adam just told us a fun fact. He said &gt;&gt; Adam just told us a fun fact. He said &gt;&gt; Adam just told us a fun fact. He said that The Shining was filmed here in this that The Shining was filmed here in this that The Shining was filmed here in this headl. And if you look, he signed his name on And if you look, he signed his name on And if you look, he signed his name on one of these red bricks. We got to find one of these red bricks. We got to find one of these red bricks. We got to find it. Is this it? it. Is this it? it. Is this it? &gt;&gt; Because it snows so much in central &gt;&gt; Because it snows so much in central &gt;&gt; Because it snows so much in central Florida. Florida. Florida. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's it right there. This This right &gt;&gt; That's it right there. This This right &gt;&gt; That's it right there. This This right here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Danny. Danny. &gt;&gt; Danny. Danny. &gt;&gt; Danny. Danny. &gt;&gt; Who knew? &gt;&gt; Who knew? &gt;&gt; Who knew? &gt;&gt; That's what we got to do now. &gt;&gt; That's what we got to do now. &gt;&gt; That's what we got to do now. &gt;&gt; You ready for it? &gt;&gt; You ready for it? &gt;&gt; You ready for it? &gt;&gt; Yes. More bread. &gt;&gt; Yes. More bread. &gt;&gt; Yes. More bread. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; It's a different kind of bread. &gt;&gt; It's a different kind of bread. &gt;&gt; It's a different kind of bread. &gt;&gt; It's the exact same bread. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's the exact same bread. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's the exact same bread. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I explained a little bit, but it's very &gt;&gt; I explained a little bit, but it's very &gt;&gt; I explained a little bit, but it's very confusing. So, confusing. So, confusing. So, &gt;&gt; it's not confusing. Crunchy. They take a &gt;&gt; it's not confusing. Crunchy. They take a &gt;&gt; it's not confusing. Crunchy. They take a cake donut, crush it up into crumbles. cake donut, crush it up into crumbles. cake donut, crush it up into crumbles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They take those donuts, they put them in &gt;&gt; They take those donuts, they put them in &gt;&gt; They take those donuts, they put them in the oven, bake them up till they're the oven, bake them up till they're the oven, bake them up till they're crispy. crispy. crispy. &gt;&gt; Then they take a glazed donut as soon as &gt;&gt; Then they take a glazed donut as soon as &gt;&gt; Then they take a glazed donut as soon as it's been glazed. it's been glazed. it's been glazed. &gt;&gt; As soon as it's been glazed. &gt;&gt; As soon as it's been glazed. &gt;&gt; As soon as it's been glazed. &gt;&gt; He's trying to take his thumbnail. &gt;&gt; He's trying to take his thumbnail. &gt;&gt; He's trying to take his thumbnail. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I did a quick um &gt;&gt; I did a quick um &gt;&gt; I did a quick um &gt;&gt; I'm actually not using &gt;&gt; I'm actually not using &gt;&gt; I'm actually not using &gt;&gt; That was a good thumbnail. &gt;&gt; That was a good thumbnail. &gt;&gt; That was a good thumbnail. &gt;&gt; That's definitely a glazed donut. &gt;&gt; That's definitely a glazed donut. &gt;&gt; That's definitely a glazed donut. &gt;&gt; That's pretty Oh, I'm dripping on &gt;&gt; That's pretty Oh, I'm dripping on &gt;&gt; That's pretty Oh, I'm dripping on &gt;&gt; That's your only That's your only &gt;&gt; That's your only That's your only &gt;&gt; That's your only That's your only review. [laughter] review. [laughter] review. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is the shape of a donut. You got &gt;&gt; This is the shape of a donut. You got &gt;&gt; This is the shape of a donut. You got way more crumbs than I did. Look at how way more crumbs than I did. Look at how way more crumbs than I did. Look at how many crumbs are in the top of your many crumbs are in the top of your many crumbs are in the top of your doughnut box. doughnut box. doughnut box. &gt;&gt; Dude, look. You're just like eating &gt;&gt; Dude, look. You're just like eating &gt;&gt; Dude, look. You're just like eating right over the the donuts. We have to right over the the donuts. We have to right over the the donuts. We have to still eat. still eat. still eat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's extra flavor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's extra flavor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's extra flavor. &gt;&gt; It's all going to mix together &gt;&gt; It's all going to mix together &gt;&gt; It's all going to mix together in your tum dum. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So many. I mean, we are pretty. &gt;&gt; So many. I mean, we are pretty. &gt;&gt; So many. I mean, we are pretty. &gt;&gt; You okay? Like crying laughing. &gt;&gt; You okay? Like crying laughing. &gt;&gt; You okay? Like crying laughing. &gt;&gt; Wait a second. A filled bar. &gt;&gt; Wait a second. A filled bar. &gt;&gt; Wait a second. A filled bar. cream. Is he okay? He never hit the cream. Is he okay? He never hit the cream. Is he okay? He never hit the knife. knife. knife. &gt;&gt; I'm literally destroying this thing. You &gt;&gt; I'm literally destroying this thing. You &gt;&gt; I'm literally destroying this thing. You cut it, Tim. cut it, Tim. cut it, Tim. &gt;&gt; I'm really MC Hammer Dad out of his family. MC Hammer Dad out of his family. MC Hammer Dad out of his family. &gt;&gt; Go where they want to go. Do what they &gt;&gt; Go where they want to go. Do what they &gt;&gt; Go where they want to go. Do what they want to do. Be like they want to be. want to do. Be like they want to be. want to do. Be like they want to be. &gt;&gt; I have to edit that out because it &gt;&gt; I have to edit that out because it &gt;&gt; I have to edit that out because it sounds just like the song. sounds just like the song. sounds just like the song. &gt;&gt; Oh man. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh man. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh man. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No music in my vlog. &gt;&gt; No music in my vlog. &gt;&gt; No music in my vlog. &gt;&gt; No, I don't do any music in my vlogs. &gt;&gt; No, I don't do any music in my vlogs. &gt;&gt; No, I don't do any music in my vlogs. You ever sing in your vlogs? You ever sing in your vlogs? You ever sing in your vlogs? &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; Why not? You should &gt;&gt; Why not? You should &gt;&gt; Why not? You should &gt;&gt; paranoid. &gt;&gt; paranoid. &gt;&gt; paranoid. &gt;&gt; You're paranoid of what &gt;&gt; You're paranoid of what &gt;&gt; You're paranoid of what &gt;&gt; of singing &gt;&gt; of singing &gt;&gt; of singing &gt;&gt; ghost? YouTube's weird. [laughter] &gt;&gt; ghost? YouTube's weird. [laughter] &gt;&gt; ghost? YouTube's weird. [laughter] You're just not that weird. You're just not that weird. You're just not that weird. &gt;&gt; I recommend that as well. &gt;&gt; I recommend that as well. &gt;&gt; I recommend that as well. &gt;&gt; I would be tempted to buy a dozen of the &gt;&gt; I would be tempted to buy a dozen of the &gt;&gt; I would be tempted to buy a dozen of the falakis I like and just take them home, falakis I like and just take them home, falakis I like and just take them home, microwave them. microwave them. microwave them. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Like freeze them. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Like freeze them. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Like freeze them. &gt;&gt; Put like eat microwave. &gt;&gt; Put like eat microwave. &gt;&gt; Put like eat microwave. &gt;&gt; Totally different appliance. [laughter] I'm sorry. What were you? I'm sorry. What were you? I'm sorry. What were you? &gt;&gt; We should have cosplayed as the other &gt;&gt; We should have cosplayed as the other &gt;&gt; We should have cosplayed as the other characters. characters. characters. &gt;&gt; I know, right? I didn't know. &gt;&gt; I know, right? I didn't know. &gt;&gt; I know, right? I didn't know. &gt;&gt; We got free chicken. &gt;&gt; We got free chicken. &gt;&gt; We got free chicken. &gt;&gt; Maybe &gt;&gt; Maybe &gt;&gt; Maybe there's a hamburger head guy. there's a hamburger head guy. there's a hamburger head guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is great. There's like an ice &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is great. There's like an ice &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is great. There's like an ice cream head guy. Oh no, he's got a cream head guy. Oh no, he's got a cream head guy. Oh no, he's got a backwards hat on. backwards hat on. backwards hat on. &gt;&gt; Spaghetti. You know it's good because I &gt;&gt; Spaghetti. You know it's good because I &gt;&gt; Spaghetti. You know it's good because I can hold it sideways. I fell out on the can hold it sideways. I fell out on the can hold it sideways. I fell out on the table. table. table. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Oh my. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I have to eat it still, right? &gt;&gt; I have to eat it still, right? &gt;&gt; I have to eat it still, right? &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So I have to [laughter] eat it though. This I have to [laughter] eat it though. This I have to [laughter] eat it though. This is This is a dirty table. is This is a dirty table. is This is a dirty table. Germs don't move that fast, Germs don't move that fast, Germs don't move that fast, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; They do. &gt;&gt; They do. &gt;&gt; They do. &gt;&gt; No, they don't. I want to be the guy &gt;&gt; No, they don't. I want to be the guy &gt;&gt; No, they don't. I want to be the guy that wears the hamburger on the head, that wears the hamburger on the head, that wears the hamburger on the head, but really it's just a hat turn. but really it's just a hat turn. but really it's just a hat turn. &gt;&gt; It's a hat. You could wear a hat any &gt;&gt; It's a hat. You could wear a hat any &gt;&gt; It's a hat. You could wear a hat any day. You do it. You can wear one today. day. You do it. You can wear one today. day. You do it. You can wear one today. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; I'm going to do that. Next time I go &gt;&gt; I'm going to do that. Next time I go &gt;&gt; I'm going to do that. Next time I go Joel, I'm going to wear a hat. Joel, I'm going to wear a hat. Joel, I'm going to wear a hat. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm going to wear a hat. They're going &gt;&gt; I'm going to wear a hat. They're going &gt;&gt; I'm going to wear a hat. They're going to think it's a hamburger. to think it's a hamburger. to think it's a hamburger. &gt;&gt; You feel good? &gt;&gt; You feel good? &gt;&gt; You feel good? &gt;&gt; No, I don't feel good. &gt;&gt; No, I don't feel good. &gt;&gt; No, I don't feel good. &gt;&gt; This isn't so bad. &gt;&gt; This isn't so bad. &gt;&gt; This isn't so bad. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes it is. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes it is. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes it is. &gt;&gt; Oh, dear. &gt;&gt; Oh, dear. &gt;&gt; Oh, dear. &gt;&gt; This needs to stop, though. &gt;&gt; This needs to stop, though. &gt;&gt; This needs to stop, though. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can we just like Is there like a &gt;&gt; Okay. Can we just like Is there like a &gt;&gt; Okay. Can we just like Is there like a safe word? safe word? safe word? &gt;&gt; Like pineapples. &gt;&gt; Like pineapples. &gt;&gt; Like pineapples. &gt;&gt; Pineapples. &gt;&gt; Pineapples. &gt;&gt; Pineapples. &gt;&gt; You did it though. I did it. &gt;&gt; You did it though. I did it. &gt;&gt; You did it though. I did it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we made it through together. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we made it through together. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we made it through together. Did it. Am I supposed to high five you? Did it. Am I supposed to high five you? Did it. Am I supposed to high five you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Adam's going to try to throw a quarter. &gt;&gt; Adam's going to try to throw a quarter. &gt;&gt; Adam's going to try to throw a quarter. I'm totally going to get it in that cup I'm totally going to get it in that cup I'm totally going to get it in that cup right there. The goblet right in there. right there. The goblet right in there. right there. The goblet right in there. What if you bounce it off the scale and What if you bounce it off the scale and What if you bounce it off the scale and then into the cup? Either way, as long then into the cup? Either way, as long then into the cup? Either way, as long as it ends up in the cup. That's all I'm as it ends up in the cup. That's all I'm as it ends up in the cup. That's all I'm going for. going for. going for. &gt;&gt; Oh, it went in the cup. &gt;&gt; Oh, it went in the cup. &gt;&gt; Oh, it went in the cup. &gt;&gt; That was awesome. &gt;&gt; That was awesome. &gt;&gt; That was awesome. &gt;&gt; What do you get? &gt;&gt; What do you get? &gt;&gt; What do you get? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Nothing. But it bounced &gt;&gt; I don't know. Nothing. But it bounced &gt;&gt; I don't know. Nothing. But it bounced off the skull's head and into the cup. off the skull's head and into the cup. off the skull's head and into the cup. &gt;&gt; Did you get that? &gt;&gt; Did you get that? &gt;&gt; Did you get that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. right in the cup. It was pretty &gt;&gt; Yeah. right in the cup. It was pretty &gt;&gt; Yeah. right in the cup. It was pretty amazing. [laughter] amazing. [laughter] amazing. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm going to live forever. &gt;&gt; I'm going to live forever. &gt;&gt; I'm going to live forever. &gt;&gt; Or should I say your teacher screams &gt;&gt; Or should I say your teacher screams &gt;&gt; Or should I say your teacher screams sports adventures. &gt;&gt; Skiing buddies. &gt;&gt; Skiing buddies. &gt;&gt; Skiing buddies. &gt;&gt; We're pretty awesome still. Oh, we're &gt;&gt; We're pretty awesome still. Oh, we're &gt;&gt; We're pretty awesome still. Oh, we're going off a cliff. going off a cliff. going off a cliff. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's dangerous. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's dangerous. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's dangerous. &gt;&gt; You're getting pitted, bro. Getting &gt;&gt; You're getting pitted, bro. Getting &gt;&gt; You're getting pitted, bro. Getting pitted. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. &gt;&gt; You hurt your arm. &gt;&gt; You hurt your arm. &gt;&gt; You hurt your arm. &gt;&gt; Oh, dog's going to save my arm. &gt;&gt; Oh, dog's going to save my arm. &gt;&gt; Oh, dog's going to save my arm. &gt;&gt; Well, what's she doing? rearranging her &gt;&gt; Well, what's she doing? rearranging her &gt;&gt; Well, what's she doing? rearranging her arm. arm. arm. &gt;&gt; What? How did How did she get inside my &gt;&gt; What? How did How did she get inside my &gt;&gt; What? How did How did she get inside my arm? arm? arm? &gt;&gt; Yeah. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Or is it? Oh, &gt;&gt; Or is it? Oh, &gt;&gt; Or is it? Oh, &gt;&gt; that's our future together, Tim. I love &gt;&gt; that's our future together, Tim. I love &gt;&gt; that's our future together, Tim. I love it. Now, it's time to pay the price. it. Now, it's time to pay the price. it. Now, it's time to pay the price. &gt;&gt; Did I do it good enough? &gt;&gt; Did I do it good enough? &gt;&gt; Did I do it good enough? &gt;&gt; It was good. &gt;&gt; It was good. &gt;&gt; It was good. &gt;&gt; I feel like I could do it again. &gt;&gt; I feel like I could do it again. &gt;&gt; I feel like I could do it again. &gt;&gt; All right, go again. &gt;&gt; All right, go again. &gt;&gt; All right, go again. &gt;&gt; All right, for that we're off. It was &gt;&gt; All right, for that we're off. It was &gt;&gt; All right, for that we're off. It was pretty all right. Pretty all right day. pretty all right. Pretty all right day. pretty all right. Pretty all right day. &gt;&gt; And now with that, we're off. And with &gt;&gt; And now with that, we're off. And with &gt;&gt; And now with that, we're off. And with that being said, that being said, that being said, &gt;&gt; I noticed you say so a lot. &gt;&gt; I noticed you say so a lot. &gt;&gt; I noticed you say so a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And with that being said, &gt;&gt; Yeah. And with that being said, &gt;&gt; Yeah. And with that being said, &gt;&gt; so and with that being said, we're off. &gt;&gt; so and with that being said, we're off. &gt;&gt; so and with that being said, we're off. &gt;&gt; Now it's time to pay the price. &gt;&gt; Now it's time to pay the price. &gt;&gt; Now it's time to pay the price. &gt;&gt; We'll see you guys tomorrow. &gt;&gt; We'll see you guys tomorrow. &gt;&gt; We'll see you guys tomorrow. &gt;&gt; We'll see you guys. So &gt;&gt; We'll see you guys. So &gt;&gt; We'll see you guys. So &gt;&gt; we'll see you all tomorrow. &gt;&gt; we'll see you all tomorrow. &gt;&gt; we'll see you all tomorrow. &gt;&gt; So now &gt;&gt; So now &gt;&gt; So now &gt;&gt; So with that being said, we'll see you &gt;&gt; So with that being said, we'll see you &gt;&gt; So with that being said, we'll see you guys [music] tomorrow. Now it's time to guys [music] tomorrow. Now it's time to guys [music] tomorrow. Now it's time to pay the price. pay the price. pay the price. &gt;&gt; That was it. Nailed it. Nailed it. Only &gt;&gt; That was it. Nailed it. Nailed it. Only &gt;&gt; That was it. Nailed it. Nailed it. Only no takes. [music] no takes. [music] no takes. [music] That was the first edit all those bad That was the first edit all those bad That was the first edit all those bad parts out. No.
