---
video_id: gSJkj0niz0I
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Destiny Family Cruise Day2! Lookout Cay, Haunted Mansion Interactive Game & Broadway Surprise"
published: 2025-12-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSJkj0niz0I
---
Good morning from Lookout Key. Today's video is sponsored by Ultima Replenisher. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning. Good morning. Welcome to day two of our Disney Destiny cruise. We are currently at Lighthouse Point. How did you sleep? Me? I slept good. Me, too. We're going to get ready for breakfast so that we can go get on the island. You can see I'm already in my bathing suit. I know. I'm ready to go. Where are we going to have breakfast? Come here. Uh Marceline Market. Oh, okay. I couldn't remember the name of it. Let's do it. Oh, we did. We got pixie dusted last night. But we did find out that this was from Ray. Yeah, she texted me and she's like, I put those I put those things on your door. All right. Breakfast at Marceline Market. Carpentry. Got strawberries. Bonapetit. Look at the flowers up ahead. Look. Why are there flowers on the ceiling? Who put those there? They're upside down. I love those red flowers. You love the red flowers. Me, too. Yes, it is. So, we got the boys a plate. They love having waffles and stuff in the morning. Bacon and sausage. And we also got them some watermelon. Right now, I have two ham and Swiss croissants. And you guys know I have an omelette coming. Can I try? Yeah, go ahead. How about it? Look at this. Two beauties right here. Talking about this this bug. Oh, no. You can't see that bug. For a second, it was like really focused on the island. Then you came into view. It was a It's very cinematic. Here's something else that I'm trying to implement in my general being. I get the kids food and I get the kids way too much food and then there's a bunch of food left over and then I get myself food and I eat my food but then the kids food is left over. So what I'm doing is I get myself very little food and then I eat the kids leftovers. I've been doing that for dinner and I've been doing it for breakfast. Like Jackson's done. And look, now I got to eat this. So I get a I get a meal. Look at that. A mini waffle. Mickey. Oh, it's Mickey on the other side. Oh, Mickey on the other side. Oh, no. Because Oh, nice. What about that one? Is that one Minnie on the other side, too? Just pure pure Mickey. Huh? We got a special one, Jackson. Oh, Minnie. So, I was going through the Navigator app trying to see like what kind of things we can do on this cruise. Something that's really interesting about the Destiny is that on all of the ships, they have a baby race called Jack Jack's Diaper Dash. Here on the Disney Destiny, it's called the Little Hero Dash. So, a little bit different, which is strange to me because the Incredibles are on this ship. Like, our room is the Incredibles. Jack is in our room. So, why wouldn't it be called the Jack Jack diaper dash? All right, we're all done with breakfast. Heading down to the island. So, I will say leaving the room to get the kids to the island is always chaos, but once we get there, it's amazing. Brand new ship. They're already washing it, keeping it clean. And we're going to grab a wagon. Do you hear it, Jen? Christmas on Lookout Key. Right down Santa Claus Lane. The most menacing song when he's like, "You better say your prayers cuz Santa's coming." Look out. Feel like they made a horror movie about this. They did. Yeah. Yeah. It was called Santa Claus is coming. Is it? Oh, I don't I think it was called Santa Claus or something. Or it was called Santa Claus called Slay Bells. No, it was called Santa Claus starring Tim Allen. Oh, yeah. More Christmas decorations. Is there a Christmas tree on this island? I didn't even look about I didn't even think about it because this isn't a Christmas cruise because they didn't want to make the inaugural cruises Christmas cruises. So we our theme is inaugural. It's Yeah. rather than Christmas. But the island the island Christmas on the island. There's going to be a Christmas tree on Castaway. Is there one here? I don't know. That's what I said. I didn't even do any research on Christmas on the island. We'll have to look. How' you like to spend Christmas on Lookout Key? Jimmy Buffett singing Jingle Bells. There he is. I love this. There's a Christmas Mickey. Oh, look. They've got some fish inside of the Mickey ears. Part of the Mickey wreath here on the on the pier about halfway. There she is. Disney Destiny in the background. Here it is. How'd you like to spend Christmas on Christmas Island? Jimmy Buffett. Right. It's just all Jimmy Buffett songs. This is great. All right, Disney. I've got it. Okay, this this walk from the ship out to Lookout Key about halfway around Epcot. What do you have at Epcot? Food festivals. Set up some food booths on the on the dock or on the pier. It's perfect. Every time that we come to lookout, we take a picture of the kids in front of this tree. And for a while, it wasn't looking so good. Like you can see up here, not doing so good. But then you can start to see they are starting to get new growth on it. So, I think it's starting to come back. Feeling good about it. Here's the Christmas trees on the island. They've got like some driftwood lobsters, some steel drums, and we got Brad Paisley. All right. Disney's Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. I like their pineapple decorations. Oh, man. It feels good to be Oh, there's a Christmas Lookout Key shirt. I got to get one of those. Yes. Let's go. Look at that. Oh, it's not necessarily from Lookout Key. They don't have the Destiny cooler bags out here. They just have the regular ones. I'm a believer. I saw Santa and now I'm a believer. Before we head on to the tram, let's have a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Ultima Replenisher. Ultima is a daily electrolyte mix. And if you guys have been with us for a while now, you know that we bring these things everywhere. They're super easy to just grab and take along wherever you go. And they help us feel refreshed throughout the day. They're super easy to use as well. You just add Ultima water and stir it up. Only takes a few seconds and they taste so good. This time we went with the Mckini variety pack. It has strawberry margarita and cranberry cosmo flavors. I love the strawberry margarita. It's like a little mini beach vacation every time I take a sip. And ultimate is made with plant-based colors and flavors. It's vegan, non-GMO, gluten-free, soyf free, plus zero sugar, zero calories, and zero carbs. And it's low in sodium. It also includes vitamin C, magnesium, and zinc. All that means you can feel refreshed and ready for anything without having to worry about what's in it. And you can even find it at Target now. Convenient. So the next time you're on a Target run, be sure to check the grocery aisle as well as the health on this section. So if you're interested in trying out Ultima Replenisher for yourself, be sure to click the link in the description down below or use the QR code on the screen. Want to say thank you again to Ultima for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. Arms, feet, and legs inside the tram. And please supervise your children. The gathering tree. Now remind me, were these little like bobbers here always here? Because they all represent the different characters. I feel like I said this before, but it's also Christmas time, so they could be like Christmas ornaments. And over here on the island, they have Christmas trees dedicated to everybody, I think. Right. Right. Oh, I really like these the like woven sea life on this one. the manta rays and the sand dollar and the turtles. These are cool. So, we're kind of next to rush out gush and I've never noticed the sandy like the sand crab here. Sandy the sand crab. This is new. I feel like because this is an like a maiden voyage, a lot of people stayed on the ship to experience the ship cuz there is a lot of open seats out here. Oh, this is cool. I thought it was going to be completely flat. It's not. It is still clear out there, but there's some waves and Jackson will enjoy that. All right, so we found a really good spot. It's underneath a palm tree and we've got the umbrella over here and it's right next to the splash pads right there and there's stairs to the ocean right there. This is perfect if you ask me. A little bit far away from the food which is kind of back there but still. Where where is everybody? I don't know. They're still on the ship I think. I thought for sure because the last time we came we were on the Dream, right? We were on the Dream. Yeah. And the island was full. You could barely find a chair. Now we're on an even bigger ship. Chairs everywhere. How many people can fit on this ship? Pop quiz. I think what? 5,000. 4,000. Oh, 4,000. 4,000. Exact. There's like 38 on this ship, I think. I was thinking of the crew. Yeah. What? Oh, because with the crew, right? Do you The 4,000. Does that include the crew? No, it's guests. Okay. This is passengers. All right. I'm getting That's not crew, right? This is passengers. Yes. I'm getting in the water right now. Me, too. Let's get Oliver swimmies. I forgot my phone's still in my pocket. Can't go swimming with that. How does it feel? Freezing. Freezing. Uh-oh. What's feel? Woo! Okay. All right. That is freezing. You are correct, sir. Let's see what mommy thinks of it. I'm excited to see her reaction. First reaction. Is it cold? I don't know. Is it? Why is it cold? It's winter time. The ocean is cold in the winter. Oh my god. Oh my god. It was confusing you as to what you should do. Look, it goes slow. Oh, and then this one goes fast. You got to jump it. Oh, here comes another one. Yeah, good job. He says, "Nope." What is that? Yeah. Doing good. Doing good. I like mommy's little tiny jumps. You're like, "Yeah." Oh, no. Here comes more. How high can you jump? I'm wearing this one. Wa, that was awesome. I like that he does like this. He goes He goes, "Yeah, look what I can do. Look what I can do." Oh, no. So, although it is chilly and we're not necessarily getting to enjoy the beach like we would on a warmer day, it's still very beautiful. Jackson got all Take it in. Oh, he did. Oh, no. Wa. There are people that are in the ocean like they're fully in and they're I I respect their their determination and dedication. Not for me though. We're out here. I got I'm I'm up to my belly button. I feel like that's pretty a pretty Jackson's like in. He's like I'm swimming. Look at me. I'm going to tell you guys a bit of information about Hawaii. I don't know if it's true for this island, but in Hawaii, in the summer months, the waves are on the south side of the island. In the winter months, the waves are on the north side of the island. I don't know if that's true for this particular island, but both times that we've been here in the fall/inter, there's been waves. When we came on the first one, it was summertime and it was dead flat. So, I'm going to link the video where we came the first time. The water looked It looked like the pool. Yeah, it was a bathtub. What do you see? Oh my gosh. That was it. That was it. Right up your back. Oo, that's where he gets to. I think the funniest thing about Jackson is that every single time we come to the beach, he says, "I don't want to go in the salt water." And then we get in here. And he is absolutely in love. Further. I love it. He's trying to get out there. He's like, "Let's go out to the reef." Let me hold you, bud. Look at how far the yellow can go. That's the furthest you can swim. Black and yellow. That's the furthest you can go out. White is if they see wildlife inside of the white, then they call everybody out. Shut down the beach. We came to the splash pad. And the splash pad water is cold, too. I don't know why the splash pad water is cold, but it's cold. It's like really cold water in here. Okay, here comes mommy. You ready? Huh? Let's see her. There she is. Why were you sitting up? You buddy. You think you think you going too fast for mommy. All right. Bye, buddy. Have fun. All right. Jackson's coming down, I think. There you are. I thought you were going to go down the other slide. I went to go to hit the other slide and then you came down this one. Hi, buddy. Yay. All right. I'm going to go down the slide. Here are the rules. Jackson's just running. Hi, buddy. He loves this splash pad. Oh my goodness. He would stay here all day if I let him. All right, here I go. He got me. He got me. Somebody spilled one of their frozen drinks here. And look, all the Bohemian bees are like, "Yeah, I want this. This is great." They're like a little bit different color than our bees back home. All right, we just finished in the splash pad. Now we're over here at True True Barbecue and we are going to be getting some lunch right now. What are you going to get? Banana. A banana ice cream. All right, so the food on Lookout's not my favorite. So I got a hot dog and a hamburger. Yeah, I there's nothing that I like it better here than on Castway. I like C. We can get like chicken tenders on Castway, right? No, I don't know. I feel like I just like it better. So, I got a hamburger and a hot dog and a cookie. Some French fries. They were very low on the French fries, so I didn't get very many. Catch Oliver chowing down on a raw red onion right now. He loves onions, right? But a raw red onion. I was making a Greek salad one day and he goes, "What's that?" And I said, "It's a it's a red onion." He goes, "I want that." And I said, "You want a red onion?" He said, "Yes." And he ate the entire piece of red onion. Kid loves a little bit of spice. Oliver, what do you got? Vanilla ice cream. Olaf. An Olaf ducky. I have two cones. Also, I want to say on an on a maiden voyage, I feel like they really up the chocolate. Yeah. Like usually the chocolate is not this chocolatey. This is a This one looks like a Dalmatian. Oh, no. It's Olaf. No. Okay. A little Olaf duck. That's from I thought it was a cow at first and she goes, "No, that's Olaf." So, we met the Mly Mloud. and Mloud family and McCoy and McCoy family. I met her when we were getting our ice creams and she said, "Hey, I have some ducks for you guys." So, she gave Oliver, Olaf, and Jackson got Tiger. Oh, Tigger's cool. Yeah. So, thank you guys so much for the ducks. They love the ducks. So, thank you. I just met Jim Cummings. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. There's a cruise ship way out there. Occasionally. Occasionally is every so often. Not Not every time. So, over here at True True Barbecue, I wanted to show off some of the Christmas decorations that are out and about like here. And the ones that I really like, the whole reason that I came back over here to show because out in front of number two here are these like woven turtles that are the coolest things I've ever seen. Look at that. I love that thing. So, each one is different. This one is number three. It's seahorse. Hopefully, you guys can kind of see that. Four is just some fish here. And then number five is just some sand dollars. I got to go see what number one was. I missed number one. Oh, this one's the woven eagle ray. I like that one, too. But I think that my favorite is the turtle. Came over to Disney before we leave cuz I wanted to see this. I don't know that I've seen this before. It's just a long sleeve shirt for Lookout Key. That's nice. I do like that. Oh, I like this hat for the kids. Oh man, it's kind of thick though, isn't it? H. It's a fun hat. I think that's another kid's hat. Maybe it says one size adult, so maybe not. Huh. I got to find what I need to do. What in the world is this little like turtle hat? Kind of want to get like Pluto or Goofy. Kind of liking Pluto a lot. I also haven't seen this shirt before. Oh, it's weird. It's got like a little like split back. Oh, because it's got like a longer back. Lookout Key Spirit jersey. Oh, it's extra. Dang. One time we were on this island and they had merch for the Lookout Key 5K, which has not been mapped out or made official at all, but they had shirts for it and it's not here anymore. Have like a fun dress here. Does it have a matching shirt? It does have a matching shirt. I do like this one. See me chilling. Disney Cruise Line. Look at the destiny out there. sh with the like sparkling waters. Yeah, it looks awesome. It looks beautiful, doesn't it? I don't know if it's coming across the same way that I see it in my eyes, but it's beautiful. Before we get back on the ship, I came up to the front so we could see it. I wanted to see her name. Disney Destiny. All right, we're back on the ship. I think we're going to maybe Oh, look. A little tiny duck right there on top of the fire thing. Jackson, look right here. Look right here. What do you see? What? Tiny duck. That was cool. Yeah, it was very bright. But I think we're going to try to do the Aqua Mouse. We'll see what the line's like here. So, everybody should be on the island. Let's see what the wait time is. Also, I did want to mention, I know there's a lot of stairs on these Wish class, Triton class ships, but they all do have wheelchair lifts. I'm going to go in the pool with Jackson cuz he doesn't want to ride the slide today. And then tomorrow, we'll do it together. Yeah. So, have fun. If they let me do it by myself today. Yeah. I hope they you So, the last time I was here or I was on the Wish and I did my solo cruise, they found somebody to ride with me. So, maybe they'll find somebody to ride with you. Yeah, we'll see. It is a 30-minute wait. Today is Swiss meltdown, so we've already ridden this slide before. So maybe maybe I won't go on it. This isn't anything new. I don't know. So I decided to uh sit down and watch Wish with you guys because I've already done the Swiss one. Maybe tomorrow. The Swiss meltdown is what it's called. So that's the one that's that you've probably seen on the Wish or the Treasure, but maybe tomorrow it'll be the villain one. Did you do the villain one on your cruise? Yeah. Uh okay. So if you haven't seen that video, I'll link it down below. But it was a rider cam, so it was mounted. It wasn't like me. Oh, you didn't show the screens. I do I do have a forward facing POV, but it would be better if I could just do it. You know what's great about a Disney cruise? Sitting in the pool and watching a Disney movie. We just watched 3/4ers of Wish. It's a great movie, by the way. I love it. But look at this. This is a beautiful, beautiful island, isn't it? You can see the Goombbe Cultural Center over there. Like compared to how far we have to go. We take the tram over. You didn't get mint chocolate swirl. You just got pure mint. You didn't want to get mint chocolate. Let me taste a little bit. What? It's No, it's mint. He thinks it's lime. So, there's strawberry vanilla, chocolate vanilla, and there's chocolate swirl and mint. Oh, yeah. They're washing the cruise ship. Look at that. It's like an automatic thing. So, if anybody's still playing Pokémon Go, by the way, there are a ton of Pokemon here at Lookout. Look at them all. Like all in the ocean here. Why are they incubator guy here after the island? I put some stuff in my hair. I don't I'm looking kind of crazy. But we're uh we're going to go down and try to do the ghost hunting now cuz I did charge and update my magic band. Okay. So, we're going right now. Mommy's going to take a shower. I've got the boys. Me and the boys. Are you going to be boys time? Oh yeah. Wait. No. Don't take that with us. I'll let Jackson come back. All right. Here we go. We're going to deck five. You know, there is a deck on the ship called the poop deck. I don't know what it is. Well done. So, there's a Corella's fashion show happening. The inspiration herself. Let's hear it one more time for the Corella Couture Collection. All right, here we go. We're going to play Haunted Mansion Happy Haunt and tap my magic band on there. Oh, it makes like a a laughing noise. Let's see. or her eyes open. Welcome mortals. I am your host. Your ghost host. Some of our more It's starting to get night time. Ghosts have slipped away from the parlor. Ooh. Search out the hiding spots of these happy haunts. Where do we go? Clue number one. Look near the elevators. Okay. Walk past the door. Gaze into the mirror to see what's in store. Okay. Any elevator. Does it tell us where to go? Deck 10 forward. Okay. Let's go. All right. So, she told us to come to here. Spin it in circle. Let's see. Let's get a little bit closer. Oh, there you go. Ooh. I don't know if you guys can see it. Look at that. Do you see that? What's happening in that mirror, Oliver? You've done well, human. We do. That's us. We're humans. I come to a nearby screen to see what you've collected. All right, we got to go back down to deck five and tap our band and see which ghost we got. Oh, we got Poseidon. It seems even of the sea is not immune to the ocean's fury. Oh no, he got electrocuted. Who do you think will be next? Where do we have what's our next clue? At this viewing gallery, a ghostly captain decides to take part. Where does it tell us to go? Deck five mid. Okay. Oh my goodness. Whoa, look at that. You did it. I thought that was like really part of the art. I didn't even second guess. You found a hidden ghost. Quickly now, return to any nearby navigation. I literally thought that was a piece of art cuz that is a piece of art you can buy. I think it's the captain. Oh, look. The siren. You've happened upon the siren. Look for an icy queen riding across a frozen lady. Okay, that's frozen. Deck seven aft. So, let's go back this way. Hit start. This is pretty funny. Jackson, did you notice there's two doors on this elevator? What? So, it's kind of taking us pretty much all over the ship. We're going to deck seven aft right now. Said to look for somebody on a frozen lake. So, I'm guessing that's Elsa, right? Seven. Let's see what we can find. Tell me if you see Elsa anywhere. But I found it. You found it already? Oh no. I think it beeps telling you which way to go. It's saying you're close. Let's see. Do we see Elsa somewhere? It said deck 7. Oh yeah. Wait, wait. Oh, I think you already did it. Oh, so it was like going off when we came out of the elevator cuz there's Elsa on the frozen lake. We were coming out of the elevator and set it off and then we got over here and it was already happening. So you saw that happen in real time. Like we were just walking out of the elevator. He wasn't like waving his hand in circles or anything. We were kind of far away from the portrait and it set it off. So, we didn't get to see the actual effect happen. So, we're gonna head back and and we can't do it a second time. Who is it? Oh, that guy. The mariner. Mariner. The fishing guy. Last case. Oh, I wanted to see this. Okay, it's a hatbox that's down on deck 3 mid. So, as we're running around, we can kind of see the lines around the ship are pretty extensive. Like, this is for the treble making with Carella Deville. Big long line already. All right, Jackson. Right here. You see the hat box? There you go. All right, let's see it right here. Oh, there he is. Summoned among the best I've seen. Oliver's been a little bit afraid of the ghost to a haunted screen. Will. Oh, that box ghost. Well, now we did it. That could not have been an easy task. That's why you got to be very careful when you're doing this game not to wave the magic band around or else you'll miss it. But we were testing the other glass case to see if it was over there and it wasn't. But we were way over there and it set off this one over here. So you got to be careful waving it around. It did do it. I don't know what ghost it was though. It said to look for a hat. No, it wasn't the hatbox ghost. It was ghost in in the in Steamboat Willy's little boat there. This is what it's like playing this game. You're running this ship. If you've got kids, if you're an adult, you can take your time. Thanos. Oh my goodness. Did it do it? Yeah, it did. Oh, yeah. We did it. Oh, look at that. Spooky. Now we just got to go see who we caught. Excellent summon. Oh, excellent summons. Oh, Loki's doing a meet and greets here in the in the atrium. Oh, the bride. There she is. exclusive character for the Haunted Mansion parlor. So, we got seven out of the nine ghosts. Uh we had to stop cuz it's dinner time, but we are headed back to the room now to get everybody else and then go up to uh dinner. Go down to dinner. We're going to 1923. Also, the atrium with all those people in it very hot and like going up and down the stairs doing the ghost thing. But highly recommend doing that when you're at port like Castway Key or Lighthouse Point or you know Nassau if that's where the ship is going. But it is really cool. I like that a lot. Oh, Jen. Loki's up there. Watch out for Loki. No, it's just a meet and greet. We ran right into the Black Panther. Literally ran into him. Tonight for dinner, we're in 1923 on the Roy side. So last night at Pridelands, we had a very small table. Yeah. And then we said, "Hey, it's pretty small. Is it possible to have like a six top instead of a four top?" No, I just said, "I just need one more. I just need a table that five people can sit at." Yeah. Cuz we had five people, but we were sitting at a four top and our our plates didn't fit on the table, right? So, um I was just asking them like, "Is it possible to get a table that seats five?" And tonight they gave us a table that seats eight. Yeah. So, now we're at a big boy table now. So we got the Alamita porchini spiced ai tuna pickled lotus root oyster mushroom black sesame brittle wasabi and yuzu mayonnaise. This is the hyperion four cheesecolor tortillone myer lemon artichoke sundried tomato and baby spinach. This is the barata mozzarella cheese and pushcuto dearma crispy cranberry and sunflower seed filo. The uh the pcudo is kind of a funny color, isn't it? Kind of. Yeah. You know, I'll give it a taste. We'll see. Then I got the split nappa baby romaine lettuce, Caesar dressing, heirloom grape tomatoes, parmesan roano, and chabata garlic croutons. This is the Italian flat parsley and rosemary crusted rack of lamb, daffen was potatoes, roasted petite turnup, carrot and zucchini, zinfendell rosemary sauce. Oh, wait. This is a turnup over here. I thought they were little onions. Nope. Turn up. Oh, and then I got I always get the fillet. I don't know why I always get the fillet. I should try something new. It's a 1923 peppered filet minan, buttered long green beans, smoked bacon, crushed fingerling potato hash, pink pepper cafe ule. Jen ordered the tapioca pudding cuz she's like, I love tapioca pudding. This is my favorite dessert here. I ordered the sundae. Oh, you got a cherry. Me, too. Oh my gosh. You got a bigger cherry is what he's saying. What were you trying to say? I'm sorry. The cherry thing on the Sunday reminded me of on Real Housewives of Salt Lake City. Um Bronwin's husband. She's like, "The cherry is the best part of the sundae. I look forward to the Sunday just so I can eat the cherry and he just picked the cherry up and ate it." And she's like, "Uh, he's so mean." Oh, was he farting everywhere? See, I figured that was the guy that'd be farting everywhere. When we got back to the room, this was in our room. A Disney Destiny Maiden Voyage lithograph. I was like pooping. Uh-oh, somebody pooped. So, we finished dinner. Uh, the kids are going to sleep and now we're headed to get in line for this photo which is like a maiden voyage photo. And also Zia and Gamble are up on the stage doing a show that I don't remember seeing. Let me go look. What do you say Gamble? Let's take a laugh. Everybody, let's dance. Come on. Are we So, we kind of missed this improv show. We showed up a little bit for it, but it looks like they took suggestions from the audience and they had to work that into the story. So, I heard the one about cookies for this cruise for one night only. There's a thing called Heroes and Villains where a bunch of Broadway singers are coming. They're going to put on a show. This is one side of the line that's waiting to get into the theater. And that line goes all the way back about halfway almost to the atrium. And there's also the other side. This is the side that we're in. It goes about the same distance back. We're heading in. I also want to go into Treasures Untold tonight cuz there was something on the table over there like glasses or something. I'm going to run in really quick and see what it is, but it's this. I don't know if it's inaugural, but these are like special glasses for the Disney Destiny. I think we got pretty good seats. I'm excited to see this. This is also exciting because this is an American Sign Language showing. So, we've got two sign language interpreters up here that we'll be able to see. It's a packed house tonight. This is something that is only happening on the maiden voyage. So, what's happening is Susan Egan, who is the the godmother of the ship and the voice of Maggara from the Disney animated classic Hercules, she I think she also was the voice of Mel. Let me look that up. She got together with a bunch of other or with a bunch of Broadway stars and said, "Come on to the the Disney Destiny and let's do a show." So, got a bunch of Broadway stars out here doing movies. Sorry, I'm trying to Google it to see if you were right, but the internet is a little slow. Um, I can't wait for the show. I'm so excited. So, we ran into Ray and June and Ray's like, "You're going to cry. Like, you're going to cry." And I was like, "Oh, no. I'm going to hold it in. I'm not going to cry. I I'm sure I will cry. for one night only. Enjoy. SW. Let's pull up a chair as the Destiny proudly presents your dinner. Be our guest. Be our guest. Put our service to the test. And the dare here is never second best. Be our guest. Yes. Life is always somebody else. You dream about growing up. I see. I see the last the soldier. And in honor of this, we can't wait to take you on an exclusive journey through some of the most iconic hints of Disney's heroes and villains, which is cool since each of us on stage has played some Disney heroes and villainish characters. That's right. And we can't wait to share it all with you. So, thank you so much for joining us here in the newest Walt Disney Theater for this incredibly special one night only event. I mean, I can't wait to see how far we'll go to whole new worlds, I'm sure. and around the riverbend, of course. So, don't get lost in the woods. Oh, with a friend like me. We'll always be prepared. Well, I won't say I'm in love, but trust me, cuz you're going to go the distance to make a man out of you. So, be our guest, you poor unfortunate souls. the other. You got a friend in me. You got a friend in me. If you got trouble, I got it, too. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you. It's my favorite 1998 classic, Mulan. And this is one of my goto karaoke songs. Me, too. Me, too. Me too. Mr. Make a serious as the dark side of the world. Now I think maybe I need to sing a song. Are you ready muses? Ready. Are you ready muses? We'll take it from here, darling. No. No. I deny it. Don't be proud. It's okay. You're in love. At least I'll say I'm staring at the edge of the water long. Never really knowing why. See the line with the sky meets the sea. It calls me. There's just no telling how far I'll go. Now I turn around and fight. I am lost in the woods. But now I'm lost in the woods. I'm lost in the woods. Heat. Heat. Enjoy the after. Do you want to build a snowman? No chance. They weren't kidding when they called me well a witch. Yes. And am prepared. Rapunzel knows best. Rapunzel is so mature now. Such a clever grownup. Rapunzel knows best. Fine if you're so sure. Now, go ahead then. Give him this. So I need you not to be on the window. Yeah, I got these jeans from outer space. Keep the name. I'm magnificent. I put the iron omnipotent. I'm passionate. I'm not picturing. Someone praise me for my benevolence. And all I really want is just a little respect. And this is the things I get. fell on you and now you're cry. There wasn't a cloud in the sky loud in the sky. We don't know about stuttering or stumbling. I can always see him sort of muttering and mumbling. I associate it with the sound of all sand. Do you understand? A 7T frame rides along his back. When he calls your name, it all fades to black. Mr. I will be whispering. Every day the one before Hey girl. Every morning was the same since the morning we came to this provincial morning. Ready to begin. Let the wonder take hold. Every step we take brings a new home. New York. Happy after. Thank you. They're doing the the light show in the lobby and they just watched it, but I don't remember them starting with Once Upon a Dream or whatever that was. Now I'm like I need to figure out if it's different every single time. Oh, cuz Maleficent came out. That was awesome. Well, that was different. I didn't I didn't see that before. Do you think that that show in the Walt Disney Heroes and Villains, one night only, was good because there was zero pressure for the performers? It's not like they were on Broadway, right? It's still one night. We're just going out and having fun on a cruise ship, right? It's basically like karaoke. Yeah. I don't know. I just enjoyed the performances. But that is a good take. That's my take. You gave me something to think about tonight. Okay. All right. I'm going to give you something else to think about. All right. What's What's that? You ready? Yeah. How far into the woods can a dog runway? As much as wood as a wood. I don't know. Halfway. That doesn't sound right, does it? After after he's halfway, he's heading out. He's no longer heading into the woods. I get it. This is how we won the brain teasers. We got a medal. We did. We got a medal. Apparently, it's bedtime. Is it? Hey, how's it going? So, if you wanted to see that show that was happening in the atrium here, just look for Maleficent cuz she came out as doing a meet and greet afterwards, too. What was your favorite part of the Broadway show? I think it was um when Susan Egan came out and sang the the Hercules song with the muses. Like the other ladies were the muses. I thought that was really good. I also liked the Toy Story song. That was fun. That was a fun one. And of course, everybody singing Happily Ever After was amazing. Oh, yeah. It was really good. Oh, and the genie singing. I I think I loved it all. It was all really really good. Yeah, I truly loved every second of it. It was amazing. We're going to stop by the gift shop really quick to see if there's any Maiden Voyage merchandise left. Then we're going to head out to the front of the ship, heading into Mickey's main sale. We'll see if they have anything left over. Oh my god, this is cute. Look at this, Jen. It's a captain's hat. Santa hat. That's pretty wild, right? Oh, see, I like all these. I I wish they had one that was Destiny specific, right? This one is Destiny specific. Is this the sweet? Oh, it is. That's cool. I like that. Look at this cruise line cable knit sweater spirit jersey. That's fun. And this button-down shirt and a cable knit sweater mug. Here's the Maiden Voyage stuff. Maiden voyage sweatshirt. Maiden voyage hat. Maiden voyage polo. Maiden voyage shirt. Oh, I like this. This is nice. And the spear jersey, too, for the Maiden Voyage. Oh, look. It's saying Maiden Voyage huge on the back. Oh, it like spins. Yeah, this is actually cool. I like Wow. What's it? It's a maiden voyage peach. Oh, I don't know. What's this? Look at this. A maiden voyage. What is it? Does it say made for? Yeah, right. That's what that That's what it said. You can't really read it. Can't read it. Yeah. I think if I'm going to get something, I'd get the shirt. And this. Yeah, I really do like this. It's cool. And they have hats. Look at this. Oh, they have this one, too. Oh, that's cool. So, does it say Maiden Voyager on the front? Yeah. Right there. Oh, yeah. O noticed that there is a Disney Cruise Line Christmas Spirit jersey as well and just a generalized Disney Cruise Line ornament. So now we're calling it a night. What a fun day with like a lot of stuff. It was It was a lot of fun. We did. I love the island. Still love the island. Water was a little cold, but still had fun. Dinner was delicious. The show was amazing. Show was really good. I loved being in the lobby. I want to explore the ship more tomorrow, though. We also got to chat with friends. We talked to Ray and June for a while. We talked to Jojo. Um, it was awesome. It was a good time. A really good time. We bought some merch. Oh, yeah. We got our Maiden Voyage Voyage merch. This was a good day. So, we're going to go to sleep now. But all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, Heat.
