---
video_id: erWRedk_fn8
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our First Time On A Maiden Voyage Cruise! Disney Destiny Family Cruise Embarkation Day!"
published: 2025-12-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erWRedk_fn8
---
Good morning from our imbarcation day for the Disney Destiny. We have to get in the car and drive down to Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Port Everglades, which is where the Disney Destiny sails out of. I just got off the Disney Destiny, but now the whole family is going. I'm so excited. I've been editing your videos from your preview cruise. It looks amazing. I think the kids are going to have such a good time. I'm going to have a good time. Yeah, the food looks great. I can't wait for the Lion King dinner. I'm so excited for all the character meet and greets, all the shows. I cannot wait. Yeah, I can't wait for her to see Hercules. Oo, so good. So, let's get in the car and make a the drive down to Port Everglades. [Music] All right, so we stopped. We were at like 40%, but I was like, we're going to do a planned stop. Put the car in the charger. Let it build up some charge. also get out, stretch our legs, go to the bathroom, get a little snacky snack. But yeah, we for whatever reason today the car's like, "Oh, you can make it to the cruise port with this charge." Which I think was the case before, but I wanted to charge so that we weren't at the cruiseport with only 20%. Oh, no. So, it's charging. We're taking a little break, little bathroom break. We've only got an hour left in the drive. So, we'll be getting there. Less than an hour. We have less than an hour. You have like 59 minutes. So asterisk there, not an hour. It was I think it was 49 minutes left. So we're pretty close. That's the thing about this drive that I think is that the drive down super easy. It's the drive back on that day when you're getting off the ship and it's like first thing in the morning, you got to get to breakfast and you're all tired and then you have to drive back the the long distance. So that's where we're at. But we're going to get little snack, get a little charge. We'll get back on the road. The worst. Yeah, the last day is the worst. [Music] fast you are. Yeah. How fast was so fast? Wo. Nice. We just went through the checkpoint. So, they do have to check IDs of every adult in the car and they ask you just a couple of questions and then they send you on your way. So, we're heading to our uh the like where the Disney ships are now. We're headed to the port. So, we are headed there now. We're about 1 minute away. So, we're almost there. It definitely the the stop to charge definitely broke the drive up, which was nice. I was able to get a little bit of work done here. I have my It's like I have a little cubicle basically back here that I was kind of editing. The day two of Tim's preview cruise on the Destiny. So, it was nice to be able to get a little bit of work done. The kids have been playing their Switch, so this is kind of like a They don't normally get to play this long, but this is just something to kind of keep them occupied in the car. And then when we get on the ship, we're going to have so many things to do. So, I'm so excited. But yeah, we're getting ready to park right now. And then we'll let you know how much parking is going to be. $20 a day. Oh, $20 a day. That doesn't change from this part. There she is. Oh, you can kind of see the Destiny right there. Oh, get in here. Oh, yeah. Look, there's superhero mini. We have a kind of a fence in the way, but you can sort of see she's in her superhero pose on the front of the ship. Oh, yeah. The anchor. Yeah, the anchor is brand new. Here we go. Heading on to the Disney Destiny. We did have to park way up top, but that's okay. We're in a little bit of shade, right? So, now, well, we got here. It's 11 or 1:45. Yeah, 1:49. Our room will be ready. I know. That's the That is an exciting thing. Disney Cruise Line, go to level one for check-in. Let's go. We're on five. So everybody remember that. It's also fun getting here a little bit later because look at he's excited. He's like, "Come on, come on, come on. Let's go." Because there's no line. There she is. Minnie. Oh, Minnie. Jackson, I bet you there'll be a steamboat Willie right around the corner here. He's doing a little Mickey toot saying toot toot Mickey. Feel like I just saw this Christmas tree. Oh, now boarding all groups. We did it. All right, let's do it, boys. All right, you ready? Yeah. Yes. He says yes to the ship. Hold my hand, Oliver. You got it, Jackson. Oh, big step. Also, you can't if you show up early, you don't get this. Sure, you get less time on the ship, but look at these kids. [Music] There she is. I feel like I was just here. Please. Look, buddy. Black Panther. There he is up there. Oh, look. We got So, we got Disney Destiny hands that we can wave with Maiden Voyage Disney Destiny Castaway Club stuff. Let's see what it is. for the sail away party. It's the gift tote. Yeah. No, I want this one. And what do you think this is? Uh, let's see. Wo. Wo. What is it? So, this is what we got. We're the Maiden Voyage. We got a Castway Club tote here with Maiden Voyage on it. This box right here came with a whole stash of magnets and some markers that we can color the magnets with. You got Superhero Mickey and Superhero Mini. And then you got all these medallions like Pirates, Black Panther, Kruella, Scar, Spider-Man, Hercules, uh, Simba, Hades. And you can pick if you're on the heroes team or the villains team. Which one do you want to color? Who do you pick? Oh, man. Hercules. Hero team. Hero team. Yeah, I'm on hero team. We're in a hero's room, too. Look at that. There's the Incredibles. This is the exact same room that I had on the last cruise. So, for Castaway Club, these are our platinum member gifts. We got some packing cubes, which is very nice. This dry bag is nicer than the dry bag. It's like a full out dry bag. Like the roll top dry bag. Wow. Pretty fancy. And then of course we got our lanyards here. Maiden voyage lanyards. But they don't show what level you are. Oh yeah. So everybody will get this one. Yeah. I mean which is fine. I just I thought that was interesting. Welcome aboard. Please accept these glasses as a special gift from Disney Cruise Line to commemorate the maiden voyage. We encourage you to please keep these glasses in your stateateroom. Additional glasses for toasting will be provided on the upper decks. Thank you for sailing on the maiden voyage. These are really beautiful. They're They're metal, too. They're like Star Cruiser. Remember on Star Cruiser when all the glasses were metal? It's totally Yeah. It's giving Star Cruiser. Passing by and seeing everybody's door decorations. Wow. Look at this. The inaugural cruises are fun cuz this is where like people that have been on a lot of cruises. Yeah. The serious cruisers. There's already a really long line for the ice cream. For the hamburgers, basically no line. And I got chicken tenders, too. You can see for the sail away, they've got all kinds of glasses prepped and ready to go. And there's our boxes of champagne right there. Looks like we've got a line of people waiting to get some champagne. But cheers for the maiden voyage. We got one non-alcoholic. That's what the cherry's for. And one regular champagne. Cheers. Happy maiden voyage. Jackson just tried this. He said it was sour. Okay, I'll try it. Oh, it is very sour. Oh, it's like also dry, which is weird. All right, we're up here for the sail away party. Let's set sail. And uh I'm sure that there's going to be something else to it. I I feel like right because we showed you guys the special part of the set show on the ship, but it's voyage. Yeah. I mean, like the cruise director will come out and be like, "Who's ready to party?" You think that's going to be the only special thing? I think we're all going to feel like a toast. Okay. Right. Yeah. Well, we got our things, right? Oh, no. That's bad luck. You can't drink it all. Jackson drank it. Look at the sun moving right now. We're turning. This is interesting cuz we're turning completely around now. The sun won't be in the way cuz it's going to go behind us. Susan Egan. Well, everybody, I just have one question for you. Who is ready to set sail on the sailing of the Disney? We are so excited for you to discover everything this beautiful ship has to offer. You know, this is a very special moment because now each and every one of you is part of the history of the destiny. So with that, I would like to propose a toast. Will you please raise your glasses? Here is to the magical memories we have for you on the Disney destiny during this sailing and during all the quests you will take in the future. Now, what do you say we get the sail away celebration started? It's good to see you. Cheers. What did she say was on the ship? Peter Parker. Peter Parker's on the ship. What do you see? Who's that? Spider-Man. Oh no, that looks like Electro. Oh, he's going to go take care of it. [Applause] [Applause] to Florida. You ready for the horn? Ready for the horn? Here we go. You like that? [Applause] Thanks, Captain Mini. Wow, look at this. The aftermath. Even an ice cream cone in there. Well, they're still pouring. I didn't actually get any of it. This is a new out not alcoholic. That's what I want. Thank you. [Music] After the sail away, we kind of came back and got the clothes put away in the room. And now we're headed out to dinner at Pride Land. Oo, I got my Animal print headband on. I got my Mickey shirt on. I didn't get changed. But yeah, we're headed there. I'm excited. The food really good. Show really good. Excited to see where we're sitting. We go. Pride Lands. I didn't notice the door when I was in here last time. It's nice. Like these seats. Mom, go a picture. Mom, go. All right. Our table number is 719 this time. Um I'm not sure what my table number was the on the first time that we ate here. See where we end up. So, we got a special bread with this meal. Try it. I have no idea how to pronounce it right here. M blete chips. It's very pillowy. Okay, I want to try it with the yogurt. It's like a mint uh mint coriander cumin yogurt dip. Your nala. It's like also taco. What? Whoa, look at this. Are you going to color in? So, I think we're just going to get our normal thing where we get chicken. But I thought Rafiki's roasted chicken alfredo pizza sounded wild. Jen just leaned in close and said, "Do you want to talk about dinner?" And I said, "Sure." Well, I feel like sometimes on cruises, we don't really talk a whole lot about dinner like at dinner. It's like Bruno. Yeah, we we don't talk about him. Oh, thank you. Yellow. But uh they did this at a kind of a small table for five people. So we're sort of cramped in here a little bit. I wanted to mention we're also like next to I also got a yellow crown. Oh, we're next to the service station as well, so it's like a little bit loud. But I think this restaurant is just loud in general. But I really love like everything about the restaurant. All of the decorations, the like lighting. I like that it's kind of dark in here. I love that the like stars are in the windows. I love that it has like a more adventurous menu. I'm very excited for this food. I got both shrimp dishes because I wasn't going to get the curry entree, but the our server was like, she said that was her favorite thing, so I have to try it. So, I got two appetizers and two entre just cuz I would like to see the new flavors, you know. So, yeah. What did you get? I got the chicken skewers for my appetizer. Yeah, those look good. Um, there's kind of a lot of apricots on this menu for some reason. Well, it is a South African inspired menu, so maybe that that's where apricots are grown. I don't know. I'd have to Google that one. And then, um Oh, I got the lamb shank cuz I liked it so much the last time. So, I got the lamb shank as well. Jen got the mocktail, which is called Slimy yet satisfying. It's uh made of Jell-O. Oh, it's Jell-O. It's Jell-O. Why did I not remember that? I don't know. With like with Sprite. I thought it was Sprite. So, we went to the preview for this restaurant when we went to the media preview. Yeah. You want to look inside? Yeah. See it, too. So, there's bugs and bugs. It's kind of like a jello shot, but Is it working? It's It's moving pretty good. So it was like a little bit too loud for Oliver. So we went and got his um headphones. I am with and I am Sha which means storyteller. This is the curried apricot chicken sadis, grilled chicken skewers, quinoa peel off, and red churola. This is the Perry Perry shrimp, sauteed chili, garlic shrimp, creamy boring cost pop, toasted corn, and Perry Perry sauce. Got a little bit of everything. That is so good. The shrimp is cooked perfectly. The pop is very creamy. Has a great flavor. It almost tastes cheesy, but I don't think there's cheese in it. Oh, is there cheese? Oh, maybe it is. Okay, then I definitely taste cheese. And then the peppers are fantastic. It just has a definitely you can taste the bell pepper. You trying the smosas? You dip it in the yogurt, too. [Music] You like the samosas? He said he likes the samosas, but he does not like the yogurt. Oh, that's okay. You don't have to have the yogurt. Smells almost like cinnamon. I'm trying waiting to hear your voice. One word [Music] by my side. Guide me my We are more than we are. We are one. Jen also got the Roma salad. I promise you it's not brown. It's green. Just this lighting right now. This is the Cape Malay shrimp curry, gram masala, turmeric, cumin, coconut curry sauce, aromatic basmati rice, cucumber sambal, and butter rodi. [Music] So, I got the lamb. Same thing that I got last time. It's very delicious. So, I have eaten some of my curry, my Malay curry shrimp. Um, this was great. So, our server Meg said that we Nothing here had any like real spice. more mild spice, but that actually I feel like had more of a medium spice, which I was happy about cuz I do like some spice. That was really, really good. I would for sure get that again. The roi was not necessarily like the roi that I've had in the past. It was a lot thicker, but um everything else was really great. I thought it was delicious. By the way, this is the loudest restaurant. Yeah, it is still loud in here. I see a lot of green out there. Yes, you feel Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] So Jackson got worms and dirt. That's what his dessert's going to be. I got the mulva pudding, which was like a dark chocolate molten lava cake with vanilla ice cream. And there's an apricot jam and this kind of pecan turtle. I remember this from the preview. I think it's just like a moist cake. And then I just went with the sundae. This is a zebra sundae, but it's just cookies and cream. So, cookies and cream sundae. Also, shout out. They have like long spoons on this ship. Every other ship we get on, they give us these giant spoons that don't reach all the way down cuz they're like wider. Oh, yeah. I don't know if you showed the silverware. It's like zebra striped. I really like everything about this restaurant. I like the outfits they wear. I like the chairs, the table stuff. Like I think it's so well themed. I just wish we had a better experience tonight. But everything everything is fantastic. I don't know. I really do like it. They did open up Mickey's main sale. This is the line to check out, I believe. Yeah. Oh, man. All kinds of stuff happening. Minnie is over here. There's some noises happening in the atrium. So, there's a line to meet Minnie and there's a line to get into Mickey's main sale. This is wild. Still haven't reached the end of the line to get into the Oh, this is the end of the line to get into Mickey's main sale. What a line. Jackson likes looking at all the different magnets on the doors. Oh, we're passing by this one again. Came back to the room and we got a little bear. What's up there? Oh, it's Hercules. Look at that. I didn't get to see this cuz we didn't pull the bed down on the last one. It says, "I have often dreamed of a far off place with a hero's welcome. I don't know the words of this song." For real, guys. Well, those are the words. Those are some of the words. Weight limit. 265 lbs. So, something that's new about the Disney Cruise Line or at least about the Destiny. Instead of bed rails, they're using a bumper. So, they're trying out a bumper. So, it's not as tall. I don't know if maybe kids were having a hard time like climbing over it to get out. I think it was probably just harder for them. Yeah, I think the bed rails are kind of like cumbersome. Yeah, you have rails. Yeah, you have the rail. I hope this is tall enough. So, he's okay. He doesn't roll around. Look, I'm way up here. You are way up there. That is cool. The stars. Oh, yeah. We went inside and gave the kids baths. There's nothing on our door when we came. And then we came back out and now there's our door is decorated. We got magnets. We got a whole Mickey Captain Mickey magnet. We got I think it might be from Ray. Ray and June. They're like right down the hall. I'm going to Next time we see them, I'm going to ask. Show me their door. You should see their door. Wow. Look at that. Oh, we got pictures of them and everything. I love it. Oh my gosh. Oh, it's all Hamilton. Oh yeah. I like this. The concier thing is nice. Oh, look at that. She keeps trying to convince us to go on Alaska concierge, right? Wow. So, yeah, I think that that was probably from Oh, it goes over here, too. Yeah, they had so many. Oh my goodness. Yeah, I think that that's probably from them. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. Ask her. I like Brooks one one thing. Oh, yeah. But they have Yeah, they got to go got to go um subscribe to them. All right, so we came out. Kids are going to sleep and we came out. We're going to swing by Kruell or Devilles. See what it looks like. Scope it out. Also, there's decades music trivia up in Tritons right now. He's got to remember Ben E. King. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's the one, right? And and Trampoline by Shade. Well, we got we got to check this out for We got plenty of time for so many times. Dressed up. I literally Oh, you're dressed up. Yeah. [Applause] Look who won Decad's trivia even though he forgot some of the names of songs. So, we got 37 out of 40. I didn't think we were going to win because some other people seemed like they were going to win, right? cuz they knew they knew who was featured on the Goautier song. Yeah. And I did not know that. So I thought, "Oh, they're going to win for sure." And Kimbra, by the way, we won. Yeah, we won. First night, right? What? So excited. I don't think we have this one or I didn't. I haven't. We have five of these of this one. Yeah. I just went through them when I got home the other day and I was like, we have more of these than we probably should. Like of this one in particular. There goes superhero mini. So on the media cruise, this wasn't working. the haunted mansion a happy hunt. But right now, uh, our magic bands a weak weak signal. You need to charge it. Well, it just said that it was needed to be updated. Now it says No, mine needs to be updated, but my battery is too weak to update it. It's telling me I need to update the firmware on my Magic Band. So, I need to charge mine. You need to charge your battery. I need to charge my battery to update. We're going to try this on this cruise because on the media cruise, this wasn't ready to go yet, but it looks like it is now. So, this is like a scavenger hunt around the ship. Oh, it's going to tell us. Yeah. Decrypt the clue, find the haunted object, summon a hidden spirit, and then return the ghost. Then come back here to this spot right here. That's pretty neat. Sounds awesome. Okay, we're definitely doing this. Did also want to mention at some point tonight I did spill something on my pants and now I have a big stain there. So, just wanted to keep you guys updated to the uh stained pants. I also want to go by Devils again. Oh yeah. And just see. Just have a look see. I just have a feeling we won't be able to get in, but I at least want to check. We stopped in Devilles and we're back in this. Remember how I was like this is the smallest booth ever. My butt does not even fit in this. I know. Neither does mine. Half of my butt does. Who fits in this seat? A tiny That's a tiny seat. Oh my god. Okay, so this we got some champagne in the perfume. So this how we going to do it. Oh, it goes in the drink. It's champagne. It's a champagne. You don't put it on your body. No, it's champagne. I don't You're not going to put it be all sticky. So, what do you do if you want to drink the rest of it? Your choice. It's just your choice. And we got some We got a jello strawberry lipstick is edible, too. Jello strawberry lipstick. That's edible. Amazing. Yes. So, this one is a glitter. Edible glitter. Usually you put in your face. Oh, that looks beautiful. Oh, look at it. Look at sparkling. It's amazing. Edible, too. No worries. Everything's Oh my god. No. We all want this. Oh, this is We know what we're talking about. Well, look at it's all over you. I know. I'm all over the place. It's everywhere. We need to We need to This is strawberry jello, right? Wait, am I Am I eating it? Yeah. Give it a good bite. Sorry. We're like crashing on there. Oh, it's like a slush. You can move the red. I'm going to move the red. Oh, it's like a little slush. Not like this, but I just make a little bit dramatic. It is. They love the drama. They made a mess over there all the night just as we're getting ready to leave. Piano started. We just left Deville's. It was a good time in there. It was a party. It was a lot of fun. We saw um some people that we had actually seen at the Grand Fian a few days ago. Yeah. That was a lot of fun. Everybody was just having a good time and I am here for that. I also got um I I still have half my drink left. I'm going to give this to my sister to try cuz I think she would really like this. But it was so much fun. Like what an experience that drink was, right? I don't know if it's worth the money, but the experience was worth the money, right? You know, um and it's also a very popular drink because they kept having to like we need this tray back. Oh yeah. They took the lipstick holder like after I was done, immediately after I was done, they're like, can we have this cuz we need it. I was like absolutely let somebody else have the fun experience. So it was cool. I really enjoyed it. I had a great first day. I will say dinner was a little bit disappointing. Not the food. The food was amazing. I think the main thing that made it a little bit less enjoyable is that they put we are five people they put us at a four a table for four and so we were kind of like one of us was kind of like shoehorned in and we in the aisle where they were working and so that made I don't know I just didn't I wish they had just put us at a bigger table or even combined us with another family who had an extra chair cuz they'll do that and I wouldn't have minded that but I will say the service our server is fantastic the lead server was fantastic the assistant server was fantastic the show was fantastic I think Just how they kind of shoehorned us in. Made dinner not enjoyable. I didn't realize we were right next to our door because I was like, we don't have decorations on our door. I think Ray did. I know. I'm going to ask Ray. I think it was Ray. Anything in here? Is there a bunch of stickers in there? The kids see those kids are going to love that. Oh man, we'll leave it out here so they can see it in the morning. But I am excited to come back on this ship in the future and go there again for dinner and see if it's a different experience. But um the Oh, but the performers were amazing. Yeah. Amazing. It was really good. I said this in my previous cruise. I really like the ship. I don't like where it sails out of. Yeah. Like there's nothing wrong with Fort Lauderdale. I just don't like the drive. That could change. It won't always be sailing out of Port Everglades. Maybe you think it'll, you know, they they move them around. Stuff happens. Yeah. So, yeah. But today was like one of like just the best immarcation day. I had so much fun. Yeah. So, Oh, we got to do the cheers. Yeah. That was cool. It was good. I don't remember doing that cuz we went on the inaugural wish and I don't remember doing that. We didn't. We went on an inaugural sailing. We didn't go on the maiden voyage. Oh, is that what it was? Yeah. Yeah. Ah, okay. I don't This is our first maiden voyage, I believe. Oh, did we go on maiden for treasure? No, we were a little bit after. No, you you went on the preview and then we went later. Yeah. Fine. I just realized that. Yeah, it was our first maiden cruise. How fun. Look at that. It's a first. All in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. [Music]
