---
video_id: nPE96cMVqpA
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Leaving For My Disney Destiny Cruise! Brightline To Fort Lauderdale, Hotel Check In & Home Vlog!"
published: 2025-11-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPE96cMVqpA
---
Good morning from the start of my Disney Destiny media cruise. Want to say thank you to Disney for inviting us out on this media cruise. They are also providing us trip like they're providing us a train ticket down south because the Destiny does sail out of Port Everglades out in Fort Lauderdale. So, we're going to take the Bright Line down. It's going to be a 2 and 1 half hour, three-h hour trip down on the Bright Line. Should be great. Should be fun. I've done it one time before and I really enjoyed it. We are also staying in a hotel tonight cuz the ship sails out tomorrow morning. So, it's going to be a fun and adventurous day getting down to Fort Lauderdale. So, let's get on the Bright Line. We've got about half an hour before it starts boarding. Let's make our way up there. So, the Bright Line can be a great option if you are traveling on one of the Disney cruise ships out of Port Everglades down in Fort Lauderdale. Uh we do have a port up here at Port Canaveral, which not all the ships sail out of. Like the Destiny that we're going on sails out of Port Everglades, so we got to go down there for it. You can see the train's already in the station right there. And this station is at Terminal C at the Orlando airport. And I parked in a surface lot here. There is garage parking if you'd like. I feel like garage parking might be more expensive. I'll let you know when on our way back how much this parking lot is per day. I didn't see any signs advertising how much it was. Yeah, there's the train right there. Do also want to mention that this lot in particular is only for e-pass. So e-ass is our way of paying tolls on our toll roads down here. So, E-Pass and SunPass are the two different types of transponders that we use down here for our toll roads. And that's also how we pay for parking at the airport. Uh, you can pay for parking other ways at the airport. And there are other lots that you can use other modes of or other means of payment, but this particular lot that we're at, the surface lot here was only e-pass and SunPass. So, that's how I'm paying for parking. And of course, you could use ride share, take a taxi, something like that, and get dropped off right here. So, you can see right there, there's an overhang. That's a drop off available for Uber, Lift, regular old like your cousin dropped you off or whatever. So, uh there are multiple ways to get into the train station. Now, we just take a couple of escalators up to the top. There is also elevators available, but we're taking the escalator. And then once you make it to the top of the second escalator, you are headed down to it's a very bright opening over here, and I'll show it to you when we get there. It's it's very noticeable that you're headed to the Bright Line station. So, if we were to continue straight, we would head to Terminal C at the airport. But no, we're headed over here to the Bright Line at this bright opening right here. And here we are inside of the Orlando Bright Line station. There is like a premium if you have premium if you buy like first class, you go to the premium lounge. I'm just in coach, so I'm out here. There are bathrooms. There's food available. There's shirts. You can buy shirts and hats and Christmas ornaments. Are these Bright Line Christmas ornaments or they just like Florida? Oh, they're just Florida ones. I'd buy a Bright Line Christmas ornament. I like this mermaid one, though. Yeah, they have cups. They look like Stanley's. They've got little models of the train. Oh, it'll fit on like the the wooden tracks. That's fun. Oh, there they are. Bright Line ornaments. Oh my goodness. I kind of want to get this. It's like a Bright Line sweater Christmas ornament. I'm on the way back. I don't need to have it right now when we're coming back cuz we are taking the Bright Line back. I think I'm going to buy one of these. How much are they? 30 bucks for the train one. So, they made the announcement that the premium cabin can start boarding over over here on track one next to Mary Bar. You can see everybody else is just starting to line up, but we do have assigned seats, so we don't have to rush down there. As long as we're down there by 10:45, we're okay. Above the bar, they have not only just like our our departures and arrival stuff, but they have one of these old school flip style signs that I'll flip every once in a while, and it makes the fun noise like I did it. All of the general boarding has started. I did find out that I'm in coach 10, so I'm not going through these escalators. I'm going to go back to these back here. 10:40 right now. Not leaving till 10:50. Got 10 minutes to get there. All right, we are on our way. This is my $21 lunch. Got a roasted turkey, cheddar hogi, aquafina, and some Cape Cod chips. And I'm going to watch Hercules on my phone. Came to the spot in between trains. Talk to you guys. So, there's a bathroom here. There's a bathroom here. I'm waiting. There's somebody in each one of them. But it's pretty neat to be like between the train cars because you can see it moving around right there. This is like a neat thing that you don't normally see. Oh, and each train has its own name. So, we're on bright red right now. I came up to like car six to find a bathroom, but I wanted to show you guys the bathroom on the train cuz it's really nice. It's way bigger than an airplane bathroom. And lots of like mirrors, changing table, like a regular full size changing table, which is nice as opposed to when you're on a plane and it's like the tiniest thing. Regular toilets. Uh, regular sink. It's nice. Got enough room to you get changed in here. Coat hooks and such. And just like that, we made it to Fort Lauderdale. So, now we just need to grab a a lift to our hotel. So, our train was a little bit delayed. We left at 10:50 and now it's 2:04 is when I got here. So, a little bit of a longer trip than originally planned, but still not bad. About a half an hour longer. It's a pretty small station, but outside it's very nice. Then that might just be because it's a beautiful day out. Here it is on the left. This is where we're staying right now. Pier 66. It's a nice looking hotel. I was talking to the Uber driver and they said that there's a a restaurant up on the top that rotates so you can see all of Fort Lauderdale. I'm hoping that that's where we're going to eat tonight. But we'll see. Oh, they still got pumpkins outside. Still Halloween. This is us. It's a very, very nice room. First thing we see when we come in, full-size mirror for checking the fit before you leave the bathroom. I love this counter top. Look at the size of this shower. It is so big. Like, I could be back inside of the shower not getting wet at the other side of it. We love a good uh toilet. It's an automatic toilet. Oh, there's all the the buttons for it. It's like a a bedet type. It's a fancy toilet. All the switches are this like push button type here. What does a privacy do? I don't know. Let's see here. The closet's got a safe. I like a green safe. That's fun. Robes. Oh, slippers, too. Kind of in love with this room. It's pretty great. We do have a couple of USBs next to the bed. I like this little spot here for Maybe it's a bench. Maybe it's luggage storage. some USBs on this fancy pink rose gold light. A Sha's lounge. I want this lamp in my house. I don't really understand the point of it, but I want it. And then look at this view. I'm sure if I was up on a higher floor, it'd be a pretty fantastic view. I can see the ocean out there, but I think you'd really be able to see it from a higher floor. Well, maybe we'll head up to that top floor and see what they got for dinner. Uh-oh. The mini bar. Found the mini bar. Pure silk sleep mask. Wow. A green refrigerator. Yes. And then some more storage down here. This is uh I've stayed in a hotel like this one time and I think it was owned by the same person. So we stayed at the Wave out in Lake Nona. And this feels like the Wave in Lake Nona. But I got my event credentials. These are pretty awesome. Like it's a lenticular, so it goes between Hades and Hercules. Also, this is a pretty like hefty event credential, like made of vegan leather. All right, now that we're settled into the hotel, I'm going to go look and see if I can find somewhere to eat dinner. Inside the hotel, there's a couple of restaurants that I think should be okay. One's like fine dining, so I don't think they'll like be okay with me like walting in there in my Mickey Mouse shirt, but we'll go see. We'll see what they say. I'm going to go down to the front desk and say, "Where should I eat dinner?" and see what they say. We came to eat at the bar here, the lobby bar here called Windows, and I got some sliders and then a shakuderie. All right, so it is much later. I just went to dinner and it ended up being like a bunch of other creators kind of just eating and hanging out. Nobody else was filming so I said I'm not going to film this dinner because I think everybody just kind of wants to hang out tonight. It was good. The food was delicious, very enjoyable. I'm excited to like spend the next few days with everybody on the cruise. Should be really fun. It should be a really fun time. We're going to be on the cruise tomorrow morning. We've got breakfast here in the hotel and then we head out to the cruise and we start our time on the Disney Destiny. So yeah, that's what I'm going to call it a night. And it was a easy day of travel. I really, really, really like taking the train. I do know that the train is expensive though. So, like I'm have still having a hard time getting a car from the train station to the port with car seats in it for a reasonable amount. Um, and also the the train itself is expensive for the amount of people that we are going with as like a family. for one person it's not bad but when you start adding people in like making a trip more and more people then it becomes more cost effective to drive and just park at the port. So when we come out for the inaugural cruise or for the maiden voyage I think that we are going to just drive. I really want to take the train cuz it's so much easier and it feels like it goes faster too. Like it takes less time to get out here even though I know it doesn't. It's because you can do other stuff on the train rather than me just like driving. You can like watch a movie. There's Wi-Fi on the train. There's bathrooms on the train. You don't have to stop to use the bathroom. And it's only there's only two stops, three stops in between Orlando and Fort Lauderdale. And I feel like we didn't even stop at Boca Raton because I think they knew that they hadn't sold any tickets and nobody on the train had bought tickets to go to Boca Raton. So, I think the train just like blew through that station cuz I I there was announcements like we're stopping at the Boca Raton station soon. And then a second later it was like, "Thank you for joining us on Bright Line." Like the announcement that plays as if people had gotten on, but nobody got on because the train didn't stop. So, I thought that was an interesting thing that happened. But yeah, I would recommend the train if it's in your budget. So, yeah, I would recommend the train. I would love to take it if I could get from the the train station to the port with car seats. I would take it in an instant. It was so nice and so relaxing to be on the train. And then you also feel like not drained from the day of travel like you do after driving. So, I don't know. I I would recommend it, but I do think they need to upgrade their options for for getting from the train station to the port. I know there are some cruise ships that offer a shuttle between the train station to the port. Disney is not one of those. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. Good morning from day two of our trip down to Fort Lauderdale to get on the Disney Destiny for a media cruise. Want to say thank you to Disney for having us out. But today is the day that we head onto the cruise ship. So, we're checking out of this hotel, lovely hotel. It's called Pier 66 down here in Fort Lauderdale. And we are going to get on the cruise ship. First, we have to go down and get breakfast and drive and drop your bags off at the port. Um, we already got our luggage tag on there. And then that's all you have to do is just put your luggage tag on whatever bags you're checking and then you can hand those off to the porter and they will take them onto the ship and they will arrive at your stateateroom. You want to make sure that you do not put everything in those bags. You can, but like for me, I want to make sure that I have my camera stuff outside of those bags. So, I have a second bag with me that I will take with me onto the ship. I'll check the green bag and that'll go onto the ship on its own. It'll meet me at the stateateroom. Um, all my camera stuff is in the big bag. My laptop is in there. And like if you wanted to have like a bathing suit so that as soon as you could get on the ship, you could get into the pool because the pools will be open as soon as you get onto the ship. So you could just get on the ship. You'd even wear your bathing suit onto the ship, but get onto the ship and like go straight into the pool, go straight onto the Aqua Mouse, go straight down Party Source Rex, or you could head to lunch or something like that. If you don't want to do that, food options will be open. Pools will be open. Your stateateroom might not be ready as soon as you get on. Usually ready around 1:30 in the afternoon. So keep that in mind for your future cruise plans. I wanted to show you guys the Disney Destiny Disney Band Plus. So anytime that it is a cruise specific Magic Band, they call it a Disney band. I like it. It's cool. So for all three of the Triton class ships or the uh the Wish class ships, there are they have Disney bands specific to those ships. Little fun fact for you that I want you guys to keep your eyes out for. The hull number on the Disney Destiny is 706. So, usually or things that we've seen on the Wish and the Treasure, you'll find their hall number kind of hidden throughout the ship, especially in the bar that is up above the multi-purpose entertainment space. So, on the Destiny, this multi-purpose entertainment space is called Saga. On the Treasure, it was called Sarabi. Um, and so we're going up to the bar above that. So, on the on the Destiny, it's called Caskin Cannon. So, we're going to be looking out for 706 in Caskin Cannon. Another little fun interesting thing is that the Disney Wish is hall number is 705. The Disney Destiny is 706. The Disney Treasure 718, which is really interesting because that is the order that they were ordered in from the ship builder. So it's just interesting that we got the treasure before we got the destiny even though it's hall number is so much after the destiny. So that means that the wish and the destiny were both ordered around the same time but because of co we had a delay in the wish and so I believe that that's what happened is there was a delay in building the wish and they held off on the destiny and they built the treasure first and there were some other orders that came in in between there and then we've got all the other hall numbers that are coming up pretty soon as we did hear that Disney is ordering more ships for the fleet. All right, see you later room at Pier 66. The toilet is constantly flushing. This is like automatically flushes in the other room. So, it's flushing right now. It's a fancy toilet, but it does flush at random times. Yeah, this was great. This bed was super comfortable. The air feels fantastic outside. It's 72. Perfect. 72° outside. Let's go. It was only here for the night, but it was good. It was good. I liked everything about it. Good morning and happy Sunday. So Tim is currently boarding his cruise right now, but you guys just saw Tim take the train to Fort Lauderdale and then check into his hotel. And that's basically that's all he did yesterday. So it didn't make a full video. So I figured I could show you what we did as well. So what we're doing today, Oliver, what did we do today? He's trying to find um all of his like car uh the like launchers. But what what we what my plan was, we got these from Disney Springs, and so I wanted them to write their Christmas list for Santa. so we can give him to Santa the next time we see him. Jackson has started his list. He wants the Pokemon Poctopia game. XShot. I don't know what. What is XShot? Is that a car thing? No, it's this thing. Oh, it's like a Nerf blaster. Wo. Okay. He also wants the fluffy cloud set, which is fluffy Play-Doh. It's slime. Oh, it's like a fluffy slime. Yeah. Oh, goodness. The Kirby game for the Switch 2. He drew the little Nintendo symbol so Santa knows that it's for the Nintendo Switch 2. He wants a You want a drum? Yeah, cuz I broke the last drum. Oh, you want a new drum. Okay, that's a good All right. And then the Beyblade. Uh, I had to write the rest of it cuz it's a long one, but the drop battle set. But look at your handwriting is so nice, buddy. I know. I'm really really proud of your handwriting. It's so Pokemon I think one is the best. Yeah, buddy. Your handwriting is great. Good job. Okay, now let me look this. Yeah, keep looking. So, they're looking through the Let me show them what book you're looking at. This is the Target Christmas one, but we also have the Amazon one. Where's the Amazon one? I don't know where that one went, but that one had some good stuff in it, too. Oliver started to write his list. And his he This is the basketball game. And then this was the What did you have, buddy? You had the basketball game. And then what was the other thing on your list? Oh, you're playing with Jackson's robot. I think he might win one of those. We might have to figure out what the other thing on his list was. But I know I know that this one was basketball game. And then he asked me to draw him a rainbow. So we went through and tried to pick out all of the rainbow colors. And then I started coloring in. Jackson drew. So Jackson loves to draw cars. These are all different cars. You can kind of see. So this is a tall car. And then these are the wheels down here. This is big wheel car with like a little body. And this is uh just all of these are different cars. So I started coloring them in so that he could have a cool car picture all colored in. Don't you think that's going to look awesome when we're done? Yeah. I think we might also try to go to the playground or I might set up the soccer goals out in the backyard and we might play a little soccer in the backyard just so that we can get outside. It is so nice outside today. It's like not hot, not cold. It is perfect. So, I definitely want to get outside. Oliver did request to ride his tricycle with his helmet. You want to do that? Yeah. You want to put your helmet on and go ride your tricycle? No, I want to play Jackson's living. You want to play with his robot? Okay. Maybe we take it outside. Maybe we can ride our um do our robot outside on the sidewalk and do some sidewalk chalk. Oh, you know what we could do? We could make a track like draw a track on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk and then you could try to like a course for the the robot to go through. What if we did that and you have to try to keep them in the lines? Does that sound good? No. No. Yeah, cuz I'm still drawing. Look. I thought it sounded cool. That would be funner than what? Funner than what? Yeah. Um, funner than not doing it. I have. You want to hold the camera? My magazine is good. Your magazine is good. Okay. And I love saying my ABCs. You love saying the ABCs. All right. We're riding our Radio Flyer tricycle with our teddy bear helmet. He still doesn't understand the uh pedals. We're working on it. You're putting your bubbles in your trunk. Can I ride it? Let me see. You might be too big for it. You want to try? I want to try. Let Jackson try for one second. Okay, buddy. Yeah, this will be. And then watch. See how Jackson does the petals? Show him how to do the petals. Oh, and then you can go fast. Yeah, that's fast. All right, it's now lunchtime. What are we eating? Some peanut butter sandwich. Jackson gets sun butter. And then we have some fruities. So, got some strawberries and some grapes. Are you not going to eat yours? Oh, okay. What about you? Are you going to eat yours? No. No. Oh my gosh. And then we have some veggie puffs. We did play outside for a minute. We saw some millipedes, rode our tricycle, played tic-tac-toe with some sidewalk chalk. The weather is amazing. It is absolutely perfect. It was kind of chilly. You're eating. Thank you for eating. And then I'm going to put Oliver down for his nap. And then maybe me and Jackson will play. You want to play a board game? I'll figure something out for us to do. Maybe we'll finish coloring in the cars. And we need to finish your Christmas list cuz you added a few more things. Hello. Good morning. Is it morning? Still morning technically. It is now Monday. So, I don't know how much I actually showed you of the weekend. Tim is on the Destiny now. He's on the ship. He has been trying to send me clips to edit. I'm making a sandwich. It's like almost lunchtime. Um, he's been trying to send me clips to edit like from his embarcation day and it is not going as easily as we had originally thought that it would. So, it's just a lot of clips. The internet is not great on the ship and it's not bad, but it's just not like meant to be sending like, you know, hundreds of clips over. So anyway, I've been trying to download those from we use Google Drive and so he's sending them to our drive and then I'm downloading them from the drive and normally for shorter clips like for social media like Instagram those kind of clips it would be you know easy breezy but because it's like long clips you know he probably showed the whole saila away party and like the whole room tour and all that you know like ship tour it's just not sending as quickly as he thought it would. So he was sending them all night last night and then I only got six clips. Literally only six clips sent. So yeah. So if you're that Yeah. My our whole plan was to have you know the videos out this week while he was like on the ship and then that didn't exactly happen. So I don't really know what we're going to do because then then we all go on the ship on Thursday. So I'm I don't know if you guys are just going to have like no videos for like a week. I'm sorry if that's what ends up happening. I'm sorry, but as soon as we get back, we will have all the videos up, so you can look forward to that. But, uh, there's tons of stuff on Instagram. I know that the Instagram stuff is going up. There's stuff on Twitter, so you can at least see stuff there. But, other than that, I've just been trying to film a home vlog for like the past 2 days, which I don't I couldn't. It was It's very hard to film a home vlog with two kids, so I didn't film a whole lot to be honest. But, we did make tacos. That was delicious. We did um what else did we do? Oh, I made some really delicious chicken, like a teriyak chicken and rice. Sorry, I'm walking around the house cuz I'm trying to figure out what I did with my phone. I was able to keep the house clean, which was a fantastic feat. I had the dishes done every night, the laundry done every night. I don't know what it is about like again having two small kids, but we do like a load of laundry every day. Every single day. I was talking to my sister about it and she's like, "I do laundry like once a week." And I'm like, "Man, that must be nice cuz literally every day there's laundry." So, um, that's kind of what I did over the past few days was just a lot of cooking, a lot of cleaning, a lot of playing. We did make our our Christmas list, which I think you guys saw that, but I wanted to show you something. I wanted to give you like an update of the Christmas list because I thought it was so cute. So, Jackson, he's got a pretty big list. So, he's starting a second list, but on his first list, cuz I think you guys saw some of it, I wanted to show you. He I did help him write some of it. But look at that. He wants a Tamagotchi. It's all coming back around. I had a Tamagotchi when I was not his age, a little bit older, but pretty exciting stuff. And he said the main thing that he wants is he said, "If I can only have a couple of things," he said, "Tell Santa, if I can only have a couple of things, I really want the Pokemon Pocoia game." And he really wants the Beyblade battle set. Those are the things that we have to definitely make sure Santa knows about. Oh, another thing he keeps asking me for is a phone. And I'm like, I don't think No, no, you're not going to get a phone when you're 5 years old. I told him I was like, I didn't even get my first phone till I was 18 years old, which I understand phones weren't like that's when phones came out basically. So that's why I had a phone at that age, but like who's giving their 5-year-old their own phone? I don't I don't know. He really he wants his own phone so he can play Pokémon Go. So I was trying to figure out a way if there's like a way for him to play Pokémon Go without having his own phone. Like you know how some kids have like a um an iPod or something so that they can like listen to music but it doesn't do anything. It doesn't connect to the internet like as far as it's not like a social media type thing. I don't know. Is there a way that he can play Pokémon Go without a phone? Give me suggestions. I'd like to know. But for right now, I'm going to make a turkey sandwich and then I have a call that I have to take in about half an hour and so I'm getting ready for that. And it's also kind of cold in here. So, I'm wearing my This is my favorite my favorite favorite spirit jersey. It's so cozy. I love it so much. Um, it's just from Disney World, but it's like this one with like the fuzzy. I love it. This is awesome. So, yeah, I'm going to eat a sandwich. I'm going to take my call and then I'm going to come back and we're going to chat some more. But that's basically what went on all weekend is we did a lot of coloring. We did a lot of sidewalk chalk. We rode our bikes and our tricycles. We blow We did We blow blew blowed. We blew a lot of bubbles. It was It was a good time. I had a really great time with the kids. Um I just didn't film a lot of it, so apologies there, but we had such a great weekend. All right, I had my sandwich. Um I have to take a call here in about 20 minutes, but I also made Oliver's lunch, so my sister took him to his gymnastics class and for just like a little park day. But I got his stuff ready so he can eat as soon as they come home. He has a peanut butter sandwich, some grapes, veggie puffs, and then just a rolled up turkey slice. And he'll eat some more. He'll usually have like a yogurt pouch or um maybe some strawberries. I like to just like not overwhelm his plate though because then he won't eat. If there's too much on his plate, too many choices, he just like won't eat anything. So, I like to give him a a plate with those things and then offer more if he's still hungry. But, um but yeah, so my sister took him to his activities for the day and um there he did like an extra gymnastics class this morning which he loves. It's so so so cute. It really helps him creatively play cuz they always do like pretend play. So this week I think they were doing camping or it was something with insects. So they were like they they were like fishing and um like feeding bugs to frogs, but it was all like puppets and stuff. I don't know. It's a lot of like imaginative pretend play, which I love. He's And Oliver is really funny. He loves that. He's really into like pretend play, which is great. That's it's a wonderful thing. So, and then hopefully get this video up for you guys today so I'm not leaving you without a video for 2 days and try to figure out what videos have come through like that Tim was able to send. So, I know he's still trying. I feel bad cuz he's like trying to, you know, film everything for the videos, but also trying to get me the videos, but also trying to, you know, it's just a lot. I know he's like doing a lot right now. So, I don't I'm sure he's not watching this, but but if you are, I really appreciate everything that you're doing and you're doing great. So, yeah. Um Okay. All right. We'll see you guys in a minute. All right. So, it is a little bit later. Jackson's home from school. The baby woke up from his nap. He had a like a long nap today. It's almost 5:00. I help you make the tacos. Yeah, of course you can. What are you going to do? Help Bob eat the make the tacos. And I'm going to eat more of those chocolate peanut butter and apples. So after school, his after school snack is sliced apples. And then this is, let me show you. This is like one of the most amazing things. I still have it up. Ew. It's GIF, but it's chocolate. It's peanut butter and chocolate gif. So, um, it tastes wonderful. But we're dipping some apple slices in there. And then I'm gonna get Oliver. He I I went up to his room and I went to go get him and he said he wasn't ready to get out of his bed yet. So, he likes to sometimes lay in his bed for a little bit longer and then he'll say, "I have the monitor on, so he'll say like, "Okay, I'm ready." And I'll come and get him. But watch this. Whoa. Is this your dance? I love it. Wow. You know what it kind of reminds me of is Spider-Man. And we're going to see Spider-Man on Thursday. You excited? Oh, and this is one of the ships that the kids club has the slide. Are you going to do the slide into the kids club? Yeah. I love this dance, buddy. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Can you show me show them your cartwheel? Okay, watch it. Okay, I'm watching to see it. Okay. Whoa. Good job, bud. We've been practicing our cartwheel. Um, I don't think I could do a cartwheel even when I was a kid. I just don't think I ever had that. I'm still dancing. You are still dancing. All right, I'm going to go get Oliver and then I'm going to start making dinner. I think we're just going to have leftover tacos from the other day because we didn't eat all of the taco meat and uh Jackson said, "I want tacos." And I said, "You know what? That sounds awesome cuz that'll be easy for me and I have so much work to do tonight." So, I'm going to make some tacos. I'm going to get the baby. And uh yeah, I think this might be where I end it because after I put them to bed, I have to start working on the clips that I did get from Tim's embarcation day on the Destiny. I'm going to try to edit as much as I possibly can. Right now, I have about 15 clips and I think it's like over 100 clips that I'm supposed to have. So, I'm just going to edit them as they come so I can get the video up quickly. But yeah, I'm still waiting on the clips. So, there's your little update there. But, uh, Tim is having a great time. And he did say that the weather has been about 78° there. So, it's warm. Even though it's cooler here, it is warm there. Obviously, you know, he's like in the Caribbean, so it's going to be warmer. But, I just wasn't sure how warm it was going to be. So, if any of you guys are wondering what the temperature is like there, 78° and perfect. So, um, I think that we are going to end it here. We're going to call it a day and hopefully I'll see you tomorrow with a vlog from the Destiny. I don't know. Fingers crossed. But all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we're off. We'll see you tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Good job, buddy.
