---
video_id: tVWg0d8IvWY
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney's Festival Of The Holidays At EPCOT 2025! Hits & Misses, Storytellers + Festive Fun!"
published: 2025-11-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVWg0d8IvWY
---
Good morning from Epcot's International Festival of the Holidays. Oh, people are getting people are getting excited already. What's that all about? Everybody's excited to be here. The International Festival of Holidays is a celebration of the holidays from around the world through the use of holiday kitchens. We're going to try some delicious, delicious food today. There's going to be limited time entertainment. So, we're going to see some fun storytellers and some other like ways that they celebrate the holidays around the world. That's my favorite part of the whole festival, right? and more. Shout out to Labufana. Oh yeah. And the festival runs from today, November 28th through December 30th. So it is a very short festival. So if you're interested in coming to the festival of the holidays, get here now. Yeah. You should be here today. Hopefully we'll see you. Yeah. First things first, I want to start making our way back to World Showcase so we can try some food. It's about lunchtime. Mhm. Right. I'm hungry. You hungry? There's some uh there's some good stuff on the menus this year. Some new things. So let's go see what we can find. Let's do it. Today is the first day of the festival, so you can see the crowd level is pretty high for this section of the park. We'll see how it is once we get to World Showcase because I feel like the crowd starts to spread out once you get back there. We're also here. It's 1:00 p.m. Just so you guys have an idea of the uh the time. Oh yeah, lunch time. That's what everybody's headed for. So, as we get over here towards Mickey and Friends meet and greet and towards Communicore, the first booth that we come to is favorites of festivals past. I remember the brown sugar the sliders being really good. Yeah. And then I want to check this one out too. I know you don't like eggnog. Yeah, I don't like eggnog. So, none of the stuff here will be new, but you might. It's worth stopping by the booth because they do have some delicious things here. And so, as we make our way further into communication of Encanto, but also Joyful has set up a stage over here. Joyful is one of our favorite storytellers/ entertainment offerings that is here and they celebrate Kwanza. So, it is Joyful a celebration of the season. So they are celebrating Kwanza and Christmas. Kwanza is celebrated from December 26th through January 1st. It's inspired by harvest festival celebrations in Africa. On each of the seven days of Kwanza, a different principle is observed. Oh, this is cool. So it kind of goes through each of the seven principles that they celebrate on each of the seven days. They celebrate with a lighting of the seven branch candalabra called the canara. They'll also sing Christmas songs that you know and love as well. I definitely recommend coming and checking them out. Hopefully we'll see them today. But it is an amazing show that they put on. They are so so talented. I love seeing them every year. And if you're interested in seeing them, the sign does have their show times 2 p.m. 305, 405, and 510. So four show times. Lots of opportunities to see them. So don't miss it. And then our first stop over here, Communicore Hall for the Festival of the Holidays. You can meet Santa in here. I like it. And here's Santa's schedule. 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Oh, he's there right now. Let's go see if we can see Santa. There's Santa right there. Merry Christmas, Santa. Merry Christmas. There's also a spot for you to drop off your letters to Santa right there. So, this is our spaceship Earth made entirely out of gingerbread. And you can see got a countdown clock here. So, in about 8 and 1/2 minutes, there'll be a little light show that happens on Gingerbread Spaceship Earth. Oh, this is where the cookies are. Yeah, I know. But look at that line for the cookies. I feel like we'll come back for the cookies. Yeah, we definitely will. They also have a little display of merch in here where you meet Santa. They've got Figment. We used to have a Figment doll when I was a kid or a Figment Stuffy. So soft. And I loved it. I kind of love this Figment, right? He's also wearing his sweater. They have a lot of Figment sweater merch, which I like love. I love the blanket. It looks so cozy. Like a There's also a Christmas ornament. Does this a Is this a lounge fly or is this just a backpack? A Disney branded backpack or purse. I love the ears. And this blanket. Oh my gosh. Is it so soft? This is like the coziest blanket. I'm like on a big blanket kick right now. Oh, okay. This is a passholder shirt. I like the art. I'm not a fan of a long sleeve shirt. Yeah, give me a t-shirt. Yeah, just cut the sleeves off. Right. Cut off. Oh, this one over here too is the Festival of the Holidays Spirit jersey 2025 with Spaceship Earth on the top of it and then Figment in his sweater down here. You could be fully decked out wearing Figment's sweater and his ears and a little purse while wearing the the blanket and then you buy an ornament and then when it gets too hot you take off your shirt and then there's the passholder shirt underneath. Man, I'm telling you, you're Figment. Oh, you got to be carrying your Figment plush, too. I do love the plush. I don't like usually buy plushies ever, but I kind of want that one. Right. So, as we're heading towards World Showcase, we're kind of over near the Imagination Pavilion where Figment's ride is. Oh, also we're we're not doing it at this moment, but Figment is meeting and greeting in his holiday sweater. Oh, yeah. Inside, right? In his sweater. So, um that's another thing to look out for cuz that's a really fun meet and greet. But this is also something that's unique to International Festival of Holidays is this holiday kitchen just has nuts. Ooh. Cinnamon glazed almonds, cashews, pecans, and then fire roasted chestnuts. I don't think I've ever had a chestnut. I don't know if I have either. I feel like I say this and then and then I had it. I think you did. Okay. And eggnog. Don't forget the eggnog. Bubble gum milk. But you can see the fire right there. There. They're fire roasting them. You can see the big tub of nuts right there. They're not actually fire roasting any at the moment, but you can see there they are. Are those the chestnuts? Yes. Are these the finished ones? These the finished ones. Oh, look at that. Oh my. Oh, yeah. Look, they're sitting on top of like a burning thing. So, right next to the nut the nut hut. Is that a good name for it? Should we call it that? They probably don't want us to call it that, but we should do it anyway. I'm going to call it the nut hut. Um, there's a sensey thing where you can smells good in here. Oh, you smell this hole? Yeah. Experience the scent below of Christmas cottage. Does it smell like you're in a Christmas cottage? Oh, so it smells like these smells. Oh, orange and raspberries. Clove and spice. This festive home smells oh so nice. Kind of smells good. I mean, it does. Yeah, there's a bunch of different ones. Yeah, let's see. Silver bells. What a bell smell like. So, whenever I think of like silver, it's like metallic. Like you're sucking on a penny. It is. Let's see. This wintry aroma smells as clear as a bell. Vanilla and pear. It smells like a caramel. That's not what pennies smell or taste like. Well, these are bells, not pennies. So, we all know what pennies taste like, right? When I was a kid, all we had to eat were pennies. Our next booth is No Buena Cosina. And then this year that's new is the ham roll. It looks good, right? It does look really good, actually. Traditional Russian Christmas bread, rolled ham, raisins, and green olives. Getting in line. Yeah, me too. Also, you will notice there are a lot of cookies at the booth. That is because they do a holiday cookie stroll where you can eat five cookies and you get five stamps and then you get a completer treat from Sweets and Treats. So, this was $6. It looks good. It looked better in the picture. I was going to look how this one is a little Well, it's so skinny. Well, they're like this side thick. So, I feel like Disney Well, that's good. It means it's hand cut, but like cut it a little thicker. You got to look at the bright side of it. It's a hand cut. Oh, I thought it would be chewier. Like, I thought you would have a harder time getting through the crust. The bread is very good. Bread's a little sweet. Oh, okay. It could use more sauce. a little dry. Okay. The flavor is nice. Okay. I don't hate it. I probably wouldn't get it again, but I'm glad I tried it. Okay. So, I just finished the the ham bread, and I do agree with what Jen said. The ham bread. The ham bread. But I'd like to come back later in the season to see if it has changed cuz I feel like maybe they produced a lot of them this morning getting ready for the very first rush of people coming on the first day. And then later in the season they'll like have it down to a science like okay this is like we know how many to make each day and we make them fresh and they're hot and ready to go. So that's my thoughts. All right so final booth before we get to world showcase meliki maka. Everything here is returning. There's nothing new but I do love this kalúa pork. I love the lomi lomi salmon. This was like my favorite thing last year. So maybe on the way out if the line's short I'll get it. Yeah. But right now we're headed to see if we can find some new stuff. Okay, let's do we're going to head over to Mexico because Mexico all new stuff. We were talking about the cookie stroll a little bit earlier. This is the holiday sweets and treats spot where you can get your completer treat. But here is all of the cookies at every booth. Like this is every cookie that you can get at this festival. Oh, and then this is what you get. You get a little squeegee thing and some mini M&M's. Okay, this one. Yeah, let's get that. Sunshine sees it. That sounds amazing. Also, this Snickers one looks good, too. This one it look This So, this was at the Maliki Maka Kitchen. This looked amazing. Also new for this year is the uh black and white cookies Mickeyshaped. Oh, fun. Yeah. Also available at Sweets and Treats, Holiday Sweets and Treats. You can get a peppermint sundae and then hot hot cocoos. But this year new is a festive flight of different hot cocoas from Joffrey's. Sugar cookie, gingerbread, and cookie butter. Do you want to try it? Uh yeah. Are you ready? You ready for some sweets? I think I can do that. All right. So, they gave us a card so we know that it is Christmas sugar cookie, gingerbread hot cocoa, and cookie butter. Make sure you can see our little man. Oh, yeah. He's in like a little hot tub. It's like a very festive hot tub. Look at him go. I'm excited to try these. Like, these sound delicious. I'm kind of excited for the cookie butter one the most, I think. Do you want to try that one first? Should I? Yeah, why not? Okay. Cheers. Okay. You ready? Yeah. I'll cheers that lady. Cheers. Cheers. I'll cheers. She's choosing a baby. went at Epcot, you know. Okay. It's not overly hot, which is great. Um, just tastes like regular hot chocolate to me. Oh, no. That's the cookie butter one. Yeah. It's very delicious flavor, but doesn't I don't It's not giving cookie butter. Oh, no. I got my hair in my mouth. Say you got some hair in your mouth. You're getting the flavor of hair. This one's extra hairy. Oh, it's good. It just doesn't It's a little creamier than regular hot chocolate, but it's pretty delicious. Oh, I like these cups, too. Corrugated cardboard. And so you won't drop it. Okay. Yeah. The flavor of hot cocoa overpowers the cookie butter, but it is just barely there. Do you taste it? Yeah. Just on the I had to take a big swig. All right. What's next? We're going to do the middle one. I don't know how anybody can take a big swig out of this. I mean, yes. Oh, let me get my little guy. So, when I had a better days, there was this this game you would play. It was called like King's Cup or something where you would have to make up rules. Do you remember that game? And one of the rules was you had to take the little man off your drink before you drink it. And if you forgot to take the little man off, it's invisible, right? If you forgot to take them off, you had to take a drink. And so this is like the real little man. There he is. Take your little man off before you drink. Yeah. Who baked these little men? I don't know, but they're so cute. I do taste the gingerbread. I actually I'm not a big fan of gingerbread, but I'm a big fan of this. Oh, yeah. Good. It's really good. It's It's like spiced. It's a little like warms your throat. Oh, I like that. That's what I need. Yeah. I think I like this better than the cookie butter. Okay. Really good. Here we go. I'm going to try to eat the little man. Did you eat him? Yeah. I I just said I'm going to eat the little man. I was saving him. Not anymore. What the heck? Yeah. This has way more flavor. Yeah, it's good than the cookie butter one. That one wasn't bad, but this one's just butter. Tastes like Well, I also had the gingerbread. Like a ginger snap is what it was like. So, that one was cookie butter. This one's sugar cookie. Okay. Okay. You want to try it first? Yeah, sure. Why not? I'm anticipating this one tasting a lot like vanilla. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. That smell like a candle. Oh, no. Not like a candle. Yep. That's exactly what it tastes like. Come on. Yankee candle. Oh, weird. There's like a fruity element in there. came out of nowhere. He loves sugar cookie lattes. Do you look at there's like a Oh, yeah. hot chocolate. There's like a a fruity element in there. What is that? Just says sugar cookie. Least favorite. So, for me, it's gingerbread cookie butter and then sugar cookie. I'll give you Oh, yes. I will 100% agree with that. I'm glad I tried it, though. Yeah. And there's also Olaf's Holiday Tradition Expedition where you can go around on a little scavenger hunt around trying to find Olaf enjoying these items. Once you find it, you put a sticker on that. And then you come back to say like right here to port of entry. Sometimes they'll show you what the completer prize is. Yeah. Let's find out. Yeah. These are the prizes right here. You get Sven and Kristoff. You get Olaf or Anna and Elsa on a plate. You get to choose one. Yeah. Okay. There you go. So, it should be known that like the $12 that you're paying for this piece of paper is you're just paying $12 for that plate, right? It was a cool plate. It was a cool plate. Yeah. I'd like to get all three. It would cost me a a cool $66. $66. Is your math correct on that? I never said I would. Plus 24 + 12. I'm not a math teacher. I'm a YouTuber. Yeah, it's true. Let's try with 36. $36. Is it 36? Yeah, it is. Is it 36? Yeah. I was just testing you. Really? Minus 3 cents. Testing you guys in the in the comments cuz I know you're commenting right now. What is happening? Figment. Oh, he looks like he's melted on top of there. He looks sad in this, right? Why does he look so sad? I don't know. This is a new exclusive Disney parks figment Epcot dangle charm. Oh, there it is. World Showcase collection as well. You can only get here. Oh, those are all the different ones from World Showcase. Oh, I love the nutcracker. Where? Right here. That's so Mickey. Oh, look at Stitch. Oh, yeah. That's beautiful. Actually, these are two new Stitch ones. And then we have a bunch of holiday stuff we have on our tray. A This one here is going to be our Mickey sorcerer hat. It's 14 karat gold plated with a lab grown diamond at the top. So, it's limited edition. You won't have it forever. A diamond. Yes, a diamond. Oh my goodness. Wow. Our Mickey Mini Santa ones that came out. And then this one's here is our trio set for the year. It's always comes out during the holidays and that's only exclusive to the parks after the holidays. Really? Yeah. Got to get a closer look at this Figment. I'm It's so tiny. The details. It's so little. I mean, that's why he looks kind of like melty over there. Yeah, I get it. I get it. I've always liked Epcot's Christmas tree. I love the snow globes. Oh, yeah. They're good. They they celebrate each different country. And there's some other ones where they have the flags from different countries, too. But also, there was a thing that was happening a few years back where the angel was moving around like it was spinning facing a different like she was haunted. Was a haunted angel. I was like, what do you mean? Yeah. I always like to show the artwork for Festival of the Holidays cuz I think it's good. Looks fantastic. Puts me in the holiday spirit. I also love that Asha is still meeting here. Oh, yeah. And she's uh got her winter wear on. Everybody slept on that movie. It was a good movie. It was. Yes. Yeah. This is the thanks I get. That's true. Yeah, it's true. I don't know if you guys can see her, but she's wearing a fairy godmother cape. Spoiler alert for the end of the movie. Or now we're at La La L Pasadada's holiday kitchen in the Mexico area. And everything is new here. All three of the food items are new. We decided to just start with just one of them, the tostada de carne. brazed beef tips, slowly cooked Mexican style, a top a fried corn tortilla with black beans, crispy onions, and queso fresco for $8. All right, we got our tostada, but we're going to head into Holiday Hearth desserts inside the Odyssey building because it's kind of windy out here and I think there's going to be tables in there. It'll be nice. I almost lost my tostada. Oh no. Oh, my tostadas. Also, inside the Odyssey, you can meet Santa Goofy. Here he is, Santa Goofy. So, we've got the tostada. It looks good and it smells good and it's still hot, which I'm excited about. Oh m crunchy. Yeah, that was your first thing. It's just crunchy. You go m crunchy. Okay, this is going to be it's going to sound bad, but I don't mean this in a bad way. It reminds me of the Dinty Moore beef stew in a in a can, you know, right? Which I used to eat those all the time as a kid. That's what the beef texture feels like in my mouth. It doesn't taste like that, but that's the texture. If you know, you know. So, it's a little chewy, but it the flavor is great. It's not spicy. There's like a little spice, but not a spicy spice, you know? Like it's just flavored well, right? The crunch is great. I love the textures. Yeah, I would eat this whole thing. Maybe I will. Oh, what? That was delicious. Like it salty and warm. And like Jen said with the Dinty Moore thing, I think it's like a springiness of the beef. And I I don't mean that in a bad way. I just mean it like I want to try to explain the texture to people who might know what I'm talking about. So you Dinty Moore folks, me, you know what we're talking about. You know, all you latch key kids. All you All those kids that spent time on the railroad tracks. Yeah, it was delicious. I would eat it again. You know what though? That's literally what I did. I know. That's what I was saying. I would just hang out on the railroad tracks. Why not? It was fun. It was fun for me. Something that wasn't on the menus is this chocolate ravioli. Cookie crusted ravioli brownie topped with white chocolate ganache and snowflake sprinkles for 550. But like it's not listed on the menu up here or it wasn't anywhere. So, this is the cranberry oatmeal cookie. And like I'm gonna take this thing out in the sun so you guys can see how sparkly this is. This is one of our items that is on the cookie stroll. And this is new for this year. Yeah. Look at how sparkly it is. Wow. It's like a disco ball cookie. Wo. What is it? Those cranberry cranberry oatmeal. Oh, that's it. Yeah. Okay. They should have done the glitter on a better cookie, I think. No. This is perfect. You got to draw attention to the cranberry oatmeal. It's getting no love. The only way you can sell it is with the glitter. Cost $3.50. It's pretty big, too. Oh, okay. What? A lot harder than I thought it was going to be. Oh no. Kind of pretty disappointed in this cookie. Oh no. Really? Oh no. It's just like a very sweet and it's so chewy. Like I know that oatmeal cookies are chewy, but it's like also crunchy. Chewy and crunchy. Chewy and crunchy. Right. I think cuz it's so thin. Oh, I heard the crunch that time. Oh no. You look like you're Are you sad? Oh, I thought you were I was doing ASMR. You go like this. You go. Yeah, that was me being sad ASMR. The cranberries are good, but yeah, it's not I wish it was like chewy more than crunchy. Okay, it's both. I I get you. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm glad you tried it. Me, too. Okay. Just want to give it a try. Tell you what, it's a good tea a good cookie for showing off your chompers. Um Yeah, I don't love it, but I'm not a cranberry cookie girl. It's a good flavor, but I want it to be soft and chewy. Me, too. All right, we are making our way towards our next booth, which will be over in China. But we're passing by Norway and Mexico pavilion. What's the wall up for? Uh I think it's just like normal like concrete work. Maybe some some horiculture. We should see when Barn Santa's coming out. Oh yeah, we just missed Barn Santa who is one of the festival favorites for like the storytellers. He's really good. But they have a sign here that tells us a little bit about like how he celebrates or how the holidays are celebrated in Norway. And they like to give gratitude to all living things like the farm animals and plants. And children all across the Norwegian countryside give thanks to the fjord fjorden who is uh the barn Santa. He guards the well-being of every family's farm. And you are supposed to leave him a steaming bowl of porridge topped with a pat of butter in the haloff on Christmas Eve. And if he doesn't get any, then you can be prepared for his mischief. Oh, what if you don't have a haloft? What if you don't have any porridge or butter? Oh, what are you going to do? Give him cream of wheat and margarine. I don't know if he'd be very happy with that. So, right now over in Mexico, they're doing loads celebration. You see, mariachi cobra is out here celebrating the holiday season. Now, Christmas in Mexico and Mexico as it is all over the world. It's all about love, right? Family, friends, and loved ones gathering together and then celebrating some beautiful cultural traditions that we all have. Every fiesta starts with some good music, right? some good music to listen to and to dance to. And along with good music, another way to celebrate, one of my favorite ways to celebrate, and we had a big one yesterday, is food, right? We have wonderful traditional dishes that we serve in Mexico like those tamales, right? Those tamalitos that we love to eat right about now. Maybe a nice warm bowl of some pole or minudo or some churado to munos. All kinds of good food. I don't know if you guys noticed this, but every time that the guy that was talking would mention a food, the band in the background go, "Oh yeah, oh yeah, me too. Oh yeah, I want all that food. But it all sounded so good. It was so fun to watch them just in the background just be like, "Oh yeah, I want that right now." And our next booth over here is in front of the China pavilion. Shanghai Holiday Kitchen. We're going to be in the barbecue charu pork fried rice. This sounds really good, too, though. The beef noodle soup bowl. Not It's a returning returning thing. Did I have it last time? Yeah, I think so, cuz it says it's housemade chili oil, and I think I remember being so spicy. That might have been a different thing though. I'm going to look at the picture. Barbecue charu pork fried rice with Chinese lang sausage, egg, yellow onion, green onion, and sesame for $9.50. I'm going to try the pork first. Good. I can't like I need to bite it, you know, to cut it. Yeah. Sorry, I didn't get any knives. It's very tender. It tastes like the five spice, like almost like cinnamon. That's interesting. I wasn't expecting it to taste like that. So, this is a little sweeter than I thought it was going to be. We get the rice and the pork together. And then there's like little bits of pork in the rice, too. It's good, but it's surprising cuz I expected it to be a little more savory. Sweet. Let me try it. Oh, sweet, dude. All right. There is like a like a glazing on the pork. Yeah, the glazing is definitely way sweeter than I thought it was going to be. It's almost like if you got sweet and sour pork without the sour. Yeah. Yeah. The rice is kind of like crunchy rice. Yeah. It almost tasted like it was It's not cooked all the way. Yeah. or like leftover, not leftover rice, but you know how the texture of leftover rice is. That's the kind of texture it has. The pork was good. Pork was good. The pork was tender. It was cooked really well. It was a delicious delicious pork. But I was expecting the pork to be more smoky. M. Okay. And it wasn't. Gotcha. Yeah. I'm glad we tried it, though. We were just talking to some friends and we were kind of talking about how um there's not a lot of savory options, right? Cuz it's mainly about like the sweets and the cookies. So, we do have the African Outpost coming up next and they've got a shrimp. Oh, okay. I do love a shrimp. So, our next spot was the African Outpost or the refreshment outpost. And right now, they have a spiced shrimp stew on Jolaf rice, but there's no pictures of it. So, they didn't have a picture of the shrimp stew. No, but somebody walked by with it and it did look very delicious, but it also looked huge. So, because you're not going to eat any of it, I want to save room for like we we we're not even halfway around yet. We're like a a third a quarter of the way around. So, I feel like we have to come back definitely. That's my promise six more times to you is that we're coming back. Look at So, we recently learned about nutcrackers and Oliver and Jackson love nutcrackers. So, I don't understand this one. It's I think they're different like states or countries. Yeah, because here's one. He's just got a bottle of champagne. I think this guy is the the Oh, yeah. He loves the flag. He loves He loves the leaning tower of chea. Oh, yeah. This guy is just wine. It's just wine. He's got like a bottle of wine and some grapes and some corks. Oh, so Holly and Kurt Adler created the nutcracker. They created the nutcracker. This one. Oh, Canada. They've got like a a log cabin for a hat. It lights up. Yeah. I like his little boots. Oh, the top of it though. That's awesome. $28. The heck. Why are they $28? Cuz it does that. Oh my gosh. I'd pay $35 for this. Don't say that too loud. Jeez. Yeah, that's pretty expensive, is it? It's not a toy. Oh, it's not. I don't know what it is then. What is it? I'm not sure. It says real big. It's not a toy. This is giving me Al's toy barn vibes. I feel like Jackson and Oliver would love this, but then they can't play with it. What a tease. What What is it if it's not a toy? I think it's maybe just like a decoration. Okay, you should put it on the dash of your car so that when you're driving around, it's like doing this whole thing. Passing by Bravaria. And there's nothing new on the menu here. Some definitely some delicious returning favorites though. Well, so we talked to somebody earlier and they said this was the best cookie. Oh yeah. The hazelnut laser cookie with raspberry, right? So we just ran into Molly and we saw her fondue. It looked a little like liquidy, so I don't think I'm going to get it. So go watch her video and see what she thought of it. But um but let's go to You want to go to the next one? Yeah. Came over to see the train sets going through. Where's the uh Is there anything Christmy about this? I think it's over here. Jen, there was a guy wearing a conductor's hat looking at the trains. There was? Yeah. Oh, he loves them. Yeah. So, there's like Festival of the Holidays banners around. Is it? Oh, yeah, it is. But I'm not seeing Oh, no. That man, he had one one too many around the world. Oh, no. He can't hang. But like where uh where's the There should be a Christmas tree or something, right? I don't I'm not well verssed on my on my train sets. Well, this is supposed to be Germany, right? Yeah. There should be a Christmas market, right? With a pickle in it. Well, the a Christmas tree with a pickle in it. Yeah. Is that a real thing? So, somebody told us it wasn't, but then somebody else told us it was. So, I don't know. I think it's if if you have a pickle in your heart, it's for you. You have a pickle in your heart, you need to go to the doctor. Call the cardiologist. Right here at Tuscany Holiday Kitchen. We're going to be getting the house fried pizza dough. No, no, not this one. This one. The pizza chocolato and the pepperoni, sweet sausage, roasted peppers, and fkasha sounds good. But I will say I have said that about Italy before where I say it looks good. And they get me. Somebody did say she said, what did she say? She said, "I'm from New York, so I know Italian and this was good." So, I'm going to take her word for it. Three people tell us that this stuff is good from the Italy pavilion. All right, let's see. So, let's see. So, we got up to there and they said, "We're out of chocolate pizza." And I said, and we said, "When does that mean forever? Like, when will it be back?" And she said, "We don't know." They said, "The kitchen is working on it." She said, "I don't have a precise hour." And I was like, "Okay, we'll take the sausage." Yeah. So, we got the sausage instead. She I asked her how to pronounce it and she said, "Suchicha." Salucha e pepperon. Pepperon. So, this is just sausage, like Italian sausage with bread. But there's no pepperoni. So, does that mean peppers? Maybe. Okay. The sweet sausage with peppers. Oh, no. What is this face? You're pondering a lot. Has like zero flavor to it. Really? Yeah. Maybe it needs the bread. It comes with the ficasha bread. It does have a little bit of a spice at the end. Does it? Yeah. Like the slightest spice. When they say sweet peppers, what do they mean? Or I mean sweet sausage. What do they mean? I mean like a sweet. It's like you kind you get on a pizza. Uh okay. Just it was like a slowburn flavor. So it is heavily like pepper flavored. Just tastes like green peppers. I don't hate it. Okay. I think it has a nice flavor. Okay. I think you like want to not like it because Italy usually doesn't have I wanted it to be a bigger flavor maybe. Do you think? Yeah. Let me try this bread. So the bread isn't like super, you know, extraordinary, but I like bread in sauce. You just end it there. It's just nice. I like bread. Yeah. But like with the sauce, it's very good. Yeah. I think you know what? I think I like this. Okay, there you go. Italy, you did it. Look at you. Good. Way to go. You can see people have already started to form a line for Candlelight Personal. So, the Candlelight Personal takes place here in the America Gardens Theater and it is a retelling of the Nativity with celebrity narrators. There's also a choir and herald trumpets. And tonight's celebrity is Constance Woo from Fresh Off the Boat or Crazy Rich Agents. Yeah. Also, I was in this. You did it? Yeah. In middle school, people fainted all around you. I have in high school. Yeah. Everybody Every person to the side of me fainted. I was so scared I was going to faint. I didn't. But if you if you're from Orlando and you are in the Candlelight Processional, don't lock your knees. Whatever you do. I know it's hard. Don't do it. But there are three show times tonight. 5:00 p.m., 6:45, and 8:15. And right now it is 4:00. And like I showed you, people have already started queuing up for the 5:00 p.m. showing. So you're telling me she's going to read the whole Bible three times? No, just the nativity. So, let's see. Here's a list of the celebrity narrators. We got Constance Woo tonight. Jordan Fischer, I saw that guy. Susan Egan. I know her. I don't know her, but I've met her. Ashley Actine. Met her. Ralph Machio. Leslie Ugams. She's the grandma from Deadpool. Marley Matlin. She's an actress. Henry Winkler. Lauren Dagel, who is a Christian singer. Gary Senise. Brendan Frasier. Oo, Brendon Frasier. Yeah. Luis Fonzi from Despisto fame, also a local person. Joel David Smallbone, also another Christian singer. Brie Larson and Cheryl Lee Ralph from Avid Elementary and Moisha and Moisha, but also you're just your commentary. I'm sorry. When I'm when I'm witnessing it in person like and I know what I have to edit later, it's just it's wild to me. Sometimes I don't know what to say, but I do know what to say cuz I like research who these people are and like of local fame. Of local fame. He he went to Dr. Phillips High School. That's just funny. Which blows me away. The Jesspazto guy went to Dr. Phillips High School. Dr. Phillips had a lot of famous people, right? It's right behind Universal Studios, you know, just that's it's where we we breathe the fame. Yeah, Universal Studios. There's a sign here that says Candlelight Processional information. It's you. Me? Not me. Yeah, you're arrow points to you. I know nothing. Okay, I got some information for you. Um Luis Foni of local fame of local will be will be presenting the Bible. The whole Bible three times in one night. Jeez, sounds difficult. This is the second Christmas tree here in the American Pavilion or at the America booth. It's a very like pretty I like this one. Yeah. Yeah. I like this one a lot. So, we're going to the American holiday table for a cookie. These are two returning favorites right here. The chocolate cookie featuring Snickers bar pieces and salted caramel. Brand new this year. $3.75. Okay, this looks promising. This does look so good. Oh, no. Sorry, I zoomed way in. I wish that the uh like the Snickers went to the outside so I could get a Snicker bite right now. Oh, you'll just have to take more than one bite. Oh, darn. It's the perfect the perfect like consistency. This is what I wanted the oatmeal cookie to taste like. Well, it's not going to taste like a Snickers. No, you know what I mean? Like the soft cookie. But it has um caramel on it. And you're not a caramel guy. No, I just choked on a little bit. Oh, it's not like heavily caramel flavored. Let me get a closeup of this nougat. Ooh, nougat. What is nougat? Um just delicious like sugary bits. Take a quick bite while you take a closeup of it. M. It's so good. This is the first bite with Snickers in it. Wow. It's very rich. It's so chewy and delicious. Ooey gooey. Very chewy. Almost tastes like chocolate caramel. Is that a thing? Maybe. My teeth. It's all in my teeth. Yeah. No, not really. Just a little bit. Peanuty, buttery, chocolatey. The perfect dessert. I know. There's a meal deal that they do for the Cantalife Professional seating. So, these people did the meal deal and they'll get in first. But look at that line down there. Whoa. This is where we're heading. Well, it is said that by drinking so we will spirit within ourselves and prevent sickness within the mile of our home. Then I run to the mailbox to check out the beautiful new year greeting cards called Ningo from family and friends. So everyone in Japan gets into the spirit of oshogas enjoying the symbolism beautiful customs of the new year like a wish of the dharma doll wish that I made for all those years ago actually came true the daruma dolls also do you see all the cranes in the tree oh they're like origami but they're made of like clay yeah that's cool so she was having a little bit of microphone trouble but she is the storyteller for Japan here this is one of the features of the festival of the holidays It's my favorite part of this festival. I love the storytellers. Yes. They're so good. Yeah. So, the the Daruma dolls are a sign of perseverance and good luck. Ooh. And she said at the end there was like this um like a what do you call it? Like a a good wish of good fortune almost. And she said, "May your what are they called? Darumas. They may their eyes always be painted." Oh, yeah. That one doesn't have its eyes painted. Oh. Uhoh. What does that mean? I don't know. Next up, Shiwasu. And the highlight of this booth is Allan right there. Just Allan. Strawberry bun is what we're here for. A soft pink dessert bow containing street strawberry cream filling finished with a light coconut sauce for $7.95. Look at how adorable they made it. I said, "Look at how cute that is." Then she said, "I drew it." Oh, she did. Yeah. It's like a straw. Oh, it's like evaporated milk. Oh. M. That guy's wearing a shirt that says, "I don't give a schnitle." Schnitle. Oh, so that is finished with a light coconut sauce containing sweet strawberry cream filling. Did you say sweet? Sweet. It's so sweet. In the picture, it kind of looked like a hot dog was inside. It's not. Oh, I mean, I know it's not, but it kind of looked like a hot dog. If Lzo was a dessert, it'd be this. Yeah, cuz he smells like strawberries. Yeah. And he kind of looks like this. Yeah. He's probably not as This thing's probably not as mean as Lzo. This is very warm. Ooh, I like that. Oh my goodness. Looks just like a hot dog in there. Okay, I'm going to take a bite. You like it? I'm not usually a fan of sweet bath. Oh, okay. Wait. It's good. It tastes like strawberry jam but like different. But it tastes like strawberry jam. I like that it's warm cuz I'm very cold right now. If it was chocolate, oh man, I would love this. Oh yeah. But strawberry is not like my first choice. Our wedding cake was strawberry. I like fresh strawberries. Okay, I should I should retract that. I like fresh strawberries, but this How do you What is this? Is this like a strawberry bean paste? No, it just said strawberry cream filling. The outside, the bun. It's bun. It's very good. It's like warm. It's chewy, but not too chewy. The paste I just wish was a different flavor. It's pretty good. The bun is not as sweet as I want it to be. Like the bow itself. I do like that it's warm. Yeah, I do too. I'm so cold. But I don't think I would get this again. Okay, fair. But I do like it. Yeah, I like it better than their little like red bean fish that they used to give us. I like the red bean. But see, there you go. We We each like different things. So don't, you know, come and try it for yourself. Don't necessarily take our word for it. You might love things that we don't love and, you know, vice versa, right? There is a booth inside of Morocco, but there's nothing new there this year in her winter wear. Here she is. Oh, Pier Noel, another storyteller in France. Oh, she's a girl. A big she to see what I have for you. Getting in line at France cuz we've got some new stuff. This is like roasted turkey with mushrooms, pearl onions, bacon, turkey gravy, and roasted sweet potatoes for 9.25. Yes. Okay. I asked Alice at the France uh booth. She's called it don roti. So, this is what we got. This is like a turkey dinner. Looks fantastic. We also got the macaron. I like it when everything every like food item at the booth costs the same thing. Everything's $9.25. Some of them might be overpriced. Even the macaron. Gar Noel is leaving. Got to get his little bag on. Get this to you. Yeah, if it if it gets me on the nice list, I'll give it to you. Now, France, we have no list. Oh, I missed your story. I'm so sorry. You just lied to Pierre Noel. We're not going to be there. Oh gosh. Now I'm really Hey, there's no naughty list. Oh, that's good. Look at that. I did it. Got to admit, this turkey dinner looks pretty good. Is it like mustard? That's mustard seeds, right? Yeah, I think so. Ooh. Okay. And this thing is way bigger than I thought it was going to be. Oh, yeah, it is. You think it's $9.25 big? Uh, Disney prices? Yeah. Okay. Regular world prices? No. This is like that that contestant that show where you have to try to get it exactly down the center. Oh yeah. Oh, it's like Yeah, cuz it's chewy kind of. So, one side's going to look nice and one side's going to look look not nice. I think both sides are going to look not nice. Oh, you think? All right. So, this is a gingerbread flavor. It's a gingerbread macaron. That's the most That's the most gingerbread thing I've ever had in my life. Oh, really? like ginger. Like it's so ginger it almost tastes like citrus. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, weird. Try this. What is it? The the cream or like both? Well, there's like Okay. Oh, yeah. Right. Tastes like lemony, right? M. But it doesn't have the bite of ginger. I feel like there probably is a citrus in there. Yeah. It almost tastes like like lemon. Yeah. Weird. But yeah, I wouldn't I don't know if I'd eat that again. I'm excited for the turkey. You get a little turkey. You got some mushrooms. There's also bacon in there somewhere. Oh, really? I can taste it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's like a little smoky turkey and bacon. Sounds good. And the little onion. Oh, pearl onions. That's pretty good. Yeah. This is something that I feel like it's either this or the turkey dinner in America. Those are like the things that I would want to come to Festival of the Holidays for. Yeah, this is what I want. Cookies are good, but this is where it's at. You know, you can only eat so many cookies. This is very good. The very first year it was full plates. I know we talk about this all the time. I think the first year was like really where it was at. Yeah, there's so many onions in this. Oh my gosh. If you could travel back in time, what year was that? I don't know, 2017. It had to have been like 2015 or 2014. I'm going to look it up and see. I'll I'll link it down below. our very first festival of the holidays video from the very first one, but that was the year to go. Right. That's very good. Highly recommend. I think that and the thing from Mexico, the tostada are my two faves so far. Yeah. Well, I need to try this now. I'm excited. Their Christmas decorations up here in the UK. Also, it's starting to get like packed. Yeah. I think we are going to start to call it a day. You ready to experience the magic square? I am. The magic square. Okay, I'm going to do the square for the first time. Your first time doing the square. My first time. Oh, dear Disney, whoever it was, whoever came up with the magic square, brilliant. Brilliant. Never been done before. Phenomenal showstoppping. Like, why is that so much fun for everybody? I don't know. It just is. It's great. There's no way to explain it, right? That is Disney right there. The magic square. All right, we're going to start making our way towards the front of the park. I get joyful. They're going off right now. Yeah, it's also getting too cold for us. It is freezing. Oh my gosh. So, we're making our way to the front. We're making our way to the front where it's warm in our car. We're homebound. How we doing on this side? Oh, like power. Joyful, joyful Lord, we adore thee. And in my life, I put none before thee. Cuz since I was a youngster, I came to know that you was the only way to go. So I had to grow and come to an understanding. And I'm down with the king. So now I'm demanding. But you tell me who you down to be. Cuz I know that I'm down with G. You know, G. Yeah, you know me. You know, G. Yeah, you know me. Who down G? Yeah, you know me. Everybody the morning be. We simply call them joyful. Please enjoy the rest of your day here at the Epcot International Festival of the Holidays. We'll see you again soon. But remember, wherever you go, whatever you do, spread joy. There is no way that you cannot be joyful watching Joyful. Oh, no. They're so good. I'm not like I'm not a religious person, but like I feel it. Oh, yeah. Like they make me feel God. It's so good. Ah, man. The best part. Best part of the festival of the holidays. 100%. Every dad that I see wearing a Star Wars sweater, I kind of go, "H," and then they look at me like I'm crazy. But they're like, "You and me, Star Wars sweaters. Star Wars sweater dogs." Not even dark yet. They've already started doing the shows on Spaceship Earth. Ooh, the show for Festival of the Holidays started. Let's see if we can catch it. Just kidding. It didn't start, but Spaceship Earth is lit up like a candy cane or a peppermint swirl. What would you call that? You just got festival of the holidays. So, I want to say I love this festival so much. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll eat good food. You'll meet characters. You'll learn the real meaning behind the season. Yeah. You'll, you know, it's just amazing. You'll see Constance Woo walking by you in Germany. Oh, yeah. We did. Did we tell them that? No, I didn't tell you. She walked right by us. Yeah. Yeah. She was all plaid and they were like just exploring Epcot. She's the person that's presenting the candle processional tonight. Yeah. She's narrating. She just hanging out in Epcot. It's pretty cool. That's the way that it is. Oh, is it happening? and we met so many of you. We saw friends. It was a lot of fun. I love this this festival. I love this and festival of the arts. Two favorite festivals. That's the next one that's coming up. So, I'm super excited about it. We're gonna try to come back again because we did miss some food items and we did miss some storytellers. So, I want to come back and see them. Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price. Heat. Heat. N.
