---
video_id: DURd7hHEAR4
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Destiny Family Cruise Day3! | Morning Chat, Castaway Cay Fun & Pirate Night!"
published: 2025-12-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DURd7hHEAR4
---
Good morning from day three of our Disney Destiny cruise. Today's video is sponsored by Turo. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning everybody and welcome to Castaway Key. So everybody woke up at 6:30 this morning. Yeah. Oliver was singing Golden except for it was the cat version. So meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. And then also he came into the bed and he's like there were a thousand snakes in my bathtub last night. He said, "There was a really big snake in my bathtub and a lizard." Yeah, that didn't happen. No, he's has a big imagination. Can you tell me about the big snake? What? How many were there? Just one? Oh, three. What was the name of the big snake? Five. There's five. Five snakes in the bathtub. Yeah. What was the name of the big snake? All of the name Betsy. All of the snakes are named Betsy. There's a snake at the science center that he sees all the time named Betsy. So, I think he had a dream about a million snakes in my bathtub. I'll call Mr. Butt. Oh my goodness. Snakes don't even have butts. What? Do they not? They have buttholes. And now we're going to go have some breakfast. Should we go to the sit down breakfast? Breakfast. You love that sit down breakfast. I just It's so much easier. It's not. It never is. Why is it not? Because they're they're like I can get them food right away at Marceline and they're good to go. And then if we sit down at the sitown restaurant, they're like like this. You know what I really want this morning is um I want to eat coffee from the coffee like place or like whatever. One of the places, you know. Yeah. Oh, there's coffee at Marceline. Another perk. The coffee bar. Yeah. Yeah. Um and it's the same menu. Yep. Oh, okay. That's what I want. Yeah. All right, I'm going to breakfast. We're going to go to Marceline Market, get some coffee, get some uh all meat omelets, you know, see what the special thing is today. My favorite thing to get on the uh breakfast buffet of any Disney cruise ship is the fried rice. I forgot to ask you. What? Did you try a hash brown? Yeah, they were weird. They got onions. Yeah, they were like different. They were They've got onions in them. Yeah. All right, we made it into Marceline Market. But I have one suggestion for Disney. So the silverware, right? The first spot to get it is past chef's counter, but we like to sit up in this direction cuz less people set up here. Put one of these like silverware trays right here. It's like plop right there. Not that one. This morning instead of a donut, Jackson asked for chocolate chip pancakes. I got And you got salsa. And you also got some fruit and a Mickey waffle and bacon. and potato and potato and pancakes. Bacon and potato and pancakes. And here's Jen's. Jen always gets these the rice and stuff like that first thing first thing in the morning. All right, we're headed down to the island. Going to Castaway Key. Also, I'm excited because the Christmas decorations are up on Castaway. So, we love a good Christmas island. So, Stitch is out here meeting and greeting with everybody. The Christmas tree is up and the snowmen or sandmen are out. You call them Sandman. That's like the Spider-Man villain, right? The Sandman. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, look. It's the like sand toy Mickey on the top. That's fun. Like the thing that the sand toys come in. Oh, that's funny. Warm wishes from Castaway Key. Sand people. They have the inaugural ones on this island. The inaugural ones. They didn't have these on Lookout yesterday. We're almost halfway to having our names on this ship's doing something really loud right now, but we're finally getting a good look at Spider-Man and the Spiderbats on the back of the Disney Destiny. The first time a Marvel character has ever been featured as a stern character on a Disney Cruise Line ship. All the Christmas decorations on Castway are a good Christmas on an island. But before we head on the tram, here's a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Turo. Turo is the world's largest car sharing marketplace with over 1,600 makes and models of cars available in the United States, the UK, Canada, Australia, and France. Turo is also available at over 140 airports across the United States and Canada. That means you can book the exact car you want ahead of your trip and have it waiting for you at the airport's Turo location when you land. You never have to worry about waiting in line at a rental counter again. We recently used Turo when I went to Las Vegas and the process was so simple. I just picked the car up right at the airport. I booked the car ahead of time and then I checked the Turo app when I landed for the exact instructions on where to pick the car up. And depending on the airport, you pick up either the car at the designated airport parking lots or garages or even curbside. And then I got into the car and headed right to my hotel. It saved me so much time. We also used Turo to book a car the last time we went to Hawaii and they dropped it off right at the hotel we were staying at. We were even able to add car seats so we didn't have to worry about lugging our own car seats with us on vacation. It definitely simplified the entire trip. Both times were so simple. And best of all, no waiting in line at the rental counter so we can get right to our vacation. I know a lot of you are going to be traveling this holiday season. So, be sure to check the Turo app to book the exact car you want. Skip the rental counter and hit the road faster. So, thank you to Turo for sponsoring today's video. And be sure to click the link in the description down below or use the QR code on the screen to try Turo for yourself. And now back to the video. Goofy's being a good lookout making sure we're doing okay. Yeah, you're doing great, Goof. I like Minnie's skirt. It's very like Epcot in the8s. It does look like Epcot. Yeah. the the space the space ones. Yeah, but put them in the water. So, we got our spot here and there's like a lot of empty seats out here. I'm kind of I guess a lot of What' you find? Oh, that's weird. Is it a jibbit? Oh, it was a jibbit. I thought it was a shell. I'm like, this is Looks like a Pokémon. Yeah. What is it? The uh I think it's a gibbit. Yeah, but what is it of? Like a pumpkin ghost. Oh, but a lot of people that we talked to um said they were staying on the ship. Yeah, everybody. Yeah. This is my good skipping rock. You ready? It's a good skipping rock. This is a perfect one. She skips it like a like a frisbee. Okay, daddy's going to try. Oh no. What the heck? Now we lost it forever. Why did you guys throw it like this? Okay, let me try to find this. Mommy's going to go swim out there and find it. Good luck. Mommy's getting cold. You can tell by the way she's walking on her tippy toes. A little baby. No, not with fish. Little baby barracuda. There's a little barracuda here. Here's your pro tip. The ocean water's cold in the winter, so be prepared. Be prepared. I'll hold you, buddy. Let me get Oliver to daddy. Are you coming? It's Oliver Shark. Oliver Shark. Are you swimming? Yeah. How does the water feel? Good. Is the water hot or cold? Cold. Time for us to get out of the water cuz Oliver is cold. Wild. You cold, buddy? M. No, no, you're not. Look at his little teeth. Look at his little teeth. He's telling me that he's not cold. We should get out. So, Jackson came over to the splash pad over here. Oh, there's nobody over here. Look at this thing. I do like this for the nostalgia of it, but I feel like they need to redo this splash pad. Oh. Oh, there it goes. Look at you. That was cool. Did you come to look see what Jackson was doing? No. You want to go in the splash pad? It's warmer. Wa! You're making it spray really big. You standing on it? Yeah. You guys ready for lunch? Whoa. Oh, no. All right. So, it was a very short trip to the island. It's 12:15 now. We got here at like It was a very short but fun trip. Yeah, we got here at like 11:15. No, we got here at like 10:30. Push it on this buddy. So, we're going to head back to the ship for some lunch. Get Oliver down for his nap. This island does have wagons available. But this island, this wagon's not doing so good. They also have some wheelchairs for the sand. And also some shoulders. No, there's nobody in the driver's seat. They can't go anywhere. Hope to see you. The Disney Destiny. We're headed back to the ship now. Playing some Christmas music, too. All right. This camera doesn't zoom very far in, but there's Spider-Man. A better look at him on the back of the Destiny. Santa Claus admit one for December 25th. I'm like really interested in this whole setup cuz these are divers. You can see some of their gear there and they went down underneath and they were doing something to the ship. It's a brand new ship making sure that it's aok. Okay. Keeping it up. Ship shape. Ship shape. Ship shape. That's what that's from, right? Oo. Ship pun. I don't think it's a pun. I think that's what they say. Oh, is it? I think it's like a real It's like a piratey phrase. A ship phrase. A ship phrase. Are you a pirate? It is pirate night. Oh, yeah. I'm going to go out there. I'm going to say, "Captain Hook, I hope you keep this ship here in ship shape." and I'll ask him what the shape of the ship is. All right, we're back on the ship and we're going to go to lunch at Marceline Market. So, originally I told my sister has the kids right now. We're meeting. We just had to get our dry clothes on. So, I told her to go down to 1923 so we could do the lunch there, the sit down lunch, but I forgot that they don't normally do that when you're at the um islands because everybody's at chuchu or uh cookies. So, they they don't have the sit down lunch on those days, right? So now we're going to meet them at Marcel. I was looking forward to Oh yeah. Yeah. I also got to say for the preview cruise I was on deck 11. For this cruise we're on deck 10. Perfect. I love that. It's so easy to get to the restaurants and everything. I think it's probably the best. Like I think it's my favorite decks to stay on. 10 and 11. Very convenient. Yeah. At night when you're going to fill up the water bottles one deck up, fill it up. Or if you're on 11, just walk out there and fill it up. Right there. We came in to Marceline Market. We got some interesting stuff. You got some green beans, some rice, some steak. Oh, no, those are lamb chops, but they do have sirloin or stripline steak, but they don't have any right now. And they've got some zitar roasted chicken. They got turkey breast, potatoes, carrots, shakureris. They've got breads, chicken tikka masala, plant-based chicken, red Thai curry, salmon teriyaki with toasted sesame, carrot, fried plantains, somatan lamb curry, fried pork pot stickers. for the kids. They've got peas and carrots, meatloaf, macaroni and cheese, some French fries. There's chicken tenders somewhere. Oh, they don't have any out right now, but there will be chicken tenders right there. They've got some soups. Split yellow pea soup. Cream of tomato soup. Some salads available. Some salads with chicken. Another salad. Quinoa. Soprio. Berry Perry chicken tenders. Fried clam strips. Assortments of desserts here. Chocolate chip cookies. Some hard pack ice cream in here. Vanilla ice cream. Strawberry ice cream and chocolate ice cream. And then chocolate fudge pudding over here. Oh yeah. And there's nothing in the back back here. I don't I believe it's Oh, no. There's a couple things back here. What is this? Oh, this is where you get the seafood. All the cold shrimp back here. Hello. How can I help you in? Oh, I'm good. I don't need any of this stuff. But it looks good. All right. Thank you, though. This is tuna steak. This is fresh chips, calamari, asparagus, and palenta cakes. Gotcha. Very good. That's it. Thank you. Look at how beautiful Castaway is today, man. Here's my uh completely grown-up plate. I got palenta. Ooh. Oh, is that what that was? Yeah. Okay. That was back with the shrimp. M. Where's the shrimp? In the back. What? Did I miss it? Yeah, it's all peeling each shrimp with huge piles of it. Oh, that. Okay, I got to go get some of that. Yeah. I got some teriyak salmon, some carrots, steak. Um, this had a special name, but it's green beans and potatoes and like a tomato sauce, some Perry Perry chicken. This is actually one of my favorite things. I got tomato soup, a quinoa salad, the cheese plate. Oh my gosh. And some pasta. But I got some of this for the kids to eat, too. Oliver will eat the pasta. Okay, that's about it. There you go. The real reason that you come to Marceline Market. This is like a chocolate pudding with some vanilla hard pack on top and chocolate chip cookies. I've never been standup paddle boarding and I think I'd like to try it one of these times that we come to Castaway. This is actually our last time at Castaway this year. Oh no, I just realized that. Seems like we showed up at just the right time cuz they're shutting it down now. This one's for Deadpool. Hooptie Hooptie, do a review. All right. So, now we are headed to deck 5 midship cuz we're going to finish our haunted mansion. There's Edge back behind us. I didn't do any of the kids clubs on this ship. I did the I did Oceaner Club. Oh, they have an inaugural sailings thing that you can do for the Destiny for photo pass. Oh, well, that's fun. So, they do have like a whole thing that you can set up or you can do like a photo shoot around like the island or around the ship. Wow. And they have colored lights, which is fun. You know what? This has really really reminded me of Star Cruiser. Just the whole experience. I just saw this the dark saber and just the whole thing really has reminded me of it's it's giving Star Cruiser vibes. But this when you could do the um the photo shoot around Star Cruiser. Yeah, I should explain that. That was Shutters that we were just in. And Shutters is where you can talk to them about your photos if you have issues with your photos. You can also preview your photos on these kiosks. This is a DVC uh preview center. You Oh no, she's going to go buy DVC. Look at her. I just want to see the model. Oh, is this the room? This is where we stayed. This is the island tower. This is the room that we stayed in. Remember? Was it a onebedroom? Yeah. Yeah. What's that back there? Oh, that's the bathroom. We did stay in this room. Yeah, I took a shower in there. I pooped in this bathroom. Oh my goodness. I pooped in the neighbor's bathroom. That's what I did. Oh, yeah. We watched the fireworks from our balcony out here. Yeah, we've done it. We did that. Pretty cool. So, yeah, we're going over here. Look at this. There's nobody out here. Oh, something that Ray pointed out that I thought was interesting is the the the little like long diamond looking things are That's Tala's necklace. Black Panther's like his necklace that he wears. Going to be like 6,000 videos of this happy hunt by the end of this cruise. Oh, you got a lot of ghosts. Yeah. Well, what's our next clue? A mirror hangs between chambers. Oh, okay. the elevator. The reflection, a ghost can be found. Deck six aft. Okay, so it's a different mirror. Where are we at right now? We're midship. But what floor are we on? We're on five. We just got to go up one. Oh, some art from the sword and the stone. And then this side over here. Hunchback. Oh, wow. Oh, there's the fish from the haunted mansion parlor. Oh, slippery. Now you only have one more to find. I think so. But that one's stuck in my magic band. It reminds me of like, you know, how they have the TVs in the mirrors in like the fancy rooms. Yeah, kind of like that. You enjoying your time hunting for ghosts? I It's cool. I like it. Yeah, it it is a little bit I think that I like that the u midship mystery has more of a story. Yeah, this doesn't really have a story so much. Um, but it is cool. I kind of like this guy. Serpents and spiders. Tail of a rat. Call in the spirits wherever they're at. Congratulations. Perhaps you aren't such a foolish mortal. Proceed. Now what? Return to where you're if you wish to start this. Oh yeah. Maybe we'll get new ones next time we do it. Congratulations, foolish mortal. You've collected all the missing ghosts. Just in time for a swinging weight. Then to hit replay, you can push replay and do it all over again. Cuz there were some that we didn't get. So maybe there are effects that we haven't seen yet. Now we came to the sanctum to do some trivia. This is one that I had never done before. So, I'm excited to try it. See how we do on Castaway Key trivia. We got 13 out of 20. Not bad. We got movie quotes trivia and it's going to just be me and June cuz Jen went back to the room. Jackson's here, too, but he's just playing his game cuz like it's vacation. Why not? You do you, kid. How you feeling about those quotes, June? Terrible. Terrible. Me, too. I'd say we've gotten at least half of them. Maybe 10 out of 20. Thanks to you. Well, I don't know about that. 22. We beat the halfway point. Not bad. Not bad. Watch somebody out here give 40 out of 40. Watch them. You think somebody got 40 out of 40? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I think so. All right. We just lost at movie quote trivia. Now we're headed to the atrium for The Sounds of Wakanda. I am Shaha and we are here today because we love the music and culture that evoke the spirits of Black Panther and his kingdom of Wakanda. The community and culture of this mythical land inspires the instruments that you see before you. in honor. You should all be so proud of how you all supported one another like a family. Wakanda forever until we meet again. So that was a show called The Sounds of Wakanda. Something I didn't get to see on the preview cruise. It was cool. I liked it. Like Black Panther came down. Got to hear all those. Like first time I've ever heard a hand pan in person and it was cool. I've always been interested in them and I like the way they looked. I like the way they sound. So got to see one. got to hear one and it was awesome. Yeah. Now we're still on the island. We're just kind of hanging out. We're just going to relax on the deck for a little bit. Jen's down in the room with Oliver. I I don't even know what time all ashore is. I think it's 4:45. It's 4:11 now. So, I think people are going to start coming on very soon. I didn't realize you could play the ghost hunt game on these. Okay. They said any navigational screens. I wonder if we can play it on this one up here. Jack Sparrow down in the lobby meet or in the atrium meeting and greeting with people. Pirate Goofy across the way from us meeting with people. We're getting ready to do who's behind the curtain, which I thought was starting at 4:30. And then we need to head out for the sailing away because I think there might be another ship near us, but I just want to hear the horns. I haven't heard the horns yet. So, typically we would do a time lapse of us leaving port. I'm going to skip the time lapse right now and I'm just going to go up to the upper decks so I can hear the horns cuz these they have new horns. They have go the distance. Oh, it's pirates, too. Greetings, you salty sailors. This is a game show takeover. Our pirate crew welcomes you to our version of that beloved game of games. Who's behind that dare curtain? What's the first question? He has to ask 10 questions. To guess who's behind the curtain. Yes or no questions. He asks, "Is it a boy?" The answer is yes. Captain Hook is a pirate. So he asked about his appearance and what he The thing showed up. It said tap to play in the bottom corner. Ask what did you say? What? It was like there for a second. I don't know what happened. What does he look like? What does he look like? I need these questions to be in a yes or no form. Do you have any other question? Name a pirate. Any pirate for a dollar? Name a pirate. Ask one more question. Let's do it. Is he jack? Does he have both hands? Ask if he has both hands. Is he a person? Oh, is he a person? He is a person. He thinks Jack Sparrow thinking of might also be over there. I was thinking it's Jack Sparrow and Jack Sparrow standing over there. Does he have There he is. Does he have the best question he's asked so far? That is very salute the captain. Is it Mr. Speed? It is. Look who it be. It'd be Mr. SME. Everyone make some noise. This character has four fingers. They've done it all. They've been in movies. They've been in TV. This person is known for their long and luxurious eyelashes that can be seen everywhere. Maybe it's Minnie. Are we raising our Mickey's right there? Is it Pirates Minnie Mouse? The answer is yes, it is. There she is. Pirate Minnie Mouse. It's on every screen. Look at this, Jackson. You could play the Haunted Mansion thing here, or you could watch Tron Aries and see the blood vessels underneath Jared Leto's eyes. Mouse up at Treasure Island. At the end of this announcement, we will be sounding our ship's whistle. All right, we should be able to hear the horns. They said at the end of this announcement, we're going to sound the horns, but they Oh, there it goes. Hey, man. Was that it? They turned back up the music on Muppet Treasure Island. So, at least we got to hear three of them. Carilla Deville is specific to this ship, so that was cool. But we didn't get to hear Go the Distance or any of the other ones. So, I think tomorrow at noon is when we're going to be able to hear all of them. So, we'll be back out on the deck tomorrow at noon. All right. See you later, Castaway Key. Our last time visiting you for the year. Our next cruise. We don't go to Castaway. Look at that sunset. Pulling away from Castaway Key into a beautiful, beautiful sunset. Wow. The ice cream flavors today are banana, chocolate swirl, chocolate and vanilla swirl, and mango and vanilla swirl. Pirate night at 1923. We be heading into the Royside. Jackson, can you give me a big R? Oh, I didn't wear my bandana tonight. I didn't either. I I totally forgot to put it on. I was It was Muppets Treasure Island, so I wore my Muppet Vision 3D shirt. I have my my Mickey um you character shirt on, so I'm going to link her down below. But I love these shirts. I love my Goofy one even more, I think. And I think she's running a sale. I'm going to buy the Pluto one. Also, never have I ever had this crisp new Pirates menu. Feel this thing. This is like a brand new Oh, there's desserts on the back. I don't even think I realized that. This is Angelica's lime marinade shrimp with chili, white corn, sweet potato, and onion. Ooh, this plate is so full. Yeah, this is a chilled shrimp dish. I like that they sure are just guests. Yeah. Oh, that's crazy. Looking for some stling scoundrels. They're hiding the rum. They're hiding in the very valuable things. He has another magic box. What did you guys have in your treasure chest? Let me find the treasure chest. Oh, we got the This is I get this every time there's pirate night. This is the baby gem with blue cheese. Oh, is he coming back? Treasure. Oh, we found treasure. What did he drop you? Oh my goodness. Real treasure. Is it chocolate? What do you say, buddy? Do you want to tell him what what's a pirate's favorite food? Do you want me to tell him? He said he asked me earlier. He said, "What's a pirate's favorite food?" Do you know a pirate's favorite food? He said it was ribs. Ribs. You can see my ribs. I heard that a pirate's favorite food is a baby gem salad. That's what I heard. Yeah, they love a good crab cake. A good crab cake. What's in that there crab cake? Let's see. Um I remember last time I had it, it was actually very good. There was no filler. Let's see. Roma. That's it. Green onion left. Let's look and see about the filler in this one. I have a coin. You have a coin. That pirate gave you a coin. Gave you a coin. Wow. What are you going to spend it on? Oh my goodness. Yeah. It's like all crab. Yeah, it looks pretty big. This is a big one. Wow. So, although I don't like love the pirate menu because I feel like it needs to be updated. I don't hate it, but I just feel like I wish there was something new. I will say that this crab cake I think is the best appetizer for pirate menu. It is so delicious. Little spicy. Feels, you know, like it belongs on the pirate menu. Yeah. What do you think? What's your favorite appetizer? Uh, my baby gem. Is it? Yeah, I guess the rest is seafood. Yeah, the rest is seafood and then there's like a samosa. I feel like I remember the samosa being a little bland. Yeah, we ordered the mango soup for Oliver and we said, "Let's just drink it with a straw." He said, "Let me add it." All right, so mine came. I got the Jack's Treasure of the Sea. It's a linguini pasta with shrimp, scallops, blistered tomatoes, spinach, and then it's in like a provincial sauce. This is the thing that I like most on the pirate menu. The the lamb is also really good, but it was a little heavy, so this was a little bit lighter than the lamb. And then Tim got the jerk chicken, which is a new one for him. This is Tia Dalma's jerk chicken. 48 hour jerk marinated chicken grilled and served with rice and peas, fried plantains, and pineapple chili salsa. For dessert, we got bananas in paradise. Layer banana bread with hazelnut fudge filling served with banana spice puree. And then we always get the kids brownie because it is awesome. Oh, mine like slid. That's pretty funny. Z and Gamble are in here dressed as pirates. Oh, I didn't know what was going on. They're like going through the line there. What are you bringing to? This is our This is our towel guy. Same as it always is for pirate night. But we also got Disney Destiny passport holders. And this is pretty nice. Yeah, this is nice. Can I see? Yeah. Do you want to hold it? All right. After dinner, it's time to head up to the deck cuz the kids, they really enjoy the pirate deck party. Pirates in the Caribbean. Oliver asked for it specifically to go to the the pirate show. So, we're going we're doing it. We're doing it. Here lesson number one if you order you a question. Oh, she's doing it. Look at her go. Hit captain. Yes, it is. I am the fuel caretaker and overseer of this five vessel. But this is our ship. How about we win it back? Let the captain challenge officially. Did we do it? Oh, heck yeah. Anthony. Oh, yes. Hook is a codfish. Hook is a codfish. Bye-bye everyone. See you on my next adventure. There's like a game show going on here called Pirates Life. For me, feels very much like Double Dare. All right, we uh stopped by Cass and Cannon for a second. Ray and June were in there eating dinner, so we sat down with them for a minute. Watch their video so you can see all the food that they got. Yeah. Now we're going into Disney Cruise Line trivia right now. That's Coops. She's here. Are you running the trivia cruise line? Did you show the one that you guys did together? No, I was showing the the one that you won. Yeah, I was showing the room. Oh, you got to tell them the story about how you won. It was just me and Coops doing sports trivia and I He's amazing at sports. I got nine right. She gave me the answer to two of them. So, but you were the only one in the room. So, you had somebody has to work with. Someone's got to win. That's the way it is. We just finished Disney Cruise Line trivia. We did pretty okay. We got I had fun 36 out of No, 16 out of 20. Every every other trivia we've done, it's been 40. You know, it's like two answers for for one question. So I I thought we got 36, we got 16, right? But uh uh but the people that won got 20 out of 20. And then there was three different tiebreers. Yeah. So like that was that was pretty intense. Um we ran into Jojo again. We met a few of you guys. We did trivia with Ray and June. We didn't we didn't film any of that. No, I I've been not filming trivia because I don't want to give the answers out there because then people will there'll be three tiebreers. That's true. You know, that is true. It's so beautiful. Oh, look at all the ships. They're waiting for our fireworks tonight. Is the Is the the doors closed on the stairs? Oh, see, we can't. So, I don't think we can go out right now. Okay. Because there's fireworks tonight. So, Oh, yeah. It's locked up there. So, I wonder if you can't go up there anymore cuz I was able to go out there on the wish when I did the walking tour. Oh, but now there's a lock on the gate. Well, why don't we'll show you where the dogs. How about that? Okay. It's fun cuz it's like if there's a little fire hydrant and stuff here like how cute. It sounds like they just painted it. Just painted the fire hydrant. Or maybe I guess they probably just hosed it down. Maybe Pluto's corner. Daisy and Mickey and Donald's just kind of roaming around out here. Where's Donald doing? Is he going up on stage? Oh, is Mickey switching out? Yeah. Watch Mickey switch out with Donald. Oh, I thought last time they like high-fived each other when I saw this happen. I was excited to show you guys. They were like best friend. came into Mickey's main sale cuz there's is this stuff we've seen before? You got the Loki shirt. That's fun. Pain and Panic. Maleficent. Oh, Incredible Vacation. There's Hercules for the Disney Destiny. I don't think I've seen it. Pretty cool. I like that. And this vacation mode on for the Disney Destiny. And there's Mufasa. Or is that Simba? Which one is it? I love this. Does it say Disney inaugural sailings? That's cool. Is Is this the kids section or something? This is also inaugural sailings of Spider-Man. adult. I mean, they have kids stuff, but this is adults. I I didn't see any of this stuff. So soft. Yeah, it's pretty nice. I actually really kind of like this one. I know. Me, too. That's fun. Wicked Waves ahead from the Disney Destiny. Disney Cruise Line playing cards. Disney villains clue Monopoly for the Disney parks. By the way, if you forget your contact lens cases, they do have them here. There should also be Oh, look. You get the pacifiers. Oh, yeah. Oh, you need this, don't you? I do need that, actually. I need a set of We forgot our nail clippers and um a file, but I don't want to spend How much money is it, do you think? Uh 15. You think it's $15? No, I just made up a number. Milk of magnesia, clear eyes, Tums, lip balm, sleep aid, vapo rub, mucinex, maidol, afrin, Tylenol, etc. I'm just naming things now. Sorry. Dramamine. Look at that. Dramamine package. Any eyelash repair kit. Oh, brushes. dish soap. Who Who's washing their dish soap? I saw he was the guy that we talked to was buying a bottle of Dawn. For what? I think for a popcorn bucket. Clean out the popcorn bucket. Friendly neighborhood Spider-Man on the Disney Destiny. The Disney Cruise Line villain spirit jersey. That's cool. I like this one. I've seen a lot of people in this shirt, and I'm not like a huge fan of this shirt in particular, but I kind of like this one. Oh, and they have the heroes one, too. Okay. They have villain socks. Villains have more fun for the kids. All the different villains ears. Heroes rise above, but villains have more fun. All right, that's the end of our day from Castaway Key. It was a good day. I really enjoyed it. I feel like we did so much I can hardly remember what we did. What did we do this cruise? I feel like it it's a 4 day, right? It's four days. Yeah. Um, it feels like a 79 day cruise. I feel like we've done so much. I haven't seen a Figment one. Tomorrow we're going to explore the ship. We're going to do tons of fun stuff. I want to go on the Aqua Mouse. I want to Most importantly, we need to see Hercules. Oh, yeah. Oh my gosh. Yes. Tomorrow. There's three showings. We will see it. Yeah. So, so we got a lot a lot of fun stuff going on tomorrow. We're going to go to bed. Yeah. I'm very tired. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now it's time to pay the price.
