---
video_id: lY1BOwq81-s
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Fantasy Very Merrytime Cruise 2025! Embarkation Day, Christmas Tree Lighting & All The Food!"
published: 2025-12-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lY1BOwq81-s
---
Good morning. Today is the day we set Good morning. Today is the day we set Good morning. Today is the day we set sail on our seventh ship of the year, sail on our seventh ship of the year, sail on our seventh ship of the year, the Disney Fantasy. the Disney Fantasy. the Disney Fantasy. &gt;&gt; I think it's more than our seventh. &gt;&gt; I think it's more than our seventh. &gt;&gt; I think it's more than our seventh. &gt;&gt; No, there's only seven ships in the &gt;&gt; No, there's only seven ships in the &gt;&gt; No, there's only seven ships in the Disney fleet. We've gone on more Disney fleet. We've gone on more Disney fleet. We've gone on more cruises. This is our seventh ship. cruises. This is our seventh ship. cruises. This is our seventh ship. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know why I thought there &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know why I thought there &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know why I thought there were more ships. were more ships. were more ships. &gt;&gt; I know. It seems weird. Magic, wonder, &gt;&gt; I know. It seems weird. Magic, wonder, &gt;&gt; I know. It seems weird. Magic, wonder, dream, fantasy, uh, wish, treasure, dream, fantasy, uh, wish, treasure, dream, fantasy, uh, wish, treasure, destiny. destiny. destiny. &gt;&gt; Is that eight? &gt;&gt; Is that eight? &gt;&gt; Is that eight? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Four and then three more. &gt;&gt; Four and then three more. &gt;&gt; Four and then three more. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So, let's do it. We're &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So, let's do it. We're &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So, let's do it. We're heading out to Port Canaveral. Oh, it's heading out to Port Canaveral. Oh, it's heading out to Port Canaveral. Oh, it's a very Merry Time cruise. a very Merry Time cruise. a very Merry Time cruise. &gt;&gt; Oh, we have our matching The kids. The &gt;&gt; Oh, we have our matching The kids. The &gt;&gt; Oh, we have our matching The kids. The kids have them on, too. You'll see kids have them on, too. You'll see kids have them on, too. You'll see photos of that, I'm sure. But we bought photos of that, I'm sure. But we bought photos of that, I'm sure. But we bought our We brought our matching family our We brought our matching family our We brought our matching family shirts. shirts. shirts. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did do it. &gt;&gt; We did do it. &gt;&gt; We did do it. &gt;&gt; Let's go. There's the Kennedy Space &gt;&gt; Let's go. There's the Kennedy Space &gt;&gt; Let's go. There's the Kennedy Space Center off in the distance. We're Center off in the distance. We're Center off in the distance. We're getting close. We're only about 11 getting close. We're only about 11 getting close. We're only about 11 minutes away from the port. There she minutes away from the port. There she minutes away from the port. There she is. The Disney Fantasy right next to it is. The Disney Fantasy right next to it is. The Disney Fantasy right next to it looks like a Royal Caribbean big boy. looks like a Royal Caribbean big boy. looks like a Royal Caribbean big boy. Thought it was Royal Caribbean, but now Thought it was Royal Caribbean, but now Thought it was Royal Caribbean, but now that I'm looking at it, I don't think it that I'm looking at it, I don't think it that I'm looking at it, I don't think it is. is. is. Huh? Huh? Huh? &gt;&gt; Only two ships in port. Dude, somebody's &gt;&gt; Only two ships in port. Dude, somebody's &gt;&gt; Only two ships in port. Dude, somebody's already riding it. already riding it. already riding it. &gt;&gt; Is there somebody on it already? &gt;&gt; Is there somebody on it already? &gt;&gt; Is there somebody on it already? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; So, just so you guys know, right now the &gt;&gt; So, just so you guys know, right now the &gt;&gt; So, just so you guys know, right now the signs are not on for which terminal it signs are not on for which terminal it signs are not on for which terminal it is. And so, Disney is either in terminal is. And so, Disney is either in terminal is. And so, Disney is either in terminal &gt;&gt; Eight or 10. &gt;&gt; Eight or 10. &gt;&gt; Eight or 10. &gt;&gt; So, those are that's so you guys know, &gt;&gt; So, those are that's so you guys know, &gt;&gt; So, those are that's so you guys know, either eight or 10. I think we're going either eight or 10. I think we're going either eight or 10. I think we're going to eight. to eight. to eight. &gt;&gt; Which one's the good one? &gt;&gt; Which one's the good one? &gt;&gt; Which one's the good one? &gt;&gt; The eight. &gt;&gt; The eight. &gt;&gt; The eight. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Good. There's Dumbo on the &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Good. There's Dumbo on the &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Good. There's Dumbo on the back of the ship. back of the ship. back of the ship. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I like when we were on the Destiny, it I like when we were on the Destiny, it I like when we were on the Destiny, it was like the first ever Marvel character was like the first ever Marvel character was like the first ever Marvel character as a Stern character. I'm going to say as a Stern character. I'm going to say as a Stern character. I'm going to say this is the first ever elephant as a this is the first ever elephant as a this is the first ever elephant as a Stern character. Stern character. Stern character. &gt;&gt; So, we like to show up a little bit &gt;&gt; So, we like to show up a little bit &gt;&gt; So, we like to show up a little bit later in the day. So, right now it's later in the day. So, right now it's later in the day. So, right now it's people will get here at like 10:00 a.m. people will get here at like 10:00 a.m. people will get here at like 10:00 a.m. to try to be first ones on the ship. And to try to be first ones on the ship. And to try to be first ones on the ship. And I don't know what's going on right now, I don't know what's going on right now, I don't know what's going on right now, but it's 1:00 and there's a ton of but it's 1:00 and there's a ton of but it's 1:00 and there's a ton of people in line right now. We're like way people in line right now. We're like way people in line right now. We're like way back out here. We're really far away back out here. We're really far away back out here. We're really far away from the parking garage. I don't know from the parking garage. I don't know from the parking garage. I don't know what's happening right now. Maybe there what's happening right now. Maybe there what's happening right now. Maybe there was like bad traffic or something that was like bad traffic or something that was like bad traffic or something that happened, but we didn't hit any traffic. happened, but we didn't hit any traffic. happened, but we didn't hit any traffic. But there was a a port worker that But there was a a port worker that But there was a a port worker that stopped us and was like, "What ship are stopped us and was like, "What ship are stopped us and was like, "What ship are you going on?" We're like, "The you going on?" We're like, "The you going on?" We're like, "The Fantasy." And she's like, "Man, Fantasy." And she's like, "Man, Fantasy." And she's like, "Man, everybody's going on the Fantasy." everybody's going on the Fantasy." everybody's going on the Fantasy." &gt;&gt; All right. We were in that line for &gt;&gt; All right. We were in that line for &gt;&gt; All right. We were in that line for about 25 minutes, and now we're about to about 25 minutes, and now we're about to about 25 minutes, and now we're about to give our bags to the porter. So, give our bags to the porter. So, give our bags to the porter. So, &gt;&gt; I'm getting another line. &gt;&gt; I'm getting another line. &gt;&gt; I'm getting another line. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; But I I feel like in all reality, that &gt;&gt; But I I feel like in all reality, that &gt;&gt; But I I feel like in all reality, that wasn't so bad. wasn't so bad. wasn't so bad. &gt;&gt; The line looked really bad, but it &gt;&gt; The line looked really bad, but it &gt;&gt; The line looked really bad, but it really didn't take that long. So, really didn't take that long. So, really didn't take that long. So, &gt;&gt; it wasn't bad. It was just unexpected &gt;&gt; it wasn't bad. It was just unexpected &gt;&gt; it wasn't bad. It was just unexpected cuz like we showed up late. We're It's cuz like we showed up late. We're It's cuz like we showed up late. We're It's &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, now the room will be ready. There's &gt;&gt; So, now the room will be ready. There's &gt;&gt; So, now the room will be ready. There's some good news. Little silver one. some good news. Little silver one. some good news. Little silver one. &gt;&gt; These glmbbas, guys. &gt;&gt; These glmbbas, guys. &gt;&gt; These glmbbas, guys. &gt;&gt; You're trying to get the glmbbas. &gt;&gt; You're trying to get the glmbbas. &gt;&gt; You're trying to get the glmbbas. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The kids are playing. Jackson's playing &gt;&gt; The kids are playing. Jackson's playing &gt;&gt; The kids are playing. Jackson's playing Pokémon Go and Oliver is playing What? Pokémon Go and Oliver is playing What? Pokémon Go and Oliver is playing What? Which one are you playing? Which one are you playing? Which one are you playing? &gt;&gt; He's playing Mario Kart. &gt;&gt; He's playing Mario Kart. &gt;&gt; He's playing Mario Kart. &gt;&gt; Mario Maker. &gt;&gt; Mario Maker. &gt;&gt; Mario Maker. &gt;&gt; Oh, are you? I thought you're playing &gt;&gt; Oh, are you? I thought you're playing &gt;&gt; Oh, are you? I thought you're playing Mario Kart, huh? Mario Kart, huh? Mario Kart, huh? &gt;&gt; He was switched it on his own. &gt;&gt; He was switched it on his own. &gt;&gt; He was switched it on his own. &gt;&gt; I don't know. This kid knows how to do &gt;&gt; I don't know. This kid knows how to do &gt;&gt; I don't know. This kid knows how to do stuff I don't know how to do. There's a stuff I don't know how to do. There's a stuff I don't know how to do. There's a pretty big line going in, too. Okay, so pretty big line going in, too. Okay, so pretty big line going in, too. Okay, so we are we are we are &gt;&gt; to Port Canaveral. To begin, please &gt;&gt; to Port Canaveral. To begin, please &gt;&gt; to Port Canaveral. To begin, please select your sailing. select your sailing. select your sailing. &gt;&gt; Oh, it didn't say. &gt;&gt; Oh, it didn't say. &gt;&gt; Oh, it didn't say. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. We don't know. We don't know how &gt;&gt; Oh, no. We don't know. We don't know how &gt;&gt; Oh, no. We don't know. We don't know how much the parking was. It didn't say this much the parking was. It didn't say this much the parking was. It didn't say this time. time. time. &gt;&gt; Usually, it tells you. We'll tell you at &gt;&gt; Usually, it tells you. We'll tell you at &gt;&gt; Usually, it tells you. We'll tell you at the end of the cruise. Um, also, this the end of the cruise. Um, also, this the end of the cruise. Um, also, this never happens, but the porter gave us a never happens, but the porter gave us a never happens, but the porter gave us a time. He said, "We'll have your bags to time. He said, "We'll have your bags to time. He said, "We'll have your bags to your room in about 3 hours." your room in about 3 hours." your room in about 3 hours." &gt;&gt; They never say that. So, there you go. &gt;&gt; They never say that. So, there you go. &gt;&gt; They never say that. So, there you go. Now, we know. We'll We'll see what time Now, we know. We'll We'll see what time Now, we know. We'll We'll see what time they actually come. But, um, they actually come. But, um, they actually come. But, um, &gt;&gt; evolving another guy. &gt;&gt; evolving another guy. &gt;&gt; evolving another guy. &gt;&gt; You're evolving another Pokémon? &gt;&gt; You're evolving another Pokémon? &gt;&gt; You're evolving another Pokémon? &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Wo. &gt;&gt; Wo. &gt;&gt; Wo. &gt;&gt; It's been a very eventful trip. Discover &gt;&gt; It's been a very eventful trip. Discover &gt;&gt; It's been a very eventful trip. Discover Uncharted Magic. I hope they charted it. Uncharted Magic. I hope they charted it. Uncharted Magic. I hope they charted it. Don't know where we're going. All right, Don't know where we're going. All right, Don't know where we're going. All right, we're all We're headed up. We're not we're all We're headed up. We're not we're all We're headed up. We're not quite checked in yet, but we're getting quite checked in yet, but we're getting quite checked in yet, but we're getting there. This is the first time doing like there. This is the first time doing like there. This is the first time doing like This is the only bag that we brought This is the only bag that we brought This is the only bag that we brought with us. Everything else we checked. Oh, with us. Everything else we checked. Oh, with us. Everything else we checked. Oh, I like these hands with like the the I like these hands with like the the I like these hands with like the the bobbles hanging from the Christmas bobbles hanging from the Christmas bobbles hanging from the Christmas ornaments. It's kind of a little creepy, ornaments. It's kind of a little creepy, ornaments. It's kind of a little creepy, isn't it? Oh, look at this big Christmas isn't it? Oh, look at this big Christmas isn't it? Oh, look at this big Christmas tree they have. You know what's funny is tree they have. You know what's funny is tree they have. You know what's funny is that the star on top looks like the star that the star on top looks like the star that the star on top looks like the star from Universal. from Universal. from Universal. There she is. The Disney Fantasy, There she is. The Disney Fantasy, There she is. The Disney Fantasy, &gt;&gt; the last ship in our series for this &gt;&gt; the last ship in our series for this &gt;&gt; the last ship in our series for this year. year. year. &gt;&gt; Jackson and Oliver. &gt;&gt; You guys, come on. You're here. You &gt;&gt; You guys, come on. You're here. You &gt;&gt; You guys, come on. You're here. You &gt;&gt; did it. We've been waiting all day for &gt;&gt; did it. We've been waiting all day for &gt;&gt; did it. We've been waiting all day for you, Jackson. you, Jackson. you, Jackson. &gt;&gt; All right. You can see it is a very &gt;&gt; All right. You can see it is a very &gt;&gt; All right. You can see it is a very merry time cruise. So, we've got lots merry time cruise. So, we've got lots merry time cruise. So, we've got lots and lots of decorations and lots of decorations and lots of decorations throughout the atrium. We came to the throughout the atrium. We came to the throughout the atrium. We came to the after the ship cuz we're heading up to after the ship cuz we're heading up to after the ship cuz we're heading up to Cabanas for some lunch. And I want to Cabanas for some lunch. And I want to Cabanas for some lunch. And I want to show you guys the animator's pellet show you guys the animator's pellet show you guys the animator's pellet tree. We started off with the kids tree. We started off with the kids tree. We started off with the kids getting their food. We got some pizza, getting their food. We got some pizza, getting their food. We got some pizza, some chicken tenders, some French fries, some chicken tenders, some French fries, some chicken tenders, some French fries, and an apple. Which pizza did you get? and an apple. Which pizza did you get? and an apple. Which pizza did you get? &gt;&gt; I got pineapple. Ham and pineapple. &gt;&gt; I got pineapple. Ham and pineapple. &gt;&gt; I got pineapple. Ham and pineapple. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I took a bite. It's pretty good. &gt;&gt; I took a bite. It's pretty good. &gt;&gt; I took a bite. It's pretty good. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. This is quite a plate you got yeah. This is quite a plate you got yeah. This is quite a plate you got here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Well, I I was trying to give you time to &gt;&gt; Well, I I was trying to give you time to &gt;&gt; Well, I I was trying to give you time to get your plate cuz I think we're at the get your plate cuz I think we're at the get your plate cuz I think we're at the tail end of lunch here. But I got some tail end of lunch here. But I got some tail end of lunch here. But I got some carrots, asparagus, broccoli, the both carrots, asparagus, broccoli, the both carrots, asparagus, broccoli, the both of the pastas. Um, this is a corn and of the pastas. Um, this is a corn and of the pastas. Um, this is a corn and bok choy and peppers. I got some roast bok choy and peppers. I got some roast bok choy and peppers. I got some roast beef. It's under there. And I got some beef. It's under there. And I got some beef. It's under there. And I got some fried fish. fried fish. fried fish. &gt;&gt; Jen got the roast beef carv. I got the &gt;&gt; Jen got the roast beef carv. I got the &gt;&gt; Jen got the roast beef carv. I got the turkey. Like a whole turkey up there. turkey. Like a whole turkey up there. turkey. Like a whole turkey up there. They even decorated the palm trees and They even decorated the palm trees and They even decorated the palm trees and cabanas for the holidays. cabanas for the holidays. cabanas for the holidays. &gt;&gt; I like this like seashell Christmas &gt;&gt; I like this like seashell Christmas &gt;&gt; I like this like seashell Christmas tree. All right. Here is our family tree. All right. Here is our family tree. All right. Here is our family stateateroom with a veranda. We sailed stateateroom with a veranda. We sailed stateateroom with a veranda. We sailed guaranteed this time. So, we didn't know guaranteed this time. So, we didn't know guaranteed this time. So, we didn't know what room we were getting until we got what room we were getting until we got what room we were getting until we got like like like &gt;&gt; So, a guaranteed room is a you're going &gt;&gt; So, a guaranteed room is a you're going &gt;&gt; So, a guaranteed room is a you're going to save a little bit of money because to save a little bit of money because to save a little bit of money because you're not picking your stateater room. you're not picking your stateater room. you're not picking your stateater room. A guaranteed is just like a little bit A guaranteed is just like a little bit A guaranteed is just like a little bit cheaper. cheaper. cheaper. &gt;&gt; So, that's what we opted for. Yeah. And &gt;&gt; So, that's what we opted for. Yeah. And &gt;&gt; So, that's what we opted for. Yeah. And I like this room. It's nice. Like we do I like this room. It's nice. Like we do I like this room. It's nice. Like we do have the bunk here. Like there's the the have the bunk here. Like there's the the have the bunk here. Like there's the the bed there and then there's the bunk that bed there and then there's the bunk that bed there and then there's the bunk that comes out of the ceiling. And then Jen comes out of the ceiling. And then Jen comes out of the ceiling. And then Jen and I will be over here. And that's and I will be over here. And that's and I will be over here. And that's about it. That's the whole room. There about it. That's the whole room. There about it. That's the whole room. There you go. you go. you go. &gt;&gt; I do like the art in here. It's fun. &gt;&gt; I do like the art in here. It's fun. &gt;&gt; I do like the art in here. It's fun. It's very like art. It's very like art. It's very like art. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like the uh the old &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like the uh the old &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like the uh the old &gt;&gt; I don't know. I never know the &gt;&gt; I don't know. I never know the &gt;&gt; I don't know. I never know the difference. But it's like the old difference. But it's like the old difference. But it's like the old cruising days. cruising days. cruising days. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, but also I have to say I'm &gt;&gt; You know, but also I have to say I'm &gt;&gt; You know, but also I have to say I'm very excited to sleep on this bed. I get very excited to sleep on this bed. I get very excited to sleep on this bed. I get the best sleep of my life on a Disney the best sleep of my life on a Disney the best sleep of my life on a Disney cruise. These beds. I know it's because cruise. These beds. I know it's because cruise. These beds. I know it's because the ship is also moving, but the beds the ship is also moving, but the beds the ship is also moving, but the beds are so comfortable. We are on deck are so comfortable. We are on deck are so comfortable. We are on deck seven, so we are like middle. seven, so we are like middle. seven, so we are like middle. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're like deck seven. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're like deck seven. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're like deck seven. &gt;&gt; We're not like super high up. We're not &gt;&gt; We're not like super high up. We're not &gt;&gt; We're not like super high up. We're not super down below. super down below. super down below. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I don't know what that means for us &gt;&gt; So, I don't know what that means for us &gt;&gt; So, I don't know what that means for us as far as like the ship rocking. as far as like the ship rocking. as far as like the ship rocking. &gt;&gt; I think we'll be I think we'll be pretty &gt;&gt; I think we'll be I think we'll be pretty &gt;&gt; I think we'll be I think we'll be pretty good. Also, we don't have the like angly good. Also, we don't have the like angly good. Also, we don't have the like angly shelves here. It's a couple of draw like shelves here. It's a couple of draw like shelves here. It's a couple of draw like a drawer stack here and then a couple of a drawer stack here and then a couple of a drawer stack here and then a couple of shelves up there which is nice because shelves up there which is nice because shelves up there which is nice because it feels like you're getting a little it feels like you're getting a little it feels like you're getting a little bit more room out of there. Also wanted bit more room out of there. Also wanted bit more room out of there. Also wanted to show you guys our shower cuz it's a to show you guys our shower cuz it's a to show you guys our shower cuz it's a tub here. Pretty deep tub but also the tub here. Pretty deep tub but also the tub here. Pretty deep tub but also the shower curtain kind of bows out and give shower curtain kind of bows out and give shower curtain kind of bows out and give you a little extra room in the shower. I you a little extra room in the shower. I you a little extra room in the shower. I like that. And there's a little like like that. And there's a little like like that. And there's a little like makeup mirror here for like extra wa makeup mirror here for like extra wa makeup mirror here for like extra wa it's kind of like like a ghost. Also, it's kind of like like a ghost. Also, it's kind of like like a ghost. Also, our Castaway Club gifts are this style our Castaway Club gifts are this style our Castaway Club gifts are this style right here with the the lanyards and the right here with the the lanyards and the right here with the the lanyards and the wet dry bag and the beach towel and the wet dry bag and the beach towel and the wet dry bag and the beach towel and the tote. Wanted to give you guys a look at tote. Wanted to give you guys a look at tote. Wanted to give you guys a look at our veranda. our veranda. our veranda. Nice. I like it. We're We're like just Nice. I like it. We're We're like just Nice. I like it. We're We're like just above Oh, look. They were testing that above Oh, look. They were testing that above Oh, look. They were testing that one right there. They're testing that one right there. They're testing that one right there. They're testing that lifeboat. It's good to know that they lifeboat. It's good to know that they lifeboat. It's good to know that they were testing it. Oh, I like these. Look were testing it. Oh, I like these. Look were testing it. Oh, I like these. Look at how long these verandas are out at how long these verandas are out at how long these verandas are out there. That's a really big veranda. I there. That's a really big veranda. I there. That's a really big veranda. I wonder what room that is. Also, if you wonder what room that is. Also, if you wonder what room that is. Also, if you ever want to watch the ships sail away, ever want to watch the ships sail away, ever want to watch the ships sail away, there's a place down here called Jetty there's a place down here called Jetty there's a place down here called Jetty Park. You can go down there. You can Park. You can go down there. You can Park. You can go down there. You can camp if you want to or you can just camp if you want to or you can just camp if you want to or you can just watch it. There's also like a couple of watch it. There's also like a couple of watch it. There's also like a couple of restaurants right here that you can restaurants right here that you can restaurants right here that you can watch from as well. There's also live watch from as well. There's also live watch from as well. There's also live cams that you can find on the internet cams that you can find on the internet cams that you can find on the internet of the Disney ships or any ships leaving of the Disney ships or any ships leaving of the Disney ships or any ships leaving from Port Canaveral sailing away. Look from Port Canaveral sailing away. Look from Port Canaveral sailing away. Look at this. Oh my goodness. I thought that at this. Oh my goodness. I thought that at this. Oh my goodness. I thought that it was like an aqua coaster, but it's it was like an aqua coaster, but it's it was like an aqua coaster, but it's it's not. It's like a regular body it's not. It's like a regular body it's not. It's like a regular body slide, but it goes down and up. What if slide, but it goes down and up. What if slide, but it goes down and up. What if you don't make it? We're just only you don't make it? We're just only you don't make it? We're just only showing the very Jonas Christmas in the showing the very Jonas Christmas in the showing the very Jonas Christmas in the theater. theater. theater. &gt;&gt; We just got done with our mustard &gt;&gt; We just got done with our mustard &gt;&gt; We just got done with our mustard drills. All right, we got our spot for drills. All right, we got our spot for drills. All right, we got our spot for the sail away. Let's take it and show us how IT'S Let's take it and show us how IT'S Let's take it and show us how IT'S GOING. Clap your hands. The best person in the island. The best person in the island. The best person in the island. &gt;&gt; You heard me. It's time to make your &gt;&gt; You heard me. It's time to make your &gt;&gt; You heard me. It's time to make your vacation dreams come true. vacation dreams come true. vacation dreams come true. &gt;&gt; 3 2 1. &gt;&gt; They have like a dance that they do to &gt;&gt; They have like a dance that they do to &gt;&gt; They have like a dance that they do to this song. this song. this song. &gt;&gt; You can learn it. This child just wants &gt;&gt; You can learn it. This child just wants &gt;&gt; You can learn it. This child just wants to go down the stairs on his own. Boom. to go down the stairs on his own. Boom. to go down the stairs on his own. Boom. All right. This way. The spaceport All right. This way. The spaceport All right. This way. The spaceport wishes us a happy boating day. wishes us a happy boating day. wishes us a happy boating day. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; we're not even &gt;&gt; we're not even &gt;&gt; we're not even &gt;&gt; You see that that really rusty boat over &gt;&gt; You see that that really rusty boat over &gt;&gt; You see that that really rusty boat over there? there? there? &gt;&gt; That one? &gt;&gt; That one? &gt;&gt; That one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, hello. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, hello. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, hello. &gt;&gt; Look at those seagulls. &gt;&gt; Look at those seagulls. &gt;&gt; Look at those seagulls. &gt;&gt; The captain did say that we're going to &gt;&gt; The captain did say that we're going to &gt;&gt; The captain did say that we're going to have a little bit of light chop with have a little bit of light chop with have a little bit of light chop with three What did he say? He said 3 m or 1 three What did he say? He said 3 m or 1 three What did he say? He said 3 m or 1 m waves. m waves. m waves. &gt;&gt; So, 3 ft, &gt;&gt; So, 3 ft, &gt;&gt; So, 3 ft, &gt;&gt; which isn't Oh, there's dolphins. Look &gt;&gt; which isn't Oh, there's dolphins. Look &gt;&gt; which isn't Oh, there's dolphins. Look &gt;&gt; right there. &gt;&gt; right there. &gt;&gt; right there. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; did you see it? &gt;&gt; did you see it? &gt;&gt; did you see it? &gt;&gt; I thought go down. &gt;&gt; I thought go down. &gt;&gt; I thought go down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there. Right there. Do you see it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there. Right there. Do you see it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there. Right there. Do you see it? &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But dolphins. &gt;&gt; But dolphins. &gt;&gt; But dolphins. &gt;&gt; Dolphins out there. Look, they're way &gt;&gt; Dolphins out there. Look, they're way &gt;&gt; Dolphins out there. Look, they're way back there, too. Pretty neat because back there, too. Pretty neat because back there, too. Pretty neat because this stretch of beach right here, nobody this stretch of beach right here, nobody this stretch of beach right here, nobody can ever get to because that's in the can ever get to because that's in the can ever get to because that's in the space force station. So, unless you're space force station. So, unless you're space force station. So, unless you're an astronaut, I guess maybe astronauts an astronaut, I guess maybe astronauts an astronaut, I guess maybe astronauts can come out here and do some can come out here and do some can come out here and do some sunbathing. There's an overview of the sunbathing. There's an overview of the sunbathing. There's an overview of the atrium right now with the Christmas tree atrium right now with the Christmas tree atrium right now with the Christmas tree and everything. People have already and everything. People have already and everything. People have already started lining up ready to take pictures started lining up ready to take pictures started lining up ready to take pictures with the characters. We came down to with the characters. We came down to with the characters. We came down to It's a Small World Nursery. And It's a Small World Nursery. And It's a Small World Nursery. And &gt;&gt; I always wanted to come to the open &gt;&gt; I always wanted to come to the open &gt;&gt; I always wanted to come to the open house here cuz you can only do it on the house here cuz you can only do it on the house here cuz you can only do it on the first day of the cruise and we usually first day of the cruise and we usually first day of the cruise and we usually miss it. This happens during the sail miss it. This happens during the sail miss it. This happens during the sail away party, too. away party, too. away party, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's from four. This ship or this &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's from four. This ship or this &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's from four. This ship or this cruise, it was from 4 to 5, but I've cruise, it was from 4 to 5, but I've cruise, it was from 4 to 5, but I've never been inside of here, and I've never been inside of here, and I've never been inside of here, and I've always wanted to look at it to see if always wanted to look at it to see if always wanted to look at it to see if Oliver could do it. Oliver could do it. Oliver could do it. &gt;&gt; This one is big. &gt;&gt; This one is big. &gt;&gt; This one is big. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's a lot bigger than the one that we &gt;&gt; it's a lot bigger than the one that we &gt;&gt; it's a lot bigger than the one that we saw in like the Destiny and stuff. saw in like the Destiny and stuff. saw in like the Destiny and stuff. &gt;&gt; There's also toys that we have at home. &gt;&gt; There's also toys that we have at home. &gt;&gt; There's also toys that we have at home. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that's &gt;&gt; So, that's &gt;&gt; So, that's what is that? what is that? what is that? &gt;&gt; Look at him go. &gt;&gt; Look at him go. &gt;&gt; Look at him go. That's fun. If you have napping kids or That's fun. If you have napping kids or That's fun. If you have napping kids or kids that sleep, they do have like a nap kids that sleep, they do have like a nap kids that sleep, they do have like a nap area. I guess it's like a sleeping area. area. I guess it's like a sleeping area. area. I guess it's like a sleeping area. There it is. More sailing, sailing away. There it is. More sailing, sailing away. There it is. More sailing, sailing away. There's Mickey on the other side of the There's Mickey on the other side of the There's Mickey on the other side of the chandelier as well as hidden Mickey's on chandelier as well as hidden Mickey's on chandelier as well as hidden Mickey's on the chandelier. Our the chandelier. Our the chandelier. Our &gt;&gt; musical spectacular cruise director &gt;&gt; musical spectacular cruise director &gt;&gt; musical spectacular cruise director &gt;&gt; begin at 6:00 p.m. Have a great night. &gt;&gt; begin at 6:00 p.m. Have a great night. &gt;&gt; begin at 6:00 p.m. Have a great night. &gt;&gt; Our cruise director Jimmy just was like &gt;&gt; Our cruise director Jimmy just was like &gt;&gt; Our cruise director Jimmy just was like doing his announcements inside the room. doing his announcements inside the room. doing his announcements inside the room. It's the only time they ever do the It's the only time they ever do the It's the only time they ever do the announcements inside the room. And he's announcements inside the room. And he's announcements inside the room. And he's like, "We've got a great cruise like, "We've got a great cruise like, "We've got a great cruise itinerary for you. We're going to both itinerary for you. We're going to both itinerary for you. We're going to both Disney Islands." And I was like, "What?" Disney Islands." And I was like, "What?" Disney Islands." And I was like, "What?" &gt;&gt; I looked at the itinerary. We're not. &gt;&gt; I looked at the itinerary. We're not. &gt;&gt; I looked at the itinerary. We're not. We're just going to Lookout Key. But I We're just going to Lookout Key. But I We're just going to Lookout Key. But I thought it was it was like a moment of thought it was it was like a moment of thought it was it was like a moment of like what? Like I got excited for a like what? Like I got excited for a like what? Like I got excited for a second. I was like, "Oh, we don't have a second. I was like, "Oh, we don't have a second. I was like, "Oh, we don't have a day at sea. We're just going to day at sea. We're just going to day at sea. We're just going to Castaway, too." But no, we got a day at Castaway, too." But no, we got a day at Castaway, too." But no, we got a day at sea. So, uh, just wanted to tell you sea. So, uh, just wanted to tell you sea. So, uh, just wanted to tell you guys before we head out to dinner that guys before we head out to dinner that guys before we head out to dinner that we are doing this trip a little bit we are doing this trip a little bit we are doing this trip a little bit differently as far as the video goes. I differently as far as the video goes. I differently as far as the video goes. I think we'll probably just kind of keep think we'll probably just kind of keep think we'll probably just kind of keep it down to one video for the entire it down to one video for the entire it down to one video for the entire trip. So, stay tuned. Maybe two. You trip. So, stay tuned. Maybe two. You trip. So, stay tuned. Maybe two. You never know. We'll see how it plays out never know. We'll see how it plays out never know. We'll see how it plays out as the days progress. as the days progress. as the days progress. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Should be pretty good. We're &gt;&gt; Yeah. Should be pretty good. We're &gt;&gt; Yeah. Should be pretty good. We're headed out to dinner tonight at where? headed out to dinner tonight at where? headed out to dinner tonight at where? &gt;&gt; Uh, Royal Table. &gt;&gt; Uh, Royal Table. &gt;&gt; Uh, Royal Table. &gt;&gt; Royal Table down in the atrium lobby. We &gt;&gt; Royal Table down in the atrium lobby. We &gt;&gt; Royal Table down in the atrium lobby. We found out that the tree lighting is found out that the tree lighting is found out that the tree lighting is tonight at 7:30 and then another one at tonight at 7:30 and then another one at tonight at 7:30 and then another one at Mrs. Claus at like 10:15. All right, we Mrs. Claus at like 10:15. All right, we Mrs. Claus at like 10:15. All right, we are in the royal table. I kind of want are in the royal table. I kind of want are in the royal table. I kind of want this chandelier in our house for like this chandelier in our house for like this chandelier in our house for like good lighting. We're filming a video, good lighting. We're filming a video, good lighting. We're filming a video, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's pretty nice. &gt;&gt; It's pretty nice. &gt;&gt; It's pretty nice. &gt;&gt; Pretty bright. &gt;&gt; Pretty bright. &gt;&gt; Pretty bright. &gt;&gt; So, when we were on the Dream, we had &gt;&gt; So, when we were on the Dream, we had &gt;&gt; So, when we were on the Dream, we had &gt;&gt; like glass slippers or something. &gt;&gt; like glass slippers or something. &gt;&gt; like glass slippers or something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this one's a little different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this one's a little different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this one's a little different. &gt;&gt; This one's to Beauty and the Beast. &gt;&gt; This one's to Beauty and the Beast. &gt;&gt; This one's to Beauty and the Beast. That's why there's all the roses. That's why there's all the roses. That's why there's all the roses. &gt;&gt; There's roses. Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's roses. Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's roses. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can you guys see the roses behind Jim? &gt;&gt; Can you guys see the roses behind Jim? &gt;&gt; Can you guys see the roses behind Jim? &gt;&gt; Oh, and they've got Christmas &gt;&gt; Oh, and they've got Christmas &gt;&gt; Oh, and they've got Christmas decorations up. decorations up. decorations up. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're sitting down. We're &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're sitting down. We're &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're sitting down. We're at the restaurant. And I wanted to show at the restaurant. And I wanted to show at the restaurant. And I wanted to show the kids menu because one of you um in the kids menu because one of you um in the kids menu because one of you um in the comments, I'm sorry I can't remember the comments, I'm sorry I can't remember the comments, I'm sorry I can't remember who exactly it was, but they said, "Why who exactly it was, but they said, "Why who exactly it was, but they said, "Why don't you ever show the kids menu?" And don't you ever show the kids menu?" And don't you ever show the kids menu?" And I was like, "You know what? I don't I was like, "You know what? I don't I was like, "You know what? I don't know." So, I'm going to show it to you know." So, I'm going to show it to you know." So, I'm going to show it to you guys. There's some appetizers, guys. There's some appetizers, guys. There's some appetizers, a tomato and pasta soup, a salad. a tomato and pasta soup, a salad. a tomato and pasta soup, a salad. There's the main event. They have the There's the main event. They have the There's the main event. They have the breaded turkey breast with tomato sauce, breaded turkey breast with tomato sauce, breaded turkey breast with tomato sauce, mac and cheese, chicken strips. They all mac and cheese, chicken strips. They all mac and cheese, chicken strips. They all come with fresh veggies, mashed come with fresh veggies, mashed come with fresh veggies, mashed potatoes, which are basically like um potatoes, which are basically like um potatoes, which are basically like um mashed potatoes or steak fries. And then mashed potatoes or steak fries. And then mashed potatoes or steak fries. And then they have their own special dessert. they have their own special dessert. they have their own special dessert. They also have the Disney check meals. I They also have the Disney check meals. I They also have the Disney check meals. I think Oliver is going to get this think Oliver is going to get this think Oliver is going to get this grilled pork tenderloin, and Jackson's grilled pork tenderloin, and Jackson's grilled pork tenderloin, and Jackson's going to end up getting the uh the going to end up getting the uh the going to end up getting the uh the pennet pasta on the bottom there. So, pennet pasta on the bottom there. So, pennet pasta on the bottom there. So, there's a look at the kids menu there's a look at the kids menu there's a look at the kids menu &gt;&gt; for our bread service. It says we have &gt;&gt; for our bread service. It says we have &gt;&gt; for our bread service. It says we have country bread with olive spread, but country bread with olive spread, but country bread with olive spread, but it's kind of just like olive and oil. it's kind of just like olive and oil. it's kind of just like olive and oil. &gt;&gt; This is my favorite one. &gt;&gt; This is my favorite one. &gt;&gt; This is my favorite one. &gt;&gt; I don't know that I would call it a &gt;&gt; I don't know that I would call it a &gt;&gt; I don't know that I would call it a spread, though. spread, though. spread, though. &gt;&gt; This is also the dressing. That's the &gt;&gt; This is also the dressing. That's the &gt;&gt; This is also the dressing. That's the olive oil with the with the olives. olive oil with the with the olives. olive oil with the with the olives. &gt;&gt; It's olive oil and olives. &gt;&gt; It's olive oil and olives. &gt;&gt; It's olive oil and olives. &gt;&gt; But this is also &gt;&gt; But this is also &gt;&gt; But this is also &gt;&gt; And your name is Oliver. &gt;&gt; And your name is Oliver. &gt;&gt; And your name is Oliver. &gt;&gt; This is also the dressing that they call &gt;&gt; This is also the dressing that they call &gt;&gt; This is also the dressing that they call the farmhouse salad. the farmhouse salad. the farmhouse salad. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is Oliver. Okay, I'm going to &gt;&gt; Oh, this is Oliver. Okay, I'm going to &gt;&gt; Oh, this is Oliver. Okay, I'm going to get that farmhouse salad. &gt;&gt; Here, you want to try it? &gt;&gt; Here, you want to try it? &gt;&gt; Here, you want to try it? &gt;&gt; I don't know what I'm going to get. A &gt;&gt; I don't know what I'm going to get. A &gt;&gt; I don't know what I'm going to get. A lot of people really like this deep lot of people really like this deep lot of people really like this deep fried brie. I don't really like it. It's fried brie. I don't really like it. It's fried brie. I don't really like it. It's not my favorite. So, I'm going to get not my favorite. So, I'm going to get not my favorite. So, I'm going to get this farmhouse salad, which also is not this farmhouse salad, which also is not this farmhouse salad, which also is not really my favorite, but I'm going to get really my favorite, but I'm going to get really my favorite, but I'm going to get it because I want a salad. And then I it because I want a salad. And then I it because I want a salad. And then I don't know. don't know. don't know. &gt;&gt; They have another salad. &gt;&gt; They have another salad. &gt;&gt; They have another salad. &gt;&gt; Well, they have the Bosch pear salad, &gt;&gt; Well, they have the Bosch pear salad, &gt;&gt; Well, they have the Bosch pear salad, but I don't need a red wine poach pear. but I don't need a red wine poach pear. but I don't need a red wine poach pear. Crispy lardons. Maybe I'll try this. Oh, Crispy lardons. Maybe I'll try this. Oh, Crispy lardons. Maybe I'll try this. Oh, the rack of lamb. Yeah, that would be the rack of lamb. Yeah, that would be the rack of lamb. Yeah, that would be good. good. good. &gt;&gt; So, the lamb is really good and the &gt;&gt; So, the lamb is really good and the &gt;&gt; So, the lamb is really good and the chateau bion. chateau bion. chateau bion. &gt;&gt; I think I'm gonna get the chateau bion. &gt;&gt; I think I'm gonna get the chateau bion. &gt;&gt; I think I'm gonna get the chateau bion. Here's something interesting that we Here's something interesting that we Here's something interesting that we found. Oliver actually took the menu out found. Oliver actually took the menu out found. Oliver actually took the menu out and the other side has it in in and the other side has it in in and the other side has it in in different languages here. Kind of different languages here. Kind of different languages here. Kind of interesting, right? So, here's what interesting, right? So, here's what interesting, right? So, here's what Oliver got. This is the grilled pork. Oliver got. This is the grilled pork. Oliver got. This is the grilled pork. &gt;&gt; It comes with a brown rice peel off and &gt;&gt; It comes with a brown rice peel off and &gt;&gt; It comes with a brown rice peel off and veggies. veggies. veggies. &gt;&gt; Well, then we got them some applesauce, &gt;&gt; Well, then we got them some applesauce, &gt;&gt; Well, then we got them some applesauce, too. Jackson got the whole wheat penny too. Jackson got the whole wheat penny too. Jackson got the whole wheat penny pasta, which came with some apple pasta, which came with some apple pasta, which came with some apple slices. And we got your applesauce and slices. And we got your applesauce and slices. And we got your applesauce and some vegetables. There's my farmhouse some vegetables. There's my farmhouse some vegetables. There's my farmhouse salad with my potatoes, my crustini. salad with my potatoes, my crustini. salad with my potatoes, my crustini. There's the goat cheese. There's the goat cheese. There's the goat cheese. It's on the other side. You want to try It's on the other side. You want to try It's on the other side. You want to try it? And then my uh greens. Jen and it? And then my uh greens. Jen and it? And then my uh greens. Jen and Oliver are trying the What is it? It's Oliver are trying the What is it? It's Oliver are trying the What is it? It's It's leak and potato. Leak and potato It's leak and potato. Leak and potato It's leak and potato. Leak and potato soup. What do you think? You like it? soup. What do you think? You like it? soup. What do you think? You like it? He's like, "Yum, yum." I can't tell. I He's like, "Yum, yum." I can't tell. I He's like, "Yum, yum." I can't tell. I think it's good. think it's good. think it's good. &gt;&gt; Here's the Chateau Bion fillet of steak. &gt;&gt; Here's the Chateau Bion fillet of steak. &gt;&gt; Here's the Chateau Bion fillet of steak. Look at these potatoes over here. Jen, Look at these potatoes over here. Jen, Look at these potatoes over here. Jen, also what's this? also what's this? also what's this? &gt;&gt; This is the salmon Royale. &gt;&gt; This is the salmon Royale. &gt;&gt; This is the salmon Royale. &gt;&gt; Ooh, the royal salmon. Eh, &gt;&gt; Ooh, the royal salmon. Eh, &gt;&gt; Ooh, the royal salmon. Eh, &gt;&gt; so it has a horseradish like crust on &gt;&gt; so it has a horseradish like crust on &gt;&gt; so it has a horseradish like crust on top, truffled cauliflower, and some I top, truffled cauliflower, and some I top, truffled cauliflower, and some I think Swiss chard. think Swiss chard. think Swiss chard. &gt;&gt; I thought it was interesting cuz they do &gt;&gt; I thought it was interesting cuz they do &gt;&gt; I thought it was interesting cuz they do ask like what temperature you want your ask like what temperature you want your ask like what temperature you want your steak at, but it seems like they just steak at, but it seems like they just steak at, but it seems like they just kind of cut it off of a big piece. Oh, kind of cut it off of a big piece. Oh, kind of cut it off of a big piece. Oh, it's like four triangle. Yeah, I think it's like four triangle. Yeah, I think it's like four triangle. Yeah, I think that's I think that's what the trick that's I think that's what the trick that's I think that's what the trick was. was. was. &gt;&gt; She said move one to make four triangle. &gt;&gt; Oh, but that's &gt;&gt; Oh, but that's &gt;&gt; Oh, but that's &gt;&gt; And then how do we make &gt;&gt; And then how do we make &gt;&gt; And then how do we make &gt;&gt; Where's the triangle? &gt;&gt; Where's the triangle? &gt;&gt; Where's the triangle? That was pretty good though, buddy. That was pretty good though, buddy. That was pretty good though, buddy. &gt;&gt; That was really good. &gt;&gt; That was really good. &gt;&gt; That was really good. &gt;&gt; That's what we're talking about. So, I &gt;&gt; That's what we're talking about. So, I &gt;&gt; That's what we're talking about. So, I kind of made a number four there. kind of made a number four there. kind of made a number four there. &gt;&gt; Look at Oliver's building his own thing. &gt;&gt; Look at Oliver's building his own thing. &gt;&gt; Look at Oliver's building his own thing. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You're doing great, buddy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You're doing great, buddy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You're doing great, buddy. &gt;&gt; Well, that looks like four triangle to &gt;&gt; Well, that looks like four triangle to &gt;&gt; Well, that looks like four triangle to me, right? This is the apple tart me, right? This is the apple tart me, right? This is the apple tart tartan. Try this one. And this is the tartan. Try this one. And this is the tartan. Try this one. And this is the strawberry shortcake sundae. strawberry shortcake sundae. strawberry shortcake sundae. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; This is the chocolate duo. This is the &gt;&gt; This is the chocolate duo. This is the &gt;&gt; This is the chocolate duo. This is the no sugar added. It's like Oh my no sugar added. It's like Oh my no sugar added. It's like Oh my goodness. What is that? Is that an apple goodness. What is that? Is that an apple goodness. What is that? Is that an apple ring? ring? ring? &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; So they came and said, "You did it &gt;&gt; So they came and said, "You did it &gt;&gt; So they came and said, "You did it wrong." wrong." wrong." &gt;&gt; But kind of right. &gt;&gt; But kind of right. &gt;&gt; But kind of right. &gt;&gt; Kind of right. This is the right answer. &gt;&gt; Kind of right. This is the right answer. &gt;&gt; Kind of right. This is the right answer. &gt;&gt; So they must have like a book. &gt;&gt; So they must have like a book. &gt;&gt; So they must have like a book. &gt;&gt; Don't memorize this and go on a Disney &gt;&gt; Don't memorize this and go on a Disney &gt;&gt; Don't memorize this and go on a Disney cruise. cruise. cruise. &gt;&gt; They must have like a book puzzles like &gt;&gt; They must have like a book puzzles like &gt;&gt; They must have like a book puzzles like that you can do with crayons cuz they that you can do with crayons cuz they that you can do with crayons cuz they all kind of do the same ones. all kind of do the same ones. all kind of do the same ones. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I never remember the answer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I never remember the answer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I never remember the answer. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; They they um &gt;&gt; They they um &gt;&gt; They they um &gt;&gt; It's like &gt;&gt; It's like &gt;&gt; It's like &gt;&gt; they impress me every time. &gt;&gt; they impress me every time. &gt;&gt; they impress me every time. &gt;&gt; Right. So, look at this. There's an &gt;&gt; Right. So, look at this. There's an &gt;&gt; Right. So, look at this. There's an apple on top and there's a puff pastry apple on top and there's a puff pastry apple on top and there's a puff pastry underneath. Like if I pull off this underneath. Like if I pull off this underneath. Like if I pull off this piece of apple, piece of apple, piece of apple, &gt;&gt; that's a puff pastry right there. Will &gt;&gt; that's a puff pastry right there. Will &gt;&gt; that's a puff pastry right there. Will you use use your fork to get it off you use use your fork to get it off you use use your fork to get it off mine? mine? mine? &gt;&gt; Do you like it? &gt;&gt; Do you like it? &gt;&gt; Do you like it? &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you like it? Is it good? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you like it? Is it good? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you like it? Is it good? Yeah. What do you think, Oliver? What do you think, Oliver? What do you think, Oliver? How did you get the world's biggest How did you get the world's biggest How did you get the world's biggest spoon? spoon? spoon? &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. At this point in the day, I stop asking At this point in the day, I stop asking At this point in the day, I stop asking questions. questions. questions. &gt;&gt; Everybody's set up for the tree &gt;&gt; Everybody's set up for the tree &gt;&gt; Everybody's set up for the tree lighting. There's going to be another lighting. There's going to be another lighting. There's going to be another one at 10:00. I think we're going to get one at 10:00. I think we're going to get one at 10:00. I think we're going to get the kids to bed and I'll come back out the kids to bed and I'll come back out the kids to bed and I'll come back out for the one at 10:00 tonight. Having a for the one at 10:00 tonight. Having a for the one at 10:00 tonight. Having a look at the gingerbread house a little look at the gingerbread house a little look at the gingerbread house a little bit. bit. bit. &gt;&gt; We had a seal. &gt;&gt; We had a seal. &gt;&gt; We had a seal. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; I don't know why these guys like just &gt;&gt; I don't know why these guys like just &gt;&gt; I don't know why these guys like just destroying the seal or destroying the destroying the seal or destroying the destroying the seal or destroying the towel animal. Let this be a lesson to towel animal. Let this be a lesson to towel animal. Let this be a lesson to you. the way that the faucets work on you. the way that the faucets work on you. the way that the faucets work on the Fantasy. If you turn that knob the Fantasy. If you turn that knob the Fantasy. If you turn that knob backwards, backwards, backwards, it springs you on the face with water. it springs you on the face with water. it springs you on the face with water. So, I got my whole side of my head's So, I got my whole side of my head's So, I got my whole side of my head's wet. See, got a little bit of water on wet. See, got a little bit of water on wet. See, got a little bit of water on my shirt, but not a lot. But still, I my shirt, but not a lot. But still, I my shirt, but not a lot. But still, I got wet. Filling up the bathtub. And I got wet. Filling up the bathtub. And I got wet. Filling up the bathtub. And I just want to let you guys know how rough just want to let you guys know how rough just want to let you guys know how rough the seas are out here. Look at it just the seas are out here. Look at it just the seas are out here. Look at it just shaking back and forth. shaking back and forth. shaking back and forth. &gt;&gt; All right, it's almost time for bed. &gt;&gt; All right, it's almost time for bed. &gt;&gt; All right, it's almost time for bed. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oliver Oliver, that's enough. That's &gt;&gt; Oliver Oliver, that's enough. That's &gt;&gt; Oliver Oliver, that's enough. That's enough. enough. enough. &gt;&gt; Oliver. Oliver, we're very tired. &gt;&gt; Oliver. Oliver, we're very tired. &gt;&gt; Oliver. Oliver, we're very tired. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we're reading Driving Buddies &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we're reading Driving Buddies &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we're reading Driving Buddies about Mater and Lightning McQueen. about Mater and Lightning McQueen. about Mater and Lightning McQueen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And their buddies who drive around town, &gt;&gt; And their buddies who drive around town, &gt;&gt; And their buddies who drive around town, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; What's the last one? What What was the &gt;&gt; What's the last one? What What was the &gt;&gt; What's the last one? What What was the last book? last book? last book? &gt;&gt; You've been reading &gt;&gt; You've been reading &gt;&gt; You've been reading &gt;&gt; Five Minute Christmas Stories, too. &gt;&gt; Five Minute Christmas Stories, too. &gt;&gt; Five Minute Christmas Stories, too. &gt;&gt; It was about how Mickey helped Santa &gt;&gt; It was about how Mickey helped Santa &gt;&gt; It was about how Mickey helped Santa Claus finish his Christmas deliveries Claus finish his Christmas deliveries Claus finish his Christmas deliveries because all of the reindeer were because all of the reindeer were because all of the reindeer were sneezing. sneezing. sneezing. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; yes. And Santa. &gt;&gt; yes. And Santa. &gt;&gt; yes. And Santa. &gt;&gt; All right. So, Jen and the kids are in &gt;&gt; All right. So, Jen and the kids are in &gt;&gt; All right. So, Jen and the kids are in bed. I am going down to deck three. I bed. I am going down to deck three. I bed. I am going down to deck three. I might go to deck four. to watch the tree might go to deck four. to watch the tree might go to deck four. to watch the tree lighting and then we'll see Mrs. Claus lighting and then we'll see Mrs. Claus lighting and then we'll see Mrs. Claus do her story time. Like the tree do her story time. Like the tree do her story time. Like the tree lighting I should see from kind of far lighting I should see from kind of far lighting I should see from kind of far away, right? So that makes sense to be away, right? So that makes sense to be away, right? So that makes sense to be on four looking at it. But Mrs. Claus, on four looking at it. But Mrs. Claus, on four looking at it. But Mrs. Claus, I'd like to be close up to see Mrs. I'd like to be close up to see Mrs. I'd like to be close up to see Mrs. Claus. But I'm going to go to four. I'd Claus. But I'm going to go to four. I'd Claus. But I'm going to go to four. I'd love to be where like the lighting guys love to be where like the lighting guys love to be where like the lighting guys or the sound guys are. But I could be or the sound guys are. But I could be or the sound guys are. But I could be kind of right here cuz Mrs. Claus will kind of right here cuz Mrs. Claus will kind of right here cuz Mrs. Claus will be right down there and I'll be able to be right down there and I'll be able to be right down there and I'll be able to see the tree lighting here, too. Yeah, I see the tree lighting here, too. Yeah, I see the tree lighting here, too. Yeah, I think that's what we're going to do. I think that's what we're going to do. I think that's what we're going to do. I could get even closer to the tree and be could get even closer to the tree and be could get even closer to the tree and be right here, but then we can't see the right here, but then we can't see the right here, but then we can't see the whole tree. Oh, yeah. All right. This is whole tree. Oh, yeah. All right. This is whole tree. Oh, yeah. All right. This is what it's like being a vlogger, by the what it's like being a vlogger, by the what it's like being a vlogger, by the way. way. way. Yeah, I think this is it. And we can see Yeah, I think this is it. And we can see Yeah, I think this is it. And we can see the the star and everything, the the star and everything, the the star and everything, but we started uh playing the piano but we started uh playing the piano but we started uh playing the piano here. I know this song, but I couldn't tell I know this song, but I couldn't tell I know this song, but I couldn't tell you what it is. Oh, what is love? you what it is. Oh, what is love? you what it is. Oh, what is love? Don't hurt me, Don't hurt me, Don't hurt me, baby. Don't hurt me. I just noticed the baby. Don't hurt me. I just noticed the baby. Don't hurt me. I just noticed the stockings on the stairwell over here on stockings on the stairwell over here on stockings on the stairwell over here on the staircase. What about Donald and the staircase. What about Donald and the staircase. What about Donald and Daisy? Where are their stockings? I Daisy? Where are their stockings? I Daisy? Where are their stockings? I found out why it's those four stockings found out why it's those four stockings found out why it's those four stockings cuz they're the four that are here to cuz they're the four that are here to cuz they're the four that are here to light the tree. &gt;&gt; These people are ready. That's why &gt;&gt; These people are ready. That's why &gt;&gt; These people are ready. That's why Donald can't be in the show. He's out Donald can't be in the show. He's out Donald can't be in the show. He's out wandering around the ship. This holiday season This holiday season This holiday season is coming is coming is coming Christmas. The best part about the holidays is The best part about the holidays is The best part about the holidays is spending time with friends like you spending time with friends like you spending time with friends like you around the Christmas tree. I person jingle all the Heat. Heat. Did you hear that? It's Christmas tree. to all of you. We wish you a merry to all of you. We wish you a merry to all of you. We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas. for joining us everybody for joining us everybody for joining us everybody &gt;&gt; and sing along &gt;&gt; and sing along &gt;&gt; and sing along and this has been the best ever even more time to come. See you real even more time to come. See you real even more time to come. See you real soon. &gt;&gt; Came down here by the tree because we're &gt;&gt; Came down here by the tree because we're &gt;&gt; Came down here by the tree because we're going to watch Mrs. Claus do story time. going to watch Mrs. Claus do story time. going to watch Mrs. Claus do story time. &gt;&gt; I'm so excited to share some merry time &gt;&gt; I'm so excited to share some merry time &gt;&gt; I'm so excited to share some merry time with you today. Would you like to hear with you today. Would you like to hear with you today. Would you like to hear some stories about the holidays? some stories about the holidays? some stories about the holidays? I thought you right. I am the tree I thought you right. I am the tree I thought you right. I am the tree that's meant to be alone. I I shivered. that's meant to be alone. I I shivered. that's meant to be alone. I I shivered. I shuddered. Is anyone there who could I shuddered. Is anyone there who could I shuddered. Is anyone there who could speak the language of tree and speak the language of tree and speak the language of tree and understand me? Everyone brought berries, understand me? Everyone brought berries, understand me? Everyone brought berries, feathers, nuts, and flowers. They feathers, nuts, and flowers. They feathers, nuts, and flowers. They dressed me for hours and hours until I dressed me for hours and hours until I dressed me for hours and hours until I was a jolly festive tree. Isn't that a was a jolly festive tree. Isn't that a was a jolly festive tree. Isn't that a wonderful story? Oh, one of my wonderful story? Oh, one of my wonderful story? Oh, one of my favorites. favorites. favorites. Well, thank you all for being such good Well, thank you all for being such good Well, thank you all for being such good listeners. That is all the stories I listeners. That is all the stories I listeners. That is all the stories I brought with me today. I do have a brought with me today. I do have a brought with me today. I do have a surprise for you. Would you like to see? surprise for you. Would you like to see? surprise for you. Would you like to see? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Think of a special holiday wish. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Think of a special holiday wish. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Think of a special holiday wish. Something that's very near and dear to Something that's very near and dear to Something that's very near and dear to your heart. When I count to three, we're your heart. When I count to three, we're your heart. When I count to three, we're all going to turn around and say happy all going to turn around and say happy all going to turn around and say happy holidays. 1 2 3. Happy holidays. holidays. 1 2 3. Happy holidays. holidays. 1 2 3. Happy holidays. Oh, it's my friends Nikki and Minnie and Oh, it's my friends Nikki and Minnie and Oh, it's my friends Nikki and Minnie and Goofy. Oh, thank you all so much for Goofy. Oh, thank you all so much for Goofy. Oh, thank you all so much for coming to share some merry time with us coming to share some merry time with us coming to share some merry time with us today. today. today. &gt;&gt; The goop is out here dancing around. &gt;&gt; The goop is out here dancing around. &gt;&gt; The goop is out here dancing around. Minnie. Oh, Mickey's over there. Did want to also mention it is Hanukkah Did want to also mention it is Hanukkah Did want to also mention it is Hanukkah right now. So they do have a Hanukkah right now. So they do have a Hanukkah right now. So they do have a Hanukkah lighting every night in Cavanas at lighting every night in Cavanas at lighting every night in Cavanas at around 5:15 I got to say. So like that around 5:15 I got to say. So like that around 5:15 I got to say. So like that last tree lighting started at 10:00. last tree lighting started at 10:00. last tree lighting started at 10:00. Mrs. Claus came out. She was scheduled Mrs. Claus came out. She was scheduled Mrs. Claus came out. She was scheduled around 10:20. She came out a little bit around 10:20. She came out a little bit around 10:20. She came out a little bit early. And then like right now it's early. And then like right now it's early. And then like right now it's dancing out there with characters. So if dancing out there with characters. So if dancing out there with characters. So if your kids can hang, it's worth it your kids can hang, it's worth it your kids can hang, it's worth it because there's not a lot of people in because there's not a lot of people in because there's not a lot of people in the in the atrium right now. But if your the in the atrium right now. But if your the in the atrium right now. But if your kids are like late kids, this is quite kids are like late kids, this is quite kids are like late kids, this is quite the thing to do. Wanted to head into the thing to do. Wanted to head into the thing to do. Wanted to head into Mickey's main sale and see some of their Mickey's main sale and see some of their Mickey's main sale and see some of their very merry time merch like this sparkly very merry time merch like this sparkly very merry time merch like this sparkly shirt. I got this one. Oh, they have a shirt. I got this one. Oh, they have a shirt. I got this one. Oh, they have a pink ribbon version pink ribbon version pink ribbon version of the cruise line one. The sweetest of the cruise line one. The sweetest of the cruise line one. The sweetest time of year. Oh, I thought it was a time of year. Oh, I thought it was a time of year. Oh, I thought it was a cruise line happy Hanukkah shirt. It's cruise line happy Hanukkah shirt. It's cruise line happy Hanukkah shirt. It's just a happy Hanukkah shirt. Have these just a happy Hanukkah shirt. Have these just a happy Hanukkah shirt. Have these tiny stockings with this one has gummy tiny stockings with this one has gummy tiny stockings with this one has gummy wreaths in it. And this one has gummy wreaths in it. And this one has gummy wreaths in it. And this one has gummy snowmen and trees in it. H. And then there's a the blanket. Is H. And then there's a the blanket. Is H. And then there's a the blanket. Is that the only shirt that they have? I'm that the only shirt that they have? I'm that the only shirt that they have? I'm confused. Just that one sparkly shirt. I confused. Just that one sparkly shirt. I confused. Just that one sparkly shirt. I do think this like like yacht hat, Santa do think this like like yacht hat, Santa do think this like like yacht hat, Santa hat, Mickey ears combo is pretty funny. hat, Mickey ears combo is pretty funny. hat, Mickey ears combo is pretty funny. They do have this button-down shirt, They do have this button-down shirt, They do have this button-down shirt, too, but I'm not seeing just like a too, but I'm not seeing just like a too, but I'm not seeing just like a regular Christmas t-shirt. All right, we regular Christmas t-shirt. All right, we regular Christmas t-shirt. All right, we are headed back to the room right now. are headed back to the room right now. are headed back to the room right now. I'm hoping maybe they're going to get I'm hoping maybe they're going to get I'm hoping maybe they're going to get some more Very Merry Time merch in the some more Very Merry Time merch in the some more Very Merry Time merch in the stores like as the cruise progresses cuz stores like as the cruise progresses cuz stores like as the cruise progresses cuz there wasn't a lot in there right now. I there wasn't a lot in there right now. I there wasn't a lot in there right now. I know we are towards the end of the know we are towards the end of the know we are towards the end of the season, but I thought there would be season, but I thought there would be season, but I thought there would be more. So, uh yeah, it was a fantastic more. So, uh yeah, it was a fantastic more. So, uh yeah, it was a fantastic day. Exciting first day. We're not going day. Exciting first day. We're not going day. Exciting first day. We're not going to get off the ship in Nassau. I already to get off the ship in Nassau. I already to get off the ship in Nassau. I already talked to Danzel and we were not able to talked to Danzel and we were not able to talked to Danzel and we were not able to meet up this time, but the next time we meet up this time, but the next time we meet up this time, but the next time we come, I think we are going to meet up. come, I think we are going to meet up. come, I think we are going to meet up. Tomorrow is going to be a good time. Tomorrow is going to be a good time. Tomorrow is going to be a good time. We're going to stay on the ship. Santa, We're going to stay on the ship. Santa, We're going to stay on the ship. Santa, we're gonna see Santa tomorrow. It's we're gonna see Santa tomorrow. It's we're gonna see Santa tomorrow. It's gonna be fun. So, uh I think we'll see gonna be fun. So, uh I think we'll see gonna be fun. So, uh I think we'll see you guys tomorrow morning. &gt;&gt; Good morning and welcome to NASA. &gt;&gt; Good morning and welcome to NASA. &gt;&gt; Good morning and welcome to NASA. &gt;&gt; We're here. Our beautiful view of the &gt;&gt; We're here. Our beautiful view of the &gt;&gt; We're here. Our beautiful view of the Carnival Martyra. Carnival Martyra. Carnival Martyra. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Look, we're right next to the &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Look, we're right next to the &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Look, we're right next to the Carnival Marty GR ship. No, not Carnival Marty GR ship. No, not Carnival Marty GR ship. No, not &gt;&gt; it's huge. &gt;&gt; it's huge. &gt;&gt; it's huge. &gt;&gt; The kids, they slept okay. They came &gt;&gt; The kids, they slept okay. They came &gt;&gt; The kids, they slept okay. They came into our bed kind of a lot last night. into our bed kind of a lot last night. into our bed kind of a lot last night. So, nobody really got great sleep. So, nobody really got great sleep. So, nobody really got great sleep. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; but you know, &gt;&gt; but you know, &gt;&gt; but you know, &gt;&gt; I don't know why, but Jackson likes to &gt;&gt; I don't know why, but Jackson likes to &gt;&gt; I don't know why, but Jackson likes to sleep this way. sleep this way. sleep this way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like across. So, I'll be here, Tim &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like across. So, I'll be here, Tim &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like across. So, I'll be here, Tim will be here, and then Jackson will be will be here, and then Jackson will be will be here, and then Jackson will be here. here. here. &gt;&gt; So, he'll have his head on Jen and his &gt;&gt; So, he'll have his head on Jen and his &gt;&gt; So, he'll have his head on Jen and his feet on my face. feet on my face. feet on my face. &gt;&gt; So, um you know, it's time for coffee, I &gt;&gt; So, um you know, it's time for coffee, I &gt;&gt; So, um you know, it's time for coffee, I think. think. think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right, you guys. You ready? Oh, &gt;&gt; All right, you guys. You ready? Oh, &gt;&gt; All right, you guys. You ready? Oh, &gt;&gt; we got our matching shirts on. This is &gt;&gt; we got our matching shirts on. This is &gt;&gt; we got our matching shirts on. This is going to be the cruise of matching going to be the cruise of matching going to be the cruise of matching shirts. I think shirts. I think shirts. I think &gt;&gt; this is your light. &gt;&gt; this is your light. &gt;&gt; this is your light. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's my book light so I can read &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's my book light so I can read &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's my book light so I can read my book for the book club. I brought my my book for the book club. I brought my my book for the book club. I brought my book club. My book club book. Say that book club. My book club book. Say that book club. My book club book. Say that five times fast. five times fast. five times fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. We're down at uh Cabanas &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. We're down at uh Cabanas &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. We're down at uh Cabanas this morning. Was I thought it was going this morning. Was I thought it was going this morning. Was I thought it was going to be less crowded because we got up so to be less crowded because we got up so to be less crowded because we got up so late. It was very crowded. Here's my late. It was very crowded. Here's my late. It was very crowded. Here's my plate, though. I got some rice. I love plate, though. I got some rice. I love plate, though. I got some rice. I love the rice. I got a little croissant. That the rice. I got a little croissant. That the rice. I got a little croissant. That was really for Oliver. Eggs, bacon. The was really for Oliver. Eggs, bacon. The was really for Oliver. Eggs, bacon. The bacon is extra crispy. It's so good bacon is extra crispy. It's so good bacon is extra crispy. It's so good today. And they have the regular. I knew today. And they have the regular. I knew today. And they have the regular. I knew you would want that. That's why I got it you would want that. That's why I got it you would want that. That's why I got it for you. for you. for you. &gt;&gt; How did I know? &gt;&gt; How did I know? &gt;&gt; How did I know? &gt;&gt; They have ham and cheese croissants, &gt;&gt; They have ham and cheese croissants, &gt;&gt; They have ham and cheese croissants, too. They're good for me. too. They're good for me. too. They're good for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I couldn't I didn't see those, so &gt;&gt; Yeah. I couldn't I didn't see those, so &gt;&gt; Yeah. I couldn't I didn't see those, so I didn't get one. I didn't get one. I didn't get one. &gt;&gt; Oh, I already ate them. &gt;&gt; Oh, I already ate them. &gt;&gt; Oh, I already ate them. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go back up. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go back up. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go back up. &gt;&gt; Tim got his meaty omelette. They have &gt;&gt; Tim got his meaty omelette. They have &gt;&gt; Tim got his meaty omelette. They have the regular hash browns on this cruise, the regular hash browns on this cruise, the regular hash browns on this cruise, which is awesome. These are so good. And which is awesome. These are so good. And which is awesome. These are so good. And then I got a little mango lassie and then I got a little mango lassie and then I got a little mango lassie and some asparagus. All right, we're all some asparagus. All right, we're all some asparagus. All right, we're all done with breakfast. What is that? All right, I would hide one of those All right, I would hide one of those All right, I would hide one of those little ducks in his mouth. little ducks in his mouth. little ducks in his mouth. &gt;&gt; Well, that's what I thought you were &gt;&gt; Well, that's what I thought you were &gt;&gt; Well, that's what I thought you were going to do earlier. All right, you want going to do earlier. All right, you want going to do earlier. All right, you want to get in? to get in? to get in? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I also made them some sandwiches while &gt;&gt; I also made them some sandwiches while &gt;&gt; I also made them some sandwiches while while we were at breakfast for lunch, while we were at breakfast for lunch, while we were at breakfast for lunch, cuz every day for lunch, Here we are, by cuz every day for lunch, Here we are, by cuz every day for lunch, Here we are, by the way. We're in the elevator. But the way. We're in the elevator. But the way. We're in the elevator. But every day for lunch, they have a every day for lunch, they have a every day for lunch, they have a Hawaiian roll with peanut butter, like a Hawaiian roll with peanut butter, like a Hawaiian roll with peanut butter, like a peanut butter sandwich. So, I made them peanut butter sandwich. So, I made them peanut butter sandwich. So, I made them that at the breakfast buffet. where they that at the breakfast buffet. where they that at the breakfast buffet. where they have their like normal lunch cuz usually have their like normal lunch cuz usually have their like normal lunch cuz usually they would just have like fried chicken they would just have like fried chicken they would just have like fried chicken or or or &gt;&gt; um pizza, but sometimes they just want a &gt;&gt; um pizza, but sometimes they just want a &gt;&gt; um pizza, but sometimes they just want a sandwich. Oh no, we we broke our duck sandwich. Oh no, we we broke our duck sandwich. Oh no, we we broke our duck that we found. You know what? I bet that we found. You know what? I bet that we found. You know what? I bet we'll find another one. They're kind of we'll find another one. They're kind of we'll find another one. They're kind of all over. all over. all over. &gt;&gt; I found a painting that you can drive &gt;&gt; I found a painting that you can drive &gt;&gt; I found a painting that you can drive the ship around the painting. Also, the ship around the painting. Also, the ship around the painting. Also, every ship these days has these smelly every ship these days has these smelly every ship these days has these smelly things on it, but they don't hide them. things on it, but they don't hide them. things on it, but they don't hide them. They just kind of like put them there on They just kind of like put them there on They just kind of like put them there on the ground. the ground. the ground. &gt;&gt; What is the What's the smell? &gt;&gt; What is the What's the smell? &gt;&gt; What is the What's the smell? &gt;&gt; You don't smell it right now? Mm-m. &gt;&gt; You don't smell it right now? Mm-m. &gt;&gt; You don't smell it right now? Mm-m. &gt;&gt; H. It's different everywhere that you &gt;&gt; H. It's different everywhere that you &gt;&gt; H. It's different everywhere that you go. Like every area. go. Like every area. go. Like every area. &gt;&gt; Maybe I do smell it. &gt;&gt; Maybe I do smell it. &gt;&gt; Maybe I do smell it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What is it supposed to smell like? &gt;&gt; What is it supposed to smell like? &gt;&gt; What is it supposed to smell like? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I can't describe what it &gt;&gt; I don't know. I can't describe what it &gt;&gt; I don't know. I can't describe what it smells like. It smells like every Yeah, smells like. It smells like every Yeah, smells like. It smells like every Yeah, I guess so. I guess so. I guess so. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like not like laundry, but kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like not like laundry, but kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like not like laundry, but kind of like that. Similar similar vibes. like that. Similar similar vibes. like that. Similar similar vibes. &gt;&gt; But like, isn't somebody just going to &gt;&gt; But like, isn't somebody just going to &gt;&gt; But like, isn't somebody just going to take one of those? take one of those? take one of those? &gt;&gt; Where do you No. &gt;&gt; Where do you No. &gt;&gt; Where do you No. &gt;&gt; What do you mean? &gt;&gt; What do you mean? &gt;&gt; What do you mean? &gt;&gt; Here's a little Easter egg for you. So, &gt;&gt; Here's a little Easter egg for you. So, &gt;&gt; Here's a little Easter egg for you. So, we're over here by Bibbid Bobby. That's we're over here by Bibbid Bobby. That's we're over here by Bibbid Bobby. That's where we are. This is Bibbidity Bobby where we are. This is Bibbidity Bobby where we are. This is Bibbidity Bobby Boutique on the ship right here. So, Boutique on the ship right here. So, Boutique on the ship right here. So, this is a Peter Pan painting where you this is a Peter Pan painting where you this is a Peter Pan painting where you can drive a ship maybe around Mermaid can drive a ship maybe around Mermaid can drive a ship maybe around Mermaid Lagoon on uh Never Neverland, right? But Lagoon on uh Never Neverland, right? But Lagoon on uh Never Neverland, right? But here's your little Easter egg. JM Berry here's your little Easter egg. JM Berry here's your little Easter egg. JM Berry Limited London. JM Berry is who wrote Limited London. JM Berry is who wrote Limited London. JM Berry is who wrote Peter Pan. So, there you go. Look at Peter Pan. So, there you go. Look at Peter Pan. So, there you go. Look at that little Easter egg. that little Easter egg. that little Easter egg. &gt;&gt; Look at that. So yesterday we went into &gt;&gt; Look at that. So yesterday we went into &gt;&gt; Look at that. So yesterday we went into uh it's a Small World Nursery for an uh it's a Small World Nursery for an uh it's a Small World Nursery for an open house and Oliver loved it and so open house and Oliver loved it and so open house and Oliver loved it and so he's been asking to go back to it and he's been asking to go back to it and he's been asking to go back to it and we've explained to him if you go back to we've explained to him if you go back to we've explained to him if you go back to it's a small world nursery you have to it's a small world nursery you have to it's a small world nursery you have to go in by yourself. He said okay. And go in by yourself. He said okay. And go in by yourself. He said okay. And then because Oliver is going into the then because Oliver is going into the then because Oliver is going into the nursery, Jackson has miraculously nursery, Jackson has miraculously nursery, Jackson has miraculously decided that he wants to go into the decided that he wants to go into the decided that he wants to go into the kids club. So, right now he's over at kids club. So, right now he's over at kids club. So, right now he's over at Oceaner Lab and we're still working on Oceaner Lab and we're still working on Oceaner Lab and we're still working on getting Oliver into It's a Small World. getting Oliver into It's a Small World. getting Oliver into It's a Small World. We're seeing if there's any openings We're seeing if there's any openings We're seeing if there's any openings right now. It's a Small World is $10 an right now. It's a Small World is $10 an right now. It's a Small World is $10 an hour. The kids club is included, but he hour. The kids club is included, but he hour. The kids club is included, but he needs to be three and potty trained to needs to be three and potty trained to needs to be three and potty trained to go into the kids club. He's only two and go into the kids club. He's only two and go into the kids club. He's only two and not potty trained quite yet. All right, not potty trained quite yet. All right, not potty trained quite yet. All right, so there is no times for Oliver right so there is no times for Oliver right so there is no times for Oliver right now. now. now. &gt;&gt; There's coloring time at Laia. Let's go &gt;&gt; There's coloring time at Laia. Let's go &gt;&gt; There's coloring time at Laia. Let's go to Laia. Let's to Laia. Let's to Laia. Let's &gt;&gt; go to Laia. &gt;&gt; go to Laia. &gt;&gt; go to Laia. &gt;&gt; So, there was no times for Oliver, &gt;&gt; So, there was no times for Oliver, &gt;&gt; So, there was no times for Oliver, &gt;&gt; but Jackson, we're on five. &gt;&gt; but Jackson, we're on five. &gt;&gt; but Jackson, we're on five. &gt;&gt; We're going to go down one and color. &gt;&gt; We're going to go down one and color. &gt;&gt; We're going to go down one and color. So, there was no uh times in the nursery So, there was no uh times in the nursery So, there was no uh times in the nursery for Oliver right now. They have one at for Oliver right now. They have one at for Oliver right now. They have one at like 1:30, but also Santa comes out at like 1:30, but also Santa comes out at like 1:30, but also Santa comes out at &gt;&gt; So, I booked 3:30. They had one at 3:30, &gt;&gt; So, I booked 3:30. They had one at 3:30, &gt;&gt; So, I booked 3:30. They had one at 3:30, too. So, too. So, too. So, &gt;&gt; cuz he was really excited about getting &gt;&gt; cuz he was really excited about getting &gt;&gt; cuz he was really excited about getting in there right now. in there right now. in there right now. &gt;&gt; He goes, "Let me in there." &gt;&gt; He goes, "Let me in there." &gt;&gt; He goes, "Let me in there." &gt;&gt; We couldn't couldn't let him in there. &gt;&gt; We couldn't couldn't let him in there. &gt;&gt; We couldn't couldn't let him in there. Look at this kid. He likes to go down Look at this kid. He likes to go down Look at this kid. He likes to go down the stairs on his own. the stairs on his own. the stairs on his own. &gt;&gt; And we're going to La Piaza right now &gt;&gt; And we're going to La Piaza right now &gt;&gt; And we're going to La Piaza right now cuz they have coloring time. Family cuz they have coloring time. Family cuz they have coloring time. Family coloring time. coloring time. coloring time. &gt;&gt; Color. What do you do? &gt;&gt; Color. What do you do? &gt;&gt; Color. What do you do? &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. It says &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. It says &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. It says Europa, Europa, Europa, but we're going to La Piaza. but we're going to La Piaza. but we're going to La Piaza. &gt;&gt; I totally forgot the name of the uh this &gt;&gt; I totally forgot the name of the uh this &gt;&gt; I totally forgot the name of the uh this area. I've met so many people on this area. I've met so many people on this area. I've met so many people on this ship that have this is their second ship that have this is their second ship that have this is their second cruise and their first cruise is on the cruise and their first cruise is on the cruise and their first cruise is on the wish. wish. wish. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; and it's such a different &gt;&gt; and it's such a different &gt;&gt; and it's such a different layout. layout. layout. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; So, I was trying to explain to them how &gt;&gt; So, I was trying to explain to them how &gt;&gt; So, I was trying to explain to them how like all of the night life is in one like all of the night life is in one like all of the night life is in one area here area here area here &gt;&gt; and I couldn't remember the name of &gt;&gt; and I couldn't remember the name of &gt;&gt; and I couldn't remember the name of Europa. Europa. Europa. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm like, the tube, &gt;&gt; I'm like, the tube, &gt;&gt; I'm like, the tube, &gt;&gt; the tube, the tube. There it is. The &gt;&gt; the tube, the tube. There it is. The &gt;&gt; the tube, the tube. There it is. The tube. tube. tube. &gt;&gt; So, wait, where's LA? La Piaza is kind &gt;&gt; So, wait, where's LA? La Piaza is kind &gt;&gt; So, wait, where's LA? La Piaza is kind of back this way. Oliver, do you want to of back this way. Oliver, do you want to of back this way. Oliver, do you want to drive a Vespa? Like Senor Vespa? I don't drive a Vespa? Like Senor Vespa? I don't drive a Vespa? Like Senor Vespa? I don't know if this technically is a Vespa. Do know if this technically is a Vespa. Do know if this technically is a Vespa. Do you want to get in the driver's seat? you want to get in the driver's seat? you want to get in the driver's seat? Oh, it is a Vesa. Look at that. Come Oh, it is a Vesa. Look at that. Come Oh, it is a Vesa. Look at that. Come around this side. You want to drive it? around this side. You want to drive it? around this side. You want to drive it? &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, you stand in there and then turn this you stand in there and then turn this you stand in there and then turn this or pull this pull this handle maybe. or pull this pull this handle maybe. or pull this pull this handle maybe. &gt;&gt; Did anything happen? You like it, buddy? &gt;&gt; Did anything happen? You like it, buddy? &gt;&gt; Did anything happen? You like it, buddy? He said, "I'm driving." He said, "I'm driving." He said, "I'm driving." &gt;&gt; I'm driving. &gt;&gt; I'm driving. &gt;&gt; I'm driving. &gt;&gt; We came in to La Pia and we're making a &gt;&gt; We came in to La Pia and we're making a &gt;&gt; We came in to La Pia and we're making a Forky. So, we missed the porky time, but Forky. So, we missed the porky time, but Forky. So, we missed the porky time, but they still had some left. So, they love they still had some left. So, they love they still had some left. So, they love Stewart. Here's the start of our Forky. Stewart. Here's the start of our Forky. Stewart. Here's the start of our Forky. &gt;&gt; Well, it looks good. Here's the start of &gt;&gt; Well, it looks good. Here's the start of &gt;&gt; Well, it looks good. Here's the start of mine. mine. mine. &gt;&gt; So, do you want to put his mouth on? &gt;&gt; So, do you want to put his mouth on? &gt;&gt; So, do you want to put his mouth on? &gt;&gt; This is her original Fork Forthan thei. &gt;&gt; This is her original Fork Forthan thei. &gt;&gt; This is her original Fork Forthan thei. &gt;&gt; I feel like you did pretty good. &gt;&gt; I feel like you did pretty good. &gt;&gt; I feel like you did pretty good. &gt;&gt; Let's see Oliver's. Wait, are you ready? &gt;&gt; Let's see Oliver's. Wait, are you ready? &gt;&gt; Let's see Oliver's. Wait, are you ready? Oh, you give him a necklace. Oh, you give him a necklace. Oh, you give him a necklace. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; Oh, I just noticed the fun Christmas &gt;&gt; Oh, I just noticed the fun Christmas &gt;&gt; Oh, I just noticed the fun Christmas decorations in La Piaza. decorations in La Piaza. decorations in La Piaza. &gt;&gt; You know what was so funny? Um, Oliver, &gt;&gt; You know what was so funny? Um, Oliver, &gt;&gt; You know what was so funny? Um, Oliver, when we were trying to check him into when we were trying to check him into when we were trying to check him into the kids club and you were checking the kids club and you were checking the kids club and you were checking Jackson into the Oceaner lab, I said, Jackson into the Oceaner lab, I said, Jackson into the Oceaner lab, I said, "Okay, now we need to find Daddy." He "Okay, now we need to find Daddy." He "Okay, now we need to find Daddy." He goes, "Okay, daddy's wearing a red shirt goes, "Okay, daddy's wearing a red shirt goes, "Okay, daddy's wearing a red shirt with Mickey on it." with Mickey on it." with Mickey on it." &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Isn't that interesting? &gt;&gt; Isn't that interesting? &gt;&gt; Isn't that interesting? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, he like &gt;&gt; So, he like &gt;&gt; So, he like that's how he knew who you were. that's how he knew who you were. that's how he knew who you were. &gt;&gt; That's it. He doesn't know anything else &gt;&gt; That's it. He doesn't know anything else &gt;&gt; That's it. He doesn't know anything else about me about me about me &gt;&gt; other than the color of my shirt. &gt;&gt; other than the color of my shirt. &gt;&gt; other than the color of my shirt. &gt;&gt; He goes, "Okay." He has a red shirt with &gt;&gt; He goes, "Okay." He has a red shirt with &gt;&gt; He goes, "Okay." He has a red shirt with Mickey on it. I thought that was like Mickey on it. I thought that was like Mickey on it. I thought that was like very smart. very smart. very smart. &gt;&gt; That was Oh, look at Daisy. He's very &gt;&gt; That was Oh, look at Daisy. He's very &gt;&gt; That was Oh, look at Daisy. He's very beautiful. beautiful. beautiful. &gt;&gt; They're bow. &gt;&gt; They're bow. &gt;&gt; They're bow. &gt;&gt; Where are you going? Adventures of Forky &gt;&gt; Where are you going? Adventures of Forky &gt;&gt; Where are you going? Adventures of Forky McForkerson McForkerson McForkerson traveling the world. Oh, by the way, the traveling the world. Oh, by the way, the traveling the world. Oh, by the way, the fantasy did just come off of dry dock fantasy did just come off of dry dock fantasy did just come off of dry dock and they added a tower suite and some and they added a tower suite and some and they added a tower suite and some more concierge rooms. more concierge rooms. more concierge rooms. &gt;&gt; So, there's a tower suite on &gt;&gt; So, there's a tower suite on &gt;&gt; So, there's a tower suite on &gt;&gt; the Hercules one. &gt;&gt; the Hercules one. &gt;&gt; the Hercules one. &gt;&gt; I don't know what the theme of the No, &gt;&gt; I don't know what the theme of the No, &gt;&gt; I don't know what the theme of the No, it wouldn't be Hercules. All right, it wouldn't be Hercules. All right, it wouldn't be Hercules. All right, dropped stuff off at the room. Now, dropped stuff off at the room. Now, dropped stuff off at the room. Now, we're back in cabanas for some lunch. We we're back in cabanas for some lunch. We we're back in cabanas for some lunch. We going to eat some crab legs. going to eat some crab legs. going to eat some crab legs. &gt;&gt; Do you want to look and see? &gt;&gt; Do you want to look and see? &gt;&gt; Do you want to look and see? &gt;&gt; There they are. Let's look and see what &gt;&gt; There they are. Let's look and see what &gt;&gt; There they are. Let's look and see what they Well, it wasn't crab legs. It's they Well, it wasn't crab legs. It's they Well, it wasn't crab legs. It's shrimp and dungeonous crab claws. shrimp and dungeonous crab claws. shrimp and dungeonous crab claws. And then you got to get little little And then you got to get little little And then you got to get little little chompers, too, to break them open. Over chompers, too, to break them open. Over chompers, too, to break them open. Over there on the Carnival ship, you can see there on the Carnival ship, you can see there on the Carnival ship, you can see the roller coaster up on top. Quote the roller coaster up on top. Quote the roller coaster up on top. Quote unquote roller coaster. I don't know if unquote roller coaster. I don't know if unquote roller coaster. I don't know if they run it at port. they run it at port. they run it at port. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it go. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it go. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, we're next to the Utopia of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, we're next to the Utopia of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, we're next to the Utopia of the Seas. the Seas. the Seas. &gt;&gt; Is that um a chocolate? &gt;&gt; Is that um a chocolate? &gt;&gt; Is that um a chocolate? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; I can't tell him. &gt;&gt; I can't tell him. &gt;&gt; I can't tell him. &gt;&gt; Is that a chocolate? &gt;&gt; Is that a chocolate? &gt;&gt; Is that a chocolate? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. He did say though, Alder &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. He did say though, Alder &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. He did say though, Alder goes, I want to go on that ship. But I goes, I want to go on that ship. But I goes, I want to go on that ship. But I was like, you do? And he goes, yeah, can was like, you do? And he goes, yeah, can was like, you do? And he goes, yeah, can we go on that pool? I was like, we go on that pool? I was like, we go on that pool? I was like, &gt;&gt; oh yeah, that's an adults only pool. &gt;&gt; oh yeah, that's an adults only pool. &gt;&gt; oh yeah, that's an adults only pool. &gt;&gt; You haven't eaten any of your lunch yet. &gt;&gt; You haven't eaten any of your lunch yet. &gt;&gt; You haven't eaten any of your lunch yet. If you eat your lunch, then you can have If you eat your lunch, then you can have If you eat your lunch, then you can have maybe a little bite of chocolate cookie. maybe a little bite of chocolate cookie. maybe a little bite of chocolate cookie. I want to say shout out to the kid that I want to say shout out to the kid that I want to say shout out to the kid that I just saw in Cabanas with his pizza I just saw in Cabanas with his pizza I just saw in Cabanas with his pizza piled high with crushed red pepper. piled high with crushed red pepper. piled high with crushed red pepper. &gt;&gt; Piled high. &gt;&gt; Piled high. &gt;&gt; Piled high. &gt;&gt; Done with lunch. It was just a quick &gt;&gt; Done with lunch. It was just a quick &gt;&gt; Done with lunch. It was just a quick little like chicken tenders and pizza little like chicken tenders and pizza little like chicken tenders and pizza type lunch. Now Oliver's back in the type lunch. Now Oliver's back in the type lunch. Now Oliver's back in the room. We'll see if he naps. At 1:45 is room. We'll see if he naps. At 1:45 is room. We'll see if he naps. At 1:45 is Santa, but I'm going to wait until the Santa, but I'm going to wait until the Santa, but I'm going to wait until the day at sea to see Santa just cuz day at sea to see Santa just cuz day at sea to see Santa just cuz Oliver's like, he really needs a nap Oliver's like, he really needs a nap Oliver's like, he really needs a nap today. But I was carrying Oliver around today. But I was carrying Oliver around today. But I was carrying Oliver around earlier and I think I lost my magic earlier and I think I lost my magic earlier and I think I lost my magic band. So I'm going to go down to guest band. So I'm going to go down to guest band. So I'm going to go down to guest services and talk to them, see if services and talk to them, see if services and talk to them, see if they've seen it or anything like that. they've seen it or anything like that. they've seen it or anything like that. Then there's not really anything else Then there's not really anything else Then there's not really anything else going on cuz Jackson's in the kids club. going on cuz Jackson's in the kids club. going on cuz Jackson's in the kids club. Jen's up in the room with Oliver. I've Jen's up in the room with Oliver. I've Jen's up in the room with Oliver. I've been like listening to the audio book of been like listening to the audio book of been like listening to the audio book of uh Project Halary. So, I'm just going to uh Project Halary. So, I'm just going to uh Project Halary. So, I'm just going to sit on the deck and listen to that. So, sit on the deck and listen to that. So, sit on the deck and listen to that. So, it hasn't been found. At least nothing it hasn't been found. At least nothing it hasn't been found. At least nothing was turned in. So, they deactivated it, was turned in. So, they deactivated it, was turned in. So, they deactivated it, which I thought was a strange thing that which I thought was a strange thing that which I thought was a strange thing that they did cuz I was like, "Well, it might they did cuz I was like, "Well, it might they did cuz I was like, "Well, it might just be in my room. I might have just just be in my room. I might have just just be in my room. I might have just like lost it in the room." And they're like lost it in the room." And they're like lost it in the room." And they're like, "Well, we'll deactivate anyways. like, "Well, we'll deactivate anyways. like, "Well, we'll deactivate anyways. If you find your room, give us a call If you find your room, give us a call If you find your room, give us a call and we can reactivate it." So, and we can reactivate it." So, and we can reactivate it." So, I don't know. It might be in the room. I I don't know. It might be in the room. I I don't know. It might be in the room. I feel like Jackson put it in the safe cuz feel like Jackson put it in the safe cuz feel like Jackson put it in the safe cuz that seems like a thing that kids would that seems like a thing that kids would that seems like a thing that kids would do. Just passing by the Walt Disney do. Just passing by the Walt Disney do. Just passing by the Walt Disney Theater and one thing that is Theater and one thing that is Theater and one thing that is interesting about Disney cruise is they interesting about Disney cruise is they interesting about Disney cruise is they show first run movies. So tonight at show first run movies. So tonight at show first run movies. So tonight at and Ash. There's also Frozen the and Ash. There's also Frozen the and Ash. There's also Frozen the musicals playing tonight too. But yeah, musicals playing tonight too. But yeah, musicals playing tonight too. But yeah, Avatar the next one. Avatar 3. I was out Avatar the next one. Avatar 3. I was out Avatar the next one. Avatar 3. I was out here on deck 4 and then out of nowhere here on deck 4 and then out of nowhere here on deck 4 and then out of nowhere the armymen came out. It was a pretty the armymen came out. It was a pretty the armymen came out. It was a pretty neat surprise just seeing them kind of neat surprise just seeing them kind of neat surprise just seeing them kind of walking down deck four. walking down deck four. walking down deck four. &gt;&gt; Okay, Oliver did not nap. We did try. &gt;&gt; Okay, Oliver did not nap. We did try. &gt;&gt; Okay, Oliver did not nap. We did try. Okay, so Oliver Okay, so Oliver Okay, so Oliver has requested to go into the nursery. has requested to go into the nursery. has requested to go into the nursery. He's never done this before. He's never He's never done this before. He's never He's never done this before. He's never done anything without us. Like even his done anything without us. Like even his done anything without us. Like even his activities that we do at home, we're in activities that we do at home, we're in activities that we do at home, we're in the class with him. the class with him. the class with him. &gt;&gt; So, this is going to be like all new, &gt;&gt; So, this is going to be like all new, &gt;&gt; So, this is going to be like all new, but he really really wanted to go. He but he really really wanted to go. He but he really really wanted to go. He even told when I was going to sign up even told when I was going to sign up even told when I was going to sign up for it, he even told the lady he wanted for it, he even told the lady he wanted for it, he even told the lady he wanted to go for 4 hours. to go for 4 hours. to go for 4 hours. &gt;&gt; She goes, "How long are you going to &gt;&gt; She goes, "How long are you going to &gt;&gt; She goes, "How long are you going to book it for?" And I go, "I don't know." book it for?" And I go, "I don't know." book it for?" And I go, "I don't know." Uh, and she goes, he goes, and Oliver Uh, and she goes, he goes, and Oliver Uh, and she goes, he goes, and Oliver goes, "4 hours." And yelled it. And I goes, "4 hours." And yelled it. And I goes, "4 hours." And yelled it. And I was like, "I don't know, buddy." That's was like, "I don't know, buddy." That's was like, "I don't know, buddy." That's pretty wild. pretty wild. pretty wild. &gt;&gt; Love your holiday outfit. &gt;&gt; Love your holiday outfit. &gt;&gt; Love your holiday outfit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's amazing. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's amazing. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's amazing. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; What's your favorite part about the &gt;&gt; What's your favorite part about the &gt;&gt; What's your favorite part about the holidays? holidays? holidays? &gt;&gt; I think the food. &gt;&gt; I think the food. &gt;&gt; I think the food. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; We always have a feast during Christmas, &gt;&gt; We always have a feast during Christmas, &gt;&gt; We always have a feast during Christmas, too. too. too. &gt;&gt; I wanted to ask you what book you're &gt;&gt; I wanted to ask you what book you're &gt;&gt; I wanted to ask you what book you're reading right now. reading right now. reading right now. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was reading one about a beantock &gt;&gt; Oh, I was reading one about a beantock &gt;&gt; Oh, I was reading one about a beantock and an ogre this morning. That was good. and an ogre this morning. That was good. and an ogre this morning. That was good. &gt;&gt; About you either. You reading one? &gt;&gt; About you either. You reading one? &gt;&gt; About you either. You reading one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm reading one about a guy in &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm reading one about a guy in &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm reading one about a guy in space right now. He just met an alien. space right now. He just met an alien. space right now. He just met an alien. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. What an adventure. It really &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. What an adventure. It really &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. What an adventure. It really was. was. was. &gt;&gt; Mine's a Mine's a a horror thriller. I &gt;&gt; Mine's a Mine's a a horror thriller. I &gt;&gt; Mine's a Mine's a a horror thriller. I don't know if those are on your list. don't know if those are on your list. don't know if those are on your list. &gt;&gt; Something where the beast might like, &gt;&gt; Something where the beast might like, &gt;&gt; Something where the beast might like, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, Belle wasn't on the schedule, so &gt;&gt; So, Belle wasn't on the schedule, so &gt;&gt; So, Belle wasn't on the schedule, so she's just kind of roaming. Look at that she's just kind of roaming. Look at that she's just kind of roaming. Look at that bow on the back of her dress. Jeez, it's bow on the back of her dress. Jeez, it's bow on the back of her dress. Jeez, it's huge. huge. huge. &gt;&gt; But Snow White was. And I was interested &gt;&gt; But Snow White was. And I was interested &gt;&gt; But Snow White was. And I was interested for Snow White because everybody else for Snow White because everybody else for Snow White because everybody else has been like kind of holidayesque, has been like kind of holidayesque, has been like kind of holidayesque, &gt;&gt; but it was like Snow White was on the &gt;&gt; but it was like Snow White was on the &gt;&gt; but it was like Snow White was on the schedule schedule schedule &gt;&gt; and I was like, it's kind of strange &gt;&gt; and I was like, it's kind of strange &gt;&gt; and I was like, it's kind of strange that they put Snow I guess Snow. that they put Snow I guess Snow. that they put Snow I guess Snow. &gt;&gt; She's wearing her like velvet cape. &gt;&gt; She's wearing her like velvet cape. &gt;&gt; She's wearing her like velvet cape. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but Yeah, but &gt;&gt; Yeah, but Yeah, but &gt;&gt; Yeah, but Yeah, but &gt;&gt; I don't think it's normally velvet. Oh, &gt;&gt; I don't think it's normally velvet. Oh, &gt;&gt; I don't think it's normally velvet. Oh, I see what you're saying. But you know I see what you're saying. But you know I see what you're saying. But you know what I'm saying? what I'm saying? what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For winter, very merry time. Snow, &gt;&gt; For winter, very merry time. Snow, &gt;&gt; For winter, very merry time. Snow, white. white. white. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, I know. It's &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, I know. It's &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, I know. It's &gt;&gt; okay. Sorry. I'm just checking. So, uh, &gt;&gt; okay. Sorry. I'm just checking. So, uh, &gt;&gt; okay. Sorry. I'm just checking. So, uh, both kids are in kids clubs right now. both kids are in kids clubs right now. both kids are in kids clubs right now. &gt;&gt; This has never happened. &gt;&gt; This has never happened. &gt;&gt; This has never happened. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Literally. No, this has never &gt;&gt; Yeah. Literally. No, this has never &gt;&gt; Yeah. Literally. No, this has never happened. happened. happened. &gt;&gt; It's weird. &gt;&gt; It's weird. &gt;&gt; It's weird. &gt;&gt; And so, we we were walking Oliver in, &gt;&gt; And so, we we were walking Oliver in, &gt;&gt; And so, we we were walking Oliver in, and I was trying to tell him earlier, if and I was trying to tell him earlier, if and I was trying to tell him earlier, if you go in, we won't be able to go with you go in, we won't be able to go with you go in, we won't be able to go with you. It's It's not an open house. It's you. It's It's not an open house. It's you. It's It's not an open house. It's just you go in by yourself. And he said just you go in by yourself. And he said just you go in by yourself. And he said he said, um, you know, no, I want you to he said, um, you know, no, I want you to he said, um, you know, no, I want you to come with. And I said, "Okay, well, we come with. And I said, "Okay, well, we come with. And I said, "Okay, well, we don't have to go. Like, if you don't don't have to go. Like, if you don't don't have to go. Like, if you don't want to go to the kids club, you want to go to the kids club, you want to go to the kids club, you definitely don't have to." He's like, definitely don't have to." He's like, definitely don't have to." He's like, "No, I do want to go." And I said, "No, I do want to go." And I said, "No, I do want to go." And I said, "Okay, but it's just for you and "Okay, but it's just for you and "Okay, but it's just for you and friends. Like, mommy and daddy can't friends. Like, mommy and daddy can't friends. Like, mommy and daddy can't come. It's just for kids." Okay. And I come. It's just for kids." Okay. And I come. It's just for kids." Okay. And I was like, "Okay, but if you don't want was like, "Okay, but if you don't want was like, "Okay, but if you don't want to go, like, just tell me it's okay." He to go, like, just tell me it's okay." He to go, like, just tell me it's okay." He goes, "No, no, no. I I want to go. I goes, "No, no, no. I I want to go. I goes, "No, no, no. I I want to go. I want to go." So, as we were dropping him want to go." So, as we were dropping him want to go." So, as we were dropping him off, he just went inside. And I was kind off, he just went inside. And I was kind off, he just went inside. And I was kind of nervous that he was going to turn of nervous that he was going to turn of nervous that he was going to turn around and like blunt. I just realized around and like blunt. I just realized around and like blunt. I just realized we haven't gotten any songs or ice cream we haven't gotten any songs or ice cream we haven't gotten any songs or ice cream on this cruise at all. on this cruise at all. on this cruise at all. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I always like coming in here &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I always like coming in here &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I always like coming in here cuz there's an elephant. Oh, also cuz there's an elephant. Oh, also cuz there's an elephant. Oh, also there's like a live performer in here. there's like a live performer in here. there's like a live performer in here. Sorry. So, there's always a towel animal Sorry. So, there's always a towel animal Sorry. So, there's always a towel animal there upstairs, but we're going to Cove there upstairs, but we're going to Cove there upstairs, but we're going to Cove Cafe right now to get some coffee. I Cafe right now to get some coffee. I Cafe right now to get some coffee. I thought the door was closed still thought the door was closed still thought the door was closed still though. There's too many people in Cove though. There's too many people in Cove though. There's too many people in Cove Cafe. So, we're going to Jackson asked Cafe. So, we're going to Jackson asked Cafe. So, we're going to Jackson asked to be picked up from the kids club. So, to be picked up from the kids club. So, to be picked up from the kids club. So, we're going down to the kids club and we're going down to the kids club and we're going down to the kids club and then we're going to go down to there's a then we're going to go down to there's a then we're going to go down to there's a coffee shop right there next to where on coffee shop right there next to where on coffee shop right there next to where on deck 5. We did it. Look at us. Look at deck 5. We did it. Look at us. Look at deck 5. We did it. Look at us. Look at us. us. us. &gt;&gt; There's Tiana. Look at Christmas &gt;&gt; There's Tiana. Look at Christmas &gt;&gt; There's Tiana. Look at Christmas flowers. This is our first time having a flowers. This is our first time having a flowers. This is our first time having a look at the tower suite on the fantasy. look at the tower suite on the fantasy. look at the tower suite on the fantasy. We're up on deck 12 right now. This is We're up on deck 12 right now. This is We're up on deck 12 right now. This is the live music that we were talking the live music that we were talking the live music that we were talking about. about. about. &gt;&gt; Wa! What in the world is that? You &gt;&gt; Wa! What in the world is that? You &gt;&gt; Wa! What in the world is that? You better get a bigger Pokéball better get a bigger Pokéball better get a bigger Pokéball and use some berries. and use some berries. and use some berries. &gt;&gt; Hey, wait. &gt;&gt; Hey, wait. &gt;&gt; Hey, wait. &gt;&gt; We came to the atrium to get a picture &gt;&gt; We came to the atrium to get a picture &gt;&gt; We came to the atrium to get a picture with Minnie Mouse and the band just with Minnie Mouse and the band just with Minnie Mouse and the band just started down there and they're playing started down there and they're playing started down there and they're playing songs from uh from Guardians of the songs from uh from Guardians of the songs from uh from Guardians of the Galaxy. Thank you. Galaxy. Thank you. Galaxy. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come in, too. Let's see. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come in, too. Let's see. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come in, too. Let's see. &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; I like your outfit. It looks fantastic. &gt;&gt; I like your outfit. It looks fantastic. &gt;&gt; I like your outfit. It looks fantastic. Look at that. Can you do a spin too, Look at that. Can you do a spin too, Look at that. Can you do a spin too, Jackson? Jackson? Jackson? &gt;&gt; Whoa. That was good. That was good. &gt;&gt; Whoa. That was good. That was good. &gt;&gt; Whoa. That was good. That was good. &gt;&gt; Do you want to take a photo with her, &gt;&gt; Do you want to take a photo with her, &gt;&gt; Do you want to take a photo with her, Jackson? Let me hear what he says here. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. Do you remember Cinderella? &gt;&gt; Heck yeah. All right, the whole gang's back All right, the whole gang's back All right, the whole gang's back together and we're going to dinner at together and we're going to dinner at together and we're going to dinner at Animator's Pallet. So, this will be the Animator's Pallet. So, this will be the Animator's Pallet. So, this will be the Crush one tonight. &gt;&gt; I don't think we're going to be able to &gt;&gt; I don't think we're going to be able to &gt;&gt; I don't think we're going to be able to talk to Crush tonight cuz we're not talk to Crush tonight cuz we're not talk to Crush tonight cuz we're not really near a screen. We'll show you really near a screen. We'll show you really near a screen. We'll show you guys the kids menu. Are we going to get guys the kids menu. Are we going to get guys the kids menu. Are we going to get the corn dog tonight, Jackson? He's the corn dog tonight, Jackson? He's the corn dog tonight, Jackson? He's already circled that he wants the garden already circled that he wants the garden already circled that he wants the garden salad. Do you want the corn dog? salad. Do you want the corn dog? salad. Do you want the corn dog? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. What do you want? Mac and cheese. A &gt;&gt; No. What do you want? Mac and cheese. A &gt;&gt; No. What do you want? Mac and cheese. A mini hamburger. mini hamburger. mini hamburger. Just chicken. Just chicken. Just chicken. &gt;&gt; You want mac and cheese? Our bread is &gt;&gt; You want mac and cheese? Our bread is &gt;&gt; You want mac and cheese? Our bread is focused. &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? Is it just like garlic oil? &gt;&gt; Check out all the human news. &gt;&gt; Check out all the human news. &gt;&gt; Check out all the human news. Hello, dude. Hello, dude. Hello, dude. You waving You waving You waving check it out. Me and my fishy family check it out. Me and my fishy family check it out. Me and my fishy family were totally cruising the blue. were totally cruising the blue. were totally cruising the blue. &gt;&gt; Let me see your dudes. &gt;&gt; Let me see your dudes. &gt;&gt; Let me see your dudes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it. &gt;&gt; And don't forget to put your sticker &gt;&gt; And don't forget to put your sticker &gt;&gt; And don't forget to put your sticker &gt;&gt; hang out together &gt;&gt; hang out together &gt;&gt; hang out together &gt;&gt; on the You put the sticker under the &gt;&gt; on the You put the sticker under the &gt;&gt; on the You put the sticker under the bottom of his foot. bottom of his foot. bottom of his foot. &gt;&gt; Come on down little everyone say hello &gt;&gt; Come on down little everyone say hello &gt;&gt; Come on down little everyone say hello Dory. Dory. Dory. &gt;&gt; Are you saying hi to Dory? Jelly man &gt;&gt; Are you saying hi to Dory? Jelly man &gt;&gt; Are you saying hi to Dory? Jelly man &gt;&gt; srano ham &gt;&gt; srano ham &gt;&gt; srano ham &gt;&gt; menchango and then this is like an olive &gt;&gt; menchango and then this is like an olive &gt;&gt; menchango and then this is like an olive tapenod on top of a little little bread tapenod on top of a little little bread tapenod on top of a little little bread stick. What is this? The tomato tart. stick. What is this? The tomato tart. stick. What is this? The tomato tart. &gt;&gt; It's the the tomato tart with goats &gt;&gt; It's the the tomato tart with goats &gt;&gt; It's the the tomato tart with goats cheese and I think it's got radishes on cheese and I think it's got radishes on cheese and I think it's got radishes on top. top. top. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; I remember it being better than I &gt;&gt; I remember it being better than I &gt;&gt; I remember it being better than I thought it would be. thought it would be. thought it would be. &gt;&gt; I got the chicken and walnut salad right &gt;&gt; I got the chicken and walnut salad right &gt;&gt; I got the chicken and walnut salad right here. It's kind of good. We'll see. here. It's kind of good. We'll see. here. It's kind of good. We'll see. &gt;&gt; Okay, so they brought out our dinner. I &gt;&gt; Okay, so they brought out our dinner. I &gt;&gt; Okay, so they brought out our dinner. I got the pork got the pork got the pork and then I also got the chicken to try and then I also got the chicken to try and then I also got the chicken to try and Tim also got the pork. and Tim also got the pork. and Tim also got the pork. &gt;&gt; All right, we came up to deck 11 for &gt;&gt; All right, we came up to deck 11 for &gt;&gt; All right, we came up to deck 11 for Mickey and Minnie's holiday party. Mickey and Minnie's holiday party. Mickey and Minnie's holiday party. Show's supposed to start in like 10 Show's supposed to start in like 10 Show's supposed to start in like 10 minutes. Not a lot of people out here minutes. Not a lot of people out here minutes. Not a lot of people out here right now. And also the pool is still right now. And also the pool is still right now. And also the pool is still open over there. Kind of amazed by that. open over there. Kind of amazed by that. open over there. Kind of amazed by that. Let's have a holiday Let's have a holiday Let's have a holiday party. party. party. We'll have a holiday We'll have a holiday We'll have a holiday party. party. party. &gt;&gt; Look who's there. Holiday. Holiday. Holiday. Holiday. Holiday. Holiday. &gt;&gt; I wanted to wish you a very happy &gt;&gt; I wanted to wish you a very happy &gt;&gt; I wanted to wish you a very happy holiday holiday holiday with Max. with Max. with Max. &gt;&gt; How old is Max? &gt;&gt; How old is Max? &gt;&gt; How old is Max? &gt;&gt; Speaking of the holidays without &gt;&gt; Speaking of the holidays without &gt;&gt; Speaking of the holidays without Christmas without my Max. This is the right here with me. No matter how &gt;&gt; All right, so there you have it. That &gt;&gt; All right, so there you have it. That &gt;&gt; All right, so there you have it. That was day one and day two of our Very was day one and day two of our Very was day one and day two of our Very Merry Time Christmas cruise on the Merry Time Christmas cruise on the Merry Time Christmas cruise on the Disney Fantasy. Had a lot of fun on Disney Fantasy. Had a lot of fun on Disney Fantasy. Had a lot of fun on these first two days. This was also the these first two days. This was also the these first two days. This was also the majority of their Christmas activities majority of their Christmas activities majority of their Christmas activities happened on these first two days. Um, happened on these first two days. Um, happened on these first two days. Um, but I will say some of it was really but I will say some of it was really but I will say some of it was really late at night which I thought was very late at night which I thought was very late at night which I thought was very strange. strange. strange. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I wish that the um the kids would &gt;&gt; Yeah, I wish that the um the kids would &gt;&gt; Yeah, I wish that the um the kids would have been able to see like Mrs. Claus have been able to see like Mrs. Claus have been able to see like Mrs. Claus read the story, you know, Mickey and read the story, you know, Mickey and read the story, you know, Mickey and everybody like in the in the atrium everybody like in the in the atrium everybody like in the in the atrium lighting the tree. We did miss that. lighting the tree. We did miss that. lighting the tree. We did miss that. They had another tree lighting, but it They had another tree lighting, but it They had another tree lighting, but it was we were at dinner so we missed that was we were at dinner so we missed that was we were at dinner so we missed that one too, so they didn't get to see it. one too, so they didn't get to see it. one too, so they didn't get to see it. But we did do some other Christmy things But we did do some other Christmy things But we did do some other Christmy things in the coming days. But uh yeah, I wish in the coming days. But uh yeah, I wish in the coming days. But uh yeah, I wish there was like earlier times for that. there was like earlier times for that. there was like earlier times for that. We still had a great time. We did lots We still had a great time. We did lots We still had a great time. We did lots of like we did the family crafts. Oliver of like we did the family crafts. Oliver of like we did the family crafts. Oliver loved making his Forky and actually a loved making his Forky and actually a loved making his Forky and actually a little tip is you can take the coloring little tip is you can take the coloring little tip is you can take the coloring pages so they have like a like a bunch pages so they have like a like a bunch pages so they have like a like a bunch of coloring pages set out. You can take of coloring pages set out. You can take of coloring pages set out. You can take a few of those and then have them at a few of those and then have them at a few of those and then have them at dinner. dinner. dinner. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; So like the kids have something to color &gt;&gt; So like the kids have something to color &gt;&gt; So like the kids have something to color at dinner because the menu is like an at dinner because the menu is like an at dinner because the menu is like an activity sheet but they can go through activity sheet but they can go through activity sheet but they can go through it pretty quick. So, if you go to one of it pretty quick. So, if you go to one of it pretty quick. So, if you go to one of the coloring things, grab a couple of the coloring things, grab a couple of the coloring things, grab a couple of extras and take them to dinner. extras and take them to dinner. extras and take them to dinner. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's a little hack. &gt;&gt; There's a little hack. &gt;&gt; There's a little hack. &gt;&gt; And then the next set of video or the &gt;&gt; And then the next set of video or the &gt;&gt; And then the next set of video or the next video you guys will see will be next video you guys will see will be next video you guys will see will be from day three and four, which were our from day three and four, which were our from day three and four, which were our day our time at Lighthouse. day our time at Lighthouse. day our time at Lighthouse. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then a day at sea. &gt;&gt; And then a day at sea. &gt;&gt; And then a day at sea. &gt;&gt; It was so great. We had such a good time &gt;&gt; It was so great. We had such a good time &gt;&gt; It was so great. We had such a good time on this cruise. But thank you guys so on this cruise. But thank you guys so on this cruise. But thank you guys so much for watching these first few days. much for watching these first few days. much for watching these first few days. Um I hope I know the holidays are like Um I hope I know the holidays are like Um I hope I know the holidays are like right around the corner, so I hope you right around the corner, so I hope you right around the corner, so I hope you guys are having a great like holiday guys are having a great like holiday guys are having a great like holiday break if you're off from school or work. break if you're off from school or work. break if you're off from school or work. And thank you so much for watching these And thank you so much for watching these And thank you so much for watching these videos. Yeah, videos. Yeah, videos. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is the end of our New Year's Eve &gt;&gt; this is the end of our New Year's Eve &gt;&gt; this is the end of our New Year's Eve resolution cruises. So, resolution cruises. So, resolution cruises. So, &gt;&gt; we did it everybody. &gt;&gt; we did it everybody. &gt;&gt; we did it everybody. &gt;&gt; Thanks for being here with us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for being here with us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for being here with us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic few days. And with that being said, we few days. And with that being said, we few days. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. &gt;&gt; My name's Arlo Trundle &gt;&gt; My name's Arlo Trundle &gt;&gt; My name's Arlo Trundle &gt;&gt; and I'm Jonathan Trundle and &gt;&gt; and I'm Jonathan Trundle and &gt;&gt; and I'm Jonathan Trundle and &gt;&gt; we wish you a merry Christmas from &gt;&gt; we wish you a merry Christmas from &gt;&gt; we wish you a merry Christmas from Murphy'sboro, Tennessee. Murphy'sboro, Tennessee. Murphy'sboro, Tennessee. &gt;&gt; And on the fantasy and watching Tim and &gt;&gt; And on the fantasy and watching Tim and &gt;&gt; And on the fantasy and watching Tim and now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
