---
video_id: UngVg-r_z7M
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney's NEWEST Resort Bar Is Now Open, Grand Floridian Lobby Refresh & Trying Holiday Treats!"
published: 2025-11-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UngVg-r_z7M
---
Today's video is sponsored by Turo. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning from the parking lot of the Magic Kingdom. Are we heading into the Magic Kingdom? No. We are going to go around the Montreal resorts. Maybe not go over to Contemporary. We're definitely going over to Polynesian and Grand Fian because there are some holiday treats out and we're going to try some holiday treats. But also, the Grand Florian lobby is fully renovated. There's a brand new bar in the middle of the lobby. It's called the Perch because there used to be a bird cage in the middle of the lobby and now there's a bar. themed to a bird cage called the perch. So, we're gonna check that out and just like enjoy our time walking around the resorts. Well, so we've done a lot of uh park updates recently and nothing's really changed. We went to the Christmas parties. We saw the new decorations and uh so yeah. So, now let's go to the resorts. Let's do it. I do want to mention there was in years past a gingerbread house in the Grand Fian lobby. They're not having that this year. because of the way that it's a brand new lobby. I don't think they want to take away from the new lobby, but they will have gingerbread displays at the other resorts that have had them in years past, but those are not going to open until the 14th. So, Christmas at Walt Disney World doesn't officially start until the 14th. That's when everything is rolling out other than the Christmas parties. So, we're headed over to the Polynesian first. So, we are at TTC and we're not going through security. We're actually just keeping walking straight. We're going to head over to the Polynesian first. You can see these three blue pylons over here. Those are what we have to go past. There's there's four. There's four. There's about four of them. There's four about there. I mean, four could be about three cuz there Well, there's only two in the sidewalk. The rest are in the grass. So, Oh, that's true. Ooh. But yeah, this is where we're headed. The Polynesian just on the other side of these trees. There it is. Disney's Polynesian Village Resort. We made it. We did it. It was a quick and easy walk. So, our first stop is going to be at the Pineapple Lai. Gonna get a Christmy dull whip and then we'll head inside to see Captain Cooks. They have a cupcake in there and it's like it's 11:30, but to me it's still like a little tiny bit early for a cupcake. But we want to show it to you because it looks so cute. Yeah. I love when there's a fork in the road and they put a sign in the middle and they're like just go straight. Which one is it? We should just go to the island tower. Oh yeah, we should. Um I'm going to link our last stay there. It was so good. Yeah, it was. Oh man, I'm like I always dream about why Lulu I know. Should we go there for lunch? Yeah, we can. You want to? I feel like today is just like our day to do whatever we want. Ooh. All right. Right. Let's do it. Let's uh let's play the lottery. Oh my gosh. We did do that yesterday. We didn't win. No, but we did. $10. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Some work on the great ceremonial house. We got to go in here and then we to come back out by the pineapple lai. I also didn't check to see if it's open yet. It's almost noon. It's got to be open, right? I'm sure it's a Who People need their Dole Whip at 11:00. Yeah. I do like this little side entrance cuz it's almost feels hidden. It's kind of like underneath the stairs here. Oh, yeah. Ooh, I love that smell. Oh, the Polynesian smell. Yeah. All right, we're headed out to the pineapple lai here on the left. It's open. It's open. We're getting the Olu holiday float, dough with lime with do with pineapple juice, white chocolate pieces, and strawberry popping candy with a little Hulu white chocolate thing on the top. Here's the one that they made for us. Looks exactly similar to the photo, and I like that. I'm glad that it's like exact, you know. I do want to mention though that this is $7.99 and a typical float is $779. So, a little bit more expensive for the holiday float. You're paying for the pop rocks. This would be the perfect day for a picnic. It's so beautiful. I think the grass might be wet though. Good news is it's not real grass though. That's true. So it'll drain quick. The Pop Rocks are fun because they're like really popping in my mouth. The lime Doeh Whip is so like nice and refreshing cuz it's slightly sour, but it's not like overly sour. Like tart. Yeah, it's tart. And it's not too sweet. And the Pop Rocks are fun. I think kids will lose their mind eating this because it's like literally popping all over my mouth right now. Has Jackson ever had Pop Rocks? I don't think he has. I think we should get him some. Yeah, I think he would like that. It'd be like a weird sensation. Do you want to try this before we try the drink? Um, yeah. I love pineapple juice. It's so good. This is green. I think it's just like food coloring. Any of you guys that have had green food before, like with the fake green in it, you know what's up the next day. I think that's going to happen with this. It might. You think? I'll tell you tomorrow. Stay tuned. Just kidding. I won't tell you. TMI with Tim. Yeah, this is delicious. I love this. It's very big. I think this would be like you could share this. This is a sharing size. Yeah, easily. M I like that the doe whip gives it like a bit of creaminess. It is still tart with the lime and then the pineapple is like a little bit tart as well. Like pineapple sweet, but it also has that like acidic kind of like mouth. Yeah. thing that it does, but then the doe whip gives it that creaminess. Kind of cuts it a little bit. Okay. This might be like the perfect Dole whip dessert. It's really good, isn't it? Yeah. I already get something on myself. So earlier he had on this really nice sweater like this nice cashmere sweater and I was like we're going to do a food video. I don't know if you should wear that and it just I got out of the car and it was hot and now it's like a little bit cold but we got beef friend. Bees love dole whip. Oh where'd he go? He went away. He flew away. Dang it. All right. Now let's go inside and head over to Captain Cooks. But before we do that, a quick word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Turo. Turo is the world's largest car sharing marketplace where you have the choice of over 1,600 makes and models of cars and it's available in the United States, the UK, Canada, Australia, and France. This means you can book the exact car, the exact make and model of car that you want ahead of your trip. And it is also available at over 140 airports across the United States and Canada. You can book it directly in the Turo app and then head straight towards the airport's Turo location and pick up your car without ever waiting in line. So, we recently had a trip to Las Vegas where I used Turo to book the car that I used while I was there. I was able to book the exact car that I wanted. I wanted to book an electric car. So, I booked an electric Mercedes and it was so simple. I booked it ahead of time and then as soon as I landed, I checked the Turo app and it gave me exact instructions on where to go to pick up the car. Depending on the airport, it could be in a parking lot. It could be in a garage. Some airports even have curbside. I headed straight to the location, got right in the car, and drove straight to the hotel. It was so simple. And best of all, there was no waiting in line at the rental counter at all. So, I know a lot of you guys are going to be traveling this holiday season. So, be sure to check the Turo app and book the exact car that you want, skip the rental counter, and hit the road faster. And if you guys would like to try Turo for yourself, be sure to check the link in the description down below or use the QR code that's on the screen. So, thank you to Turo once again for sponsoring today's video. And now, back to the video. Christmas cookbook. Disney Christmas cookbook. What does what does uh Woody make for Christmas? Let's see. Did Lady in the have children? Yeah, there there were other there were like part two. Oh, Woody's cowboy chili. Woody has chili. Oh, okay. That makes sense. There it is. Yeah. Okay, now you guys know what to eat. You don't have to be a cowboy to enjoy a delicious bowl of chili, but it'll make you feel as cheerful as Woody and his friends while welcoming new toys into their family on Christmas. Jen, yes. It's not a house. It's a ho ho home. [Laughter] Oh, for DVC members. Yeah, it's special DVC Christmas merch. I was trying to find Oh, is this it? Overl. This is adorable. That's cute. How much is it? $25. 25 bucks. Also weird that it's 25 exact. Does he He doesn't need a He's a turtle. He's a turtle. It just holds his breath. Yeah. I mean, he could still use a snorkel, right? And you see it's not in his mouth, though. It's just for decoration. Okay. I think that might be the only resort specific thing we should mention. It's the only resort specific holiday thing. So everything else like Trader Sam's has things everywhere. What is this thing? Is this for like chips and dip? What? It's like not attached. Maybe it's just for your treasures. Oh, okay. Oh, adorable. They changed them up. Give him a bigger head. He does have a big head. Yeah. Yeah. Not to like head shame him, but it's kind of big. You can dress your kid like an elf. I love this. I think Oliver could still fit in a 2T of this. Yeah. It's just like it's hopefully gets colder. This seems like it would be very warm. It's 40 bucks. I love it. Heading into Captain Cooks. Let's see if they've got it over here. Oh no, the festive cupcake is not where the festive cupcake should be. Oh no, they don't have it right now. Maybe they'll have it later. Oh, they don't have it. No, it's where a festive cupcake would be. Oh no. Not any festive cupcakes. There's a picture of it. It looks really cute. I wish I could see it in real life. Right. Leave the great ceremonial house. I want to point out the tiki mug at Trader Sam's right now is the uh evil queen and the witch. And you turn it around and it's this. Yeah. Wow, kind of neat. I like that they did it in a mirror. So, you can get apple in the brew, tequila, cinnamon syrup, minuteade apple juice, lemon, and ginger. $75. Wow. Boy, howdy. It's a $75 drink and you get a cup. I think you The cup is $75 and you get a drink. Yeah, right. Passing by the island tower. Should we stop and have lunch now? It's 12. We could lunch time. I wonder if there's anything special at Grand Flidian Cafe. Ooh, I can look at the menu. Yeah. I also just want to mention I would like to stay here again. Oh yeah. I loved the island tower. It's good. It's a really good like I don't know. It's not its own resort, but it's like a really good part of the Polynesian. Yeah. I know people were mad about it when it was being built, which I understood. I I was mad about it. I was mad about it. But I really do love it. Right. It makes me like yearn for Alani. Oh yeah. It also makes me feel like like right now I'm a little bit salty about Lakeshore because it's like taking up some of the view of Fort Wilderness and like takes up some Fort Wilderness space, but I feel like when it opens I'm going to have the same thing, you know? Maybe. Yeah. Like it'll be just as good as the island tower. I think it's a little bit different only because Fort Wilderness is not the Polynesian. That's true. Like these are like two deluxe next to each other, right? Whereas the deluxe is going to kind of like overtake the You know what I mean? It's It feels a little different. Yeah, I feel that. But I'm excited to see what it looks like when it finally opens. Yeah. All right. We stopped to sit at the uh at the island tower to look over the menu. So, we looked at the menu at the Wulu and we looked at the menu of Grand Flian Cafe. Grand Flian Cafe has a brunch right now. Mhm. That just seemed a little bit more interesting to me. This one, the menu hasn't changed yet since it opened. It is a very good menu, though. And I will link a video down below where we did eat there, and we've always loved everything we've had there. Um, but but there's some stuff over at Grand Flian Cafe that we haven't tried yet. So, they had this breakfast sandwich that sounded really interesting that I might try because it's brunch right now. Right now, it's lunch here, but brunch over there. And then, of course, we wanted to try the perch over there, too. So, yeah, let's let's go eat over there. Let's do it. This is a beautiful day, isn't it? It's amazing. Just one singular cloud in the sky. Feels good. Not a lot of people out walking around. If you're at the parks, you're here on vacation, and you're just like overstimulated. If you went to the parks, you know, there were a lot of people, lots of crowds. Just like hang out at a resort. Yeah. It's so nice. It's still that Disney feeling. It's still magical. You still get, you know, the touch like character touches and like there might there might even be characters at the resort. Sometimes there are. Yeah. But I don't know. It just feels so nice. 10 out of 10. Highly recommend. 10 out of 10. Sometimes I like repeating Jen just to like emphasize it, you know, cuz she's like 10 out of 10. I was like, no, it needs to be really said. 10 out of 10. Mage is why we are gathered here today. So this is not the wedding pavilion. This is where you come to get ready and also to like pick out the things that you're doing you're planning like you're buying the wedding in here. Okay. This is the actual wedding chapel. So you go and you have your actual ceremony in there. There's good photo spots. There's like an archway out back that like looks straight at what the castle behind you. So time it right the fireworks. You're in archway. You're kissing after your wedding. Fireworks are going off and it's magical. Should we do it? Well, so on our 10 year wedding anniversary, which was a few I think it's like five years ago now, right? Do we just have our 15 year wedding anniversary? We uh got married in 2011. So we have our 14year wedding anniversary this year. Okay. So next year maybe we should do it. But during our 10 year, I thought we should get our our vows renewed there like in a Disney wedding cuz we didn't really have like a wedding wedding, right? We had a a very small ceremony. It was beautiful, but it wasn't like, you know, like the kind of wedding that you might think of when you think of weddings, right? But then I think about all the like housewives that renewed their vows and now they're all divorced. Oh, no. I know. Is it a curse? I feel like it might be. It's almost like if it ain't broke, don't fix it type thing. Like, right. Our wedding was fine. It' be fun to have a honeymoon, though. I think it would be. I mean, I think we've had plenty of honeymoons, you know, but like another one. Okay. But I think it could be nice to have just like a party, like a celebratory party of our our wedding, our love. Yeah, a love party. So, I got distracted. I know. I'm sorry. You were talking about the love party and everything, but there was a lamp up there and there was a bird inside of it and I was like, "Oh, no. Is that bird stuck inside the lamp?" And then it flew away. There's a bird's nest. Oh, yeah. Wow. Wow. Nature. All right. Here we are. We've made it over to the Grand Fian. I think we're going to have brunch first and then we'll head uh over to the perch. I want to come back here and eat at um Citrios and Narusi's. Oh yeah, cuz I didn't get to do that. You came with Nick to eat at Narusi for the new menu and then I think you also came to Citrios for like a media thing. Yeah. And I think I missed both of them. Dang. Let's do it. I know. I like I just want to have more date nights, you know? I like a I like a date night. Yeah. Pretty wild cuz everywhere seems to be having construction right now. This one they're just replacing a light post, but there is some noise happening at both Polynesian and the Grand Fian. So, we made it to Grand Fing Cafe right next to Park 1900 Park Ferret. And I I haven't noticed this. You got Alice in Wonderland. We've got Bur and Mary here. You've got Little Mermaid, right? Oh, that's just the cruise ship in there. Wow. Which cruise ship is that? The Wish. No, let me look. Oh, the treasure. The treasure. Now, keep looking at the Moana. Oh, Tinker Bell. There she is. Oh, that's cool. Wow. Cool. Thank you. Oh, Mirabel. I mean, when the walls paint it was already here once like the the bed hits. All right, let's see. What are you going to get? Um, I'm probably going to get this pineapple jalapeno margarita. Oh my goodness. Where is that at? Oh, it's part of the zero proof. Oh, yeah. Sounds pretty okay. Watermelon lemonade sounds good, too. Uh, I'm kind of leaning towards the breakfast sandwich. Sounded good. I think you're going to get that, though, right? I'm going to look. It sound Yeah, it sounds really good. The burger sounds good. There was something else that I saw. It was like Florida. Oh, the salmon. I always get the salmon. Where's the Florida? The Florida eggs. Oh, flirting style. Yeah, it's got carnitus. Pablano Hollands. I'm not sure that I like that, but everything else sounds really interesting and good. Ooh, they have a passion fruit, guava, and orange French toast. Ooh, that's exciting. M I bet you're wondering why we g why we gathered you here today. The seed is very like, you know, it's to discuss the shape of forces. [Music] What do we think? It looks like somebody drew it from memory. Yeah. Right. Or they like it it like flashed in their you know like if you if you have your picture taken with a flash photo. Oh yeah. Yeah. And it's like burned in your eyes. That horse image burned into their eyes and they're like this is what I think it looks like. We got some some rolls here and the butter has orange zest in it. They're biscuits. They're biscuits. All right. Here's Jen's miso glazed salmon. So this has the miso. This has much more miso glaze than I normally get, which is good. Right. I have a little of the the lemon scented sticky rice and the green beans with shallots. Oh, and some limes in there, too. Yeah. And this is the breakfast sandwich. An egg over easy with a sausage. I thought it was going to be like a normal looking sausage. This looks like a whole hamburger, doesn't it? Arugula, roasted peppers, whipped goat cheese, and then garlic ioli. It tastes kind of smoky. A housemade chabatada served with fries. I thought it was going to be bigger, too. Yeah, like the actual sandwich. I mean, like, if I take the fries off the plate, it's kind of sad. Oh, no. This is like a lot messier than I thought it was going to be. You're for sure. Oh, not only did you get it on your pants, you got it on mine. But it's really good. I like the flavors a lot. What is it like? How are the red peppers? You do taste the red peppers. Tastes like an omelette. Yeah. You know, how's the sausage? Tastes like a burger. It doesn't taste like a sausage. Like it does have like a little bit of a snap like a sausage to it, if that makes sense. Like a little bit more like al dente. What? I don't know if that's the right word, but you know how like if you eat a burger, does it have spring to it? Yeah. But if you eat a sausage, it does. Like the casing, but like the inside too. Okay. Yeah. Not as like sausagey as I thought it was going to be. There's a a bride over here getting ready for photos and stuff like that. Where is she? She's over there. But there was like an old man running through yelling out, "Don't do it." Like old people be wild. Can't just do that. She's literally getting married right now. She's at Walt Disney World getting married and an old man's just yelling, "Don't do it." He's like, "I made that mistake 20 years ago." His wife was right there. So, we are headed over to Gasparilla real quick. Uh I might grab one of the little dessert things to go, but we need to head over to the Perch cuz we got about an hour before we have to like go get Jackson. Also, okay, so we just finished eating at Grand Fling Cafe, which we eat there all the time. Like every time we come here, we pretty much eat there. But I have to say, I don't know if it's an age thing or what, but eating out, I absolutely feel like garbage every time I eat out now. Oh, it's a grease thing. I think it might be. [Laughter] Tell me more. Tell me more. Like, does your tummy feel bad? Yeah. Here we are. Gasparilla. Let's see if they've got it. Are we all Oh, here we go. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Let it snow. Mickey chocolate shoe. Gingerbread brownie. That's what I'm going to get. No gingerbread house here in the Grand Fian. Just here at Gasparilla. Oh. Oh, it's self- served. Get your own. Yeah, you just open up the thing and you get it. Yeah, it looks like a little little gingerbread house. It's very cute. I like that they did give us a gingerbread house. And like after taxes, it was like $723. I will say I don't think I'm going to like this cuz I don't love gingerbread spiced things, but I like the way it looks. It's beautiful. Just as a side note, too, there's no to-go container that this will fit in unless you lay it down. Look at these Tina fans. They're like a little Tina fan. Those are so cute. Are those new? Yeah, those haven't been here before. Wow. Oh. So, yeah. Here we are. It's our first look. We haven't been in this lobby since they refurbished it. Oh, yeah. This is nice. We're coming in from the back the back entrance. I know. Ooh. Wow. I like what they did over there by where the uh the front desk used to be. Oh, I like that, too. Is that still the front desk? Oh, it's so pretty. This is nice. Oh, yeah. So, this is the new front desk. They sort of kept the motif of They used to have the keys hanging up in these little squares back here. There's little rectangles. Oh. But now it's just like just rectangles. It reminds me of Grandstino. Okay. Yeah, I could see that. I like those like little ball chandelier things. Like earrings. So Disney's Grand Slidian has been extensively refurbishing the lobby for several months now, and they started their refurbishment in April of this year of 2025. And it reopened in October of 2025 with new carpeting and new furniture. It's modeled after the grandeur of the Victorian era, and the update features design choices that celebrate the resort's Fidian roots and the golden age of travel that inspired it. The stained glass skylights have been updated as well. They look beautiful. I didn't even I haven't even looked up until right now. The chandeliers overhead have also been refreshed. The new furnishings feature vintage inspired wood frame seating and grand pier mirrors with the resort's logo. I don't know where those are. Oh, hidden Mickey. Hidden Mickey. The carpet is inspired by the Victorian language of flowers. The design celebrates hospitality, joy, and grace with over 200 individual florals native to Florida's subtropical landscape. Includes orange blossoms, which is our state flower and the symbol of prosperity. Palms, moonstones, which is our state gemstone. Wow, I didn't know that. And hidden Mickeyy's. Found the hidden Mickey. There's also hibiscus. Oo, look at that. And the orange. I believe this one's the orange blossom. This is the hibiscus. Let me show you the low biscus. Oh, this is a low biscuit cuz it's on the ground. Also, the Garden View Lounge, which is where we had tea there one time with our friends uh Chris Pratt from Canada, and it's going to be opening in early 2026. It's right behind me here. It will offer a new tea experience with whimsical Disney touches for guests of all ages. So, I'll be excited to to do that when it opens back up. The last time we went, we did not have a great experience, so I'm excited to see what kind of changes they made. But I also want to show you a a close-up look at the bar, the perch. I love the the chandeliers, the light fixtures. It kind of reminds me of a train station. Oh, there's like little butterflies on them or something, right? They're little butterflies. And the stained glass backdrop looks awesome. Look, he's making making something. What's he making? Yeah. I like that. Like they have the little things in their like special little shakers. What are they called? Like the bitter. Oh, they have a spray, too. There's a drink that they spray somewhere. Oh, look. He's doing a like It's like Tom Cruz. Oh, this is exciting. We also have a new impressionist style mural that depicts what the Grand Fian might have looked like at the turn of the century framed by Royal and Sable Palms. I would have loved to have stayed in this. If the Grand Fian was a beach resort, like count me in 100%. Look at that. Just on the beach over here. Also like that we have some sand hill cranes represented up here. There's also a new mural around the elevator. And this elevator, like we said, also has bird cage elements to it right there. So there the where the perch is, there used to be just a bird cage there. And when the resort first opened, there was a bird, but there hasn't been a bird in that cage for years. Like lots and lots of floral elements all around the lobby now. So the perch like stuff is available anywhere in the lobby. Oh yeah. So we're over by the elevator right now. Also looks like a bird cage, but this is the got the cocktails available. The Fidian 75 coffee rum. Oh, that's good. Sparkling wines, roses, white wines, red wines, beer, and non-alcoholic beverages. A blueberry and basil iced tea. So, I saw um Cody from Los Bros. I saw his like story about when he came here. And then he also mentioned that um they serve you all through the lobby like there's servers that come around and they're in like little tuxedos. Oh, yeah. They look like it's very it just feels very fancy and posh. I haven't seen any tuxedos yet. Um right there. Do you see her in the white jacket? It It's giving like I used to work weddings. I used to work for a catering company and we worked weddings and that's what like is giving. Yeah. Like wedding reception. Yeah. But I don't know. I like it. Should we go tell the bride that she should do it? Yeah. Who was it? Her? Yeah. The guy said that to her. He just like yelled it as he was walking through. Who what is wrong with people? Just about to start eating my little gingerbread brownie. But I wanted to point out they also upgraded the plugs over here. So we got USB and USBC in the plugs all around the Grand Fian. Let's try the gingerbread house brownie. Oh no, it's backwards. Hold on. Let me try to switch it around without dropping it. This is always what does me in. There it is. There's the hidden Mickey in there. Okay. But the chocolate and the gingerbread mixing together is kind of like throwing me. Hold on. Let me try. It wants to be good. Like the components are good, but when you mix all the components together, I feel like it's not my favorite. Yeah, cuz the icing by itself delicious. The brownie by itself is delicious. But when you mix them together, it doesn't vibe with me. I'm going to try some of this house. It's pretty solid. Like it's not coming apart. It's like super thin gingerbread cookie. That's really good. The best part of the whole thing if you like gingerbread. So Jen went up to the bar to try to order some drinks or at least talk to them and see if they have more non-alcoholic ones. But I'm still sitting at our little table that we have over here. We're kind of off to the side. And there are servers like kind of going around the Grand Flidian. But I'm also like trying to get their attention without like getting their attention. So I'm just like looking at the menu here like I'm interested. Oh, they're coming. They said that they don't have anything non-alcoholic other than the tea. So it worked. Like me kind of like looking like I was reading the menu worked cuz it's sort of like a like a little sign like here I am. So, she knew that I was like interested in getting something off the menu, but I didn't end up getting anything because she said that the only thing was the tea and like that also is tea, which I don't drink caffeine either. You want to see here something that's a bummer? What? This mocktail that you got here? Yeah. Is also available upstairs and has been this whole time. It's not new for this bar. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, I will tell you something that was fun, though. So, I met some ladies at the bar who actually bought this drink for us. Um, so cheers and thank you. And they are travel agents. They're here on a girls trip and they are doing like a like a bingo. So, you know how you would say like, "Oh, something cool would happen to you." And you would say like, "That wasn't on my bingo card." They're making their own bingo card for goals for 2026. I really like this idea. I feel like we should all everybody, we should all do this. This is a great idea. And so, they had me fill out one of their bingo card like spots. Oh, what did you say? I said they should eat dinner at Victoria and Albert's. Oh, Mickey and for a goal. I was going to write that, but I'm like I feel like we are the only people who call it that, right? Um, but I was they so they're having like cast members fill out a square or like other, you know, people that they meet. So they're they're having other people fill it out for them and they have to complete it for 2026. So this is the blueberry and basil iced tea. M fresh brewed Twinnings iced tea. Lemon. I think it's twinnings. Twinings. I think I was always saying it wrong. I think it's twinnings. Yeah. Uh lemon, blueberry, and basil. So it's $8. $8. Oh, it's good. Ooh. Let me try a little little tiny sip. Well, usually you have strawberry and basil, not blueberry and basil, but that's delicious. Smells like a very like It smells like tea and blueberries to me. If it's tea, it's like not super tea heavy. Oh, yeah. It tastes like tea. Oh, I like it. Yeah, it tastes like tea. Just to me, it sort of tasted like an iced tea. They also said that the Fidian 75 was really good. They make it with the same Taters, the champagne you would get on the cruise ship. Ford's gin, Florida citrus cordal and lemon topped with tatager. So it's kind of like a more like tart sour drink. Like a It's a gin and champagne. M. This is good. Yeah. Yeah. It's very like nice and not super sweet. It feels like a Fidian drink, doesn't it? Yeah. Like I would sit outside and drink this. Not today. It's too cold for that. But yeah. Watch the children play in the shade by the oak tree. Jen stopped by curiouser and curiouser. Did you find anything? Um, I saw some stuff in there and then I looked at the price and it was $525. Show me. I want to see it. It's a dress. This one? It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. It's not lined, though. It's not lined. Yeah. Like it'll be just see-through. Oh, no. Yeah. But it's so pretty. Dang. Imagine me on a Disney cruise. I like this thing, too. It's fun. Yeah, they're pretty. Catch me in my Grand Fian bag. It's a Loungefly. A Loungefly. What do you call this? What kind of bag is this? I don't really know what this It's. It's like a tote, but it's not a tote. Okay. I don't know. I like it. You know what you could put in there? Um your tea set. I would just It'd be full of shards of glass. Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. Your cinnamon clove and orange scented candle. Like my grand flian robe. Just throw it in there. Throw it in there. We got new tiles in the elevator. Ooh. Breaking new tiles, possibly a new chandelier. I didn't pay enough attention before it was pretty dusty. I don't know if that's new. Not a new Well, I mean, that's But we are we're like we're in the bird cage. Oh, yeah. All right, we're headed back to the car now. That's just taking a shot of the beautiful Grand Fian up here. Got to pass by Magic Kingdom first. See you later, Magic Kingdom. It really would be the perfect day to go to Magic Kingdom, wouldn't it? I want to see if we can see them. Oh, yeah. You can see they're setting up for the gingerbread house right there. It's behind Pipe and Drake at the moment. made it back to TTC and there's nobody here. I know. It feels I I didn't think we were at the right place, right? Is it? I think maybe it is. Yeah, but I was literally like, where are we? Are we at the right place? Are we Is this allowed? It feels weird. Does feel weird. It is also like 2:00, 2:30. On a Wednesday. It's 2:30 on a Wednesday. Everybody's at the dentist. That's the joke. It's 2:30. I love it. I love it. So, did you hear that echo? It's exciting. So, now we are headed home or go ahead and pick up Jackson from school. It was good. Like, it was a fun little trip around couple of Montreal resorts. I like the bar. It was nice. Like, I like the update to the Grand Florian lobby. Uh, the Grand Florian Cafe for lunch. Delicious. So, for me, it was good, but it's been better in the past. Oh, okay. Yeah, I'm kind of sad about it. Dang. And it did make me feel a little bit nauseous. Oh, no. I know. But the service was great. Like everything else was great. Oh, yeah. might be a me thing. But, you know, it was really good was that Dole Whip that we had. Oh, yeah. I think that was like the highlight of the day for me. I did like the tea drink as well. I forget what it was called, the non-alcoholic from Oh, yeah. From the Perch. I Blueberry and basil. Really good together. Yeah. Normally, like I said, I would normally picture like a strawberry basil or you know what I mean, but the blueberry was great. Yeah. Yeah. I would I would for sure order that again. Yeah. So, thank you guys for following along. All in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. [Music]
