---
video_id: LfV8U-ygksk
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Finally Cutting My Hair, Pranking My College Roommate & Getting Ready For The Disney Destiny Cruise!"
published: 2025-11-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfV8U-ygksk
---
Good morning. Today is the day I'm going to go get a haircut. I'm not cutting my hair off. Not going back to short. I'm going to keep it long, but we're going to get like some of I don't even know if I can show you some of this out of there. Like some of like the mullety action. Kind of shape the back, shape the sides a little bit. I'd like to try to get a little bit of volume in here. Like make it so it's not so heavy. So they'll take some layers out there to try to make it so it's not like laying as flat as it is against my head as it does right now. going to Kimmy, who is Jen's hair stylist. Uh, she just happened to have an opening and I was like, "Let's do it. Let's go get a haircut." So, we'll see. I don't have like a specific style in mind. Like, I like this. This is nice. I just want it to have a little bit more volume and I want it to be cleaned up around the the sides and the back. That make sense? Cuz I'd like to continue to grow it like maybe a little bit longer, but I think it needs to be shaped a little bit right now. So, that's what we're going to go do. Oh, also one more thing. I also don't want to have to style it in the morning. Like right now, I just get out of bed, I run the brush through it once, and I'm done. Like, this is how it turns out. And I like that. I like that a lot. Those you guys that are our age, here's something that happened. How old are we? I'm 43. Are you already 43? Yeah, I'm 25. Those of you guys that are Gen X like I uh Oh, no. We're millennials. Ye. I was saying I was 25. Oh. Oh, right. Right. Okay. Come on. Sorry. Keeping up with it. Jeez Louise. Yeah, we are millennials. So Jackson loves video game music. And so for a while we have Spotify and Apple Music. And for a while we were doing it on both. Like it was just video game music on whatever. And so video game music kind of took over the algorithm on both. I've decided to try to take back the Apple Music. So Spotify is for video game music. Apple Music is for me. M and I've been trying to like curate it by just like playing random songs from my youth and from things that I like. So like what is a band from when you were in your formative years, say like 16 to 25 Mhm. that you listen to? So for me, he asked me in the car and I was trying to think of like what did I listen to in my like 20s and I came up with Incubus. Um just some bands that like I remember songs from like we listen to a little bit of Our Lady Peace. We listen to who else said is outcast. Listen to Outcast. Yeah. Who else? You said movie soundtracks. Yeah. A lot of movie soundtracks. So like the one that popped into my head was like the faculty. Yeah. Um I would say Fiona Apple was big for me. Yeah. You were angsty. I I was um Yeah, those are my like ones that just pop into my head. Yeah. But I'm sure there's more. I listen to some Green Day. Mhm. But I found that I like old Green Day. I don't really like from American Idiot forward. Okay. Not my jam really. Yeah. And then like I was trying to think of like, you know, think like poppy pop punk type stuff that I would like. I didn't really get into like pop punk. I was more like a SCA girly. Yeah. That's We can We can put some SCA in there, but like I'm not in the mood for SCA right now. You know what I mean? SCA is an anytime. Sky isn't for because they're also listening to like Spidey and his Amazing Spider friends. Oh my gosh, there's so much Sky pop. I know. But there is so much SCA in kids music. Yeah. I don't know why, but like it's for anybody anytime. It's true. Kids cartoons, it's just like so like Yeah, they are like horns, you know? Heck yeah. It's a good time. I'm going to go get my haircut now. Oo, I'm going to put in some um pictures of sort of some inspiration that we were thinking. What do you think? What do you think it's going to end up with? How do you think I'll look? Okay, bud. What do you think? I'm ready. Yeah. Yeah, it's exciting. We talked about it. Yeah. And it's going to like I feel like it's going to look really nice. Yeah. Yeah. Can you explain it in a way that like I get She said I'm like, "Yeah, that's what I want to get rid of those things." You know, there's just a lot of hair here. Yeah. There's a lot. Well, you know what's funny is I like this feeling like it on my neck. Oh, no. Well, you're going to lose that. I know. It's fine. It's just like one of those things. When I was younger and I shaved my head, I used to like just like feeling it, you know, like the stubbly bits. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, cool. All right. Okay. All right. There you go. You're all done. You got here. Look at that. You can even do like a cool This is it. This is I'm going to do this a lot now instead of what I was doing before. Yeah. Yeah, I think it looks really nice. I like it. You can really see all the like the sun, the color from the sun. I like how this does like this. It likes the push. I know. Sorry. I like it. Maybe like the the '9s like Yeah, I think it looks really nice. All right, now that I'm home from getting the haircut, I like it. I like it a lot. It feels nice. I just tried to like I was grabbing my hair back there like pulling it into sort of like a little ponytail for a long time. Now I can't do that. It's all gone in the back. But now it's like really bringing out the like lightness, the like highlights of my hair too, like being a little bit lighter. I don't know. What do you think? You think I look cool? I like it. I think you like, you know, obviously I like any haircut that you have, but I do like that it's more shaped in the back. It doesn't feel as like full back here. So, I think that looks really nice. And then Oh, no. And then I think is it this side? What side is it? I feel like I like when it kind of does this, you know? I don't know. I like it. I think it looks like too much of my my face. I think it's kind not like a dad cut, but I feel like you look a dad cut. I don't know. I like it. Look at me. I'm a dad. It's true. We kind of have like the same color hair now. Sort of. Yours is lighter. Yeah. Look at that. Look at that. You just need to go out in the sun more. No, I want I don't want it to fade. Mine has kind of faded a lot. I was talking So Kimmy did Tim's hair and she does my hair, but I was wanting her to see like how my hair was fading. And I think the next time I go in, I might go darker. Yeah. Just so that it stays darker down here a little bit more. I don't know. I know as my hair grows out and like the blonde grows out, it will kind of stay this color. But I really do like the dark hair. And a lot of you guys say that this is your favorite color that I've done as well. So, I don't know. It just feels right. Feels correct. It It does. It's very much darker than my natural hair. So, I'm kind of like interested to see what this looks like when it grows out. It should like in my mind it should take longer to notice it growing out because it almost is like your hair is blonde so it's almost like reflecting the color. It looks gray. Oh, okay. Like that's what hap that was was that's what was happening before is when I was doing like a shadow route as it was growing out my roots looked gray and I remember asking Kimmy like is my hair gray like and she's like no you just have ash blonde hair. Oh. So it has like a like an ashy undertone. Okay. So that's that's the only thing I'm like kind of not looking forward to. But you know but I think your hair looks awesome. I think I think your hair looks awesome. Thanks. Yeah. I was telling Jen I really like her shirt. We got this for $10 at Target the other day. $8? No, this one. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, this one they got for $8. It was uh the tag said it was $8 and then it rang up as 10. And I was like, "Oh, no." And then the lady came over and she goes, "Oh, yeah. We had to change the price for inflation." And I was like, "But can I have the price that's on the tag at least?" And she changed the price. But if I buy anymore, they'll be $10. I know. I do. I like it. Tim said I look like a business lady in my outfit, though. No, I said you look fancy. No, you go. You look like a business lady. I said, "You look like a fancy business lady." I got these uh palazo pants from Lululemon. They are so comfortable. They're like pajama pants, but they look like dress pants. Yeah. I love that. That's nice. I think that's like that's like the best thing that was ever invented. Palazo. Yeah. Pal palazzo. I don't know. Palazzo. They're just like the wide leg, but they have the top like the leggings, you know? Amazing. It's much much later. Um, I think we told you guys about three things today. Oh, yeah. Sorry. But now, well, I'm packing like, right? Yeah, that's what I was gonna tell them. I wanted to show them you packing. That's the That's that. By the way, I want you to think it was like I'm peeing right in the middle of the kitchen. But so, he's packing to get ready to go on the Destiny tomorrow. I don't I go on the Destiny on Sunday. Sunday. Yeah. Tomorrow. I'm just taking the train. The Bright Line. I'm excited to see your first Bright Line experience. Second Bright Line experience. Your second? Yeah. I went down to Miami. Remember? Oh, yeah. For Mission Impossible. I do remember now. But so then we will be joining you on the Destiny. You're going to come home and then we're all going to go on the Destiny. Yeah. After this cruise. So, we had already booked the inaugural cruise, but then Tim was invited on the media voyage. They invited all of us. They invited the whole family to go, but we Jackson can't miss that much school cuz we had already booked the inaugural Destiny. So, we had to kind of pick and choose like where when he could go. So, um Tim's going to go on this one. He's going to scope it out, see what we should, you know, know. And then when we go on as a family, we'll be we'll be pros. Want to talk to Loki? I'm going to say, Loki, you're lowkey the coolest guy on this ship. I feel like Dr. Facilia might be the coolest guy. That's true. I'm I'm excited to feel like Hercules might be the coolest thing. Oh yeah. Oh my gosh, I'm so excited for the show. I've tried to stay like somewhat spoilerfree, but I watched a few things. So, I can't wait. We did see like the preview, like a sneak peek of the actors that are going to be in the show, but they weren't in like their full costumes and stuff. They were just like singing, which was amazing. But I can't wait to see like the full thing. Yeah. So I've have it's great because I'm going down on the train so I've got like time. I'm not driving. I can like watch Hercules. So I'm going to watch Hercules on my phone. Yeah. Go over my notes for the Destiny on my trip down. But also I wanted to talk about this train. Disney's like, "Do you want to take the train down?" I was like, "Yes, that sounds great." So I was like, "Well, we should take the train down, too." Yeah. And like my biggest thing was trying to find a car from the port to or from the train station to the port that could have car seats in it. Mhm. Now, my biggest thing is the price. Yeah, I think it's going to be way cheaper for us to drive our car down. It would cost us like driving and charging on the way down costs about there and back. I think it cost us last time like $50, $60. Then it cost us $80 to park there. That's it. That's the price of of going down there. Whereas, like if I took the Bright Line, for all the people that are going, it would have been like $600 plus the cost of parking at the airport, which I get it's like a premium. It's like premium travel. So, I understand why it has a premium price, but I don't know if that price is worth it for us, right, to go down there. But it does the stress. Well, driving back last time like was not fun, right? It was It was a lot. I think because of the time that you get off the ship is the same time that everybody in South Florida is going to work, right? So, there was like so much traffic, but I thought that was weird because we were headed back north. You would think that everybody'd be like driving down to Miami to like go to work. I don't know what whatever day we left the dream. And I'll link that if you didn't see that cruise series. It was our Halloween on the high seas on the Dream that left out of the Port Everglades. That was like the traffic was crazy. Yeah, it was bad coming back. Yeah. So, you know, I guess it's like a dozen. What do they say? Six one way, half a dozen the other, you know, is it is $600 like worth the stress? I don't know. That's a lot of money. Yeah. And I never actually found then like getting a car. So, like you can't just get an Uber for the car seats. Well, you can. They don't have car seats in Ubers. You You can request I think somebody left a comment in New York. You can request a car seat in New York. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, not in Florida. Florida, they're like, "Ah, we don't care about them kids." So, I could have go like go up a level to a black car. Yeah. It would have been like $160 for a 15-minute drive. So, yeah, it would cost us like almost $800 to go on the Bright Line. I would like to take a trip on the Bright Line one day. I think it would be really cool. I think the kids would really like it. We might just take a trip on the Sunreil. Yeah, that might be like the cheaper option. Yeah, it cost like $12 to take the sunreail. Sounded pretty nice. 12 bucks. Sometimes it's free on the weekends. But I think the kids would enjoy that. So, I don't know. But I am going to continue this video tomorrow because we're going to go to bed now so that Tim can leave in the morning, but I'm going to I'm going to probably end it when you leave and then your video will pick up. Okay. So, I think that's how this is going to work. But today was a great day. Tim got his haircut. I got my haircut. I still I think it just looks so nice. I'm so excited for your like long hair journey. Yeah. Should I? Yeah. Look at you. I think what it is is that so I grew up in the '9s and I had every boy's poster on my wall like Devon Sawa, JTT, Ryder Strong, Ryder Strong's brother, like what was his name? Shiloh. No, his name was Shiloh. Um, you know, like all of those, you know, like Jonathan Brandice. RIP. Who? Jonathan Brandis from um Sequest. Oh, Sequest TSV. Yeah, he was like in other stuff, too. But but going back to the '9s thing. I think that's why I like this haircut. Oh, okay. Because it's like reminding me of like all the the bop, you know, like the magazines like the Big Bopper. Was that what it's called? It's called Tiger Beat. I But there was like the bop one, Tiger Beat, Teen Beat. There were so many Teenop. There were so many magazines. Why was it called Tiger Beat? So, when I was in college, I have no idea, but when I was in college, I so I saved all of my posters that I had on my wall for some I don't know why I saved them, but I literally had I boxed them up and I took them to my college apartment for some reason. And I had all these posters. They were like my posters from the '90s. And I had a roommate, his his name was Andy. He was a guy. And then I had another roommate. Her name was Sarah. And we one weekend pranked him. He went out of town and we pranked him. And we put posters, all of the posters up all the our rooms were so tiny. We like lived in a closet basically. So I was able to cover his walls with all of these posters. But so I did I covered it. We we both did it. It was both of us. Covered his walls with my Tiger Beat Bop teen bop. Teen Tiger Beat all these posters. And he was so mad. What? This guy sounds like no fun. He I mean he was fine, but like it was funny to us. We thought it was very funny. But uh it's a funny prank. So, but that's what happened to my posters. And then he ripped them all. Like he ripped them all. They were like ruined. Yeah. So anyway, um if you had done that to me, I would have left them up for a little bit. You had a poster of Brad Pitt in your room. So I did not have a poster of Brad Pitt in my room. You had a poster of Brad Pitt in your room. Maybe I did. And you're projecting it on me. So anyway, it was from Legends of the Fall. Um your favorite movie. But I love it. Legends of the Fall. If tell me if you've been with us for long enough that you know about this feud. I saw a meme that was it was Tom Cruz biting Brad Pitt's neck and he goes, "What kind of interview is this?" So, uh, anyway, I love your haircut cuz it reminds me of my my teenage years. What do you guys think? Tell us in the comments what you think. Truthfully, be honest. Don't be honest. No, I mean, I can't handle the pain. Okay, we're going to go to bed. you have to get up and you have to go down to um to the Bright Line station, train station. And then I'm gonna also be filming some home vlogs while you're gone. And I'm excited because we have so much fun stuff planned. And uh I'm excited for when I actually get to go on the cruise with you. Yeah. And I think the kids are going to be so excited to see the new ship. So yeah, stay tuned. Well, I'll see you in the morning. Good morning. I love eating cheese. You love eating cheese. That's a pretty common sentiment among most people. M. So, what are you doing, Mommy? We're having breakfast tacos. Oh, mine just has eggs and avocado and hot sauce and cheese, but his has just cheese. Yeah, cuz he already ate breakfast. He already had yogurt and pancakes and everything and he's like, I want more. Oo. Are you so hungry? He's like a hungry boy in the morning. Yeah. And then come lunchtime, he's like, I won't have anything. Cheese. Your cheese. And then Jackson, we just found the new found out that there's a new Pikachu variant in the Switch 2 Pokemon game called Pikachu. And so Jackson is watching the trailer for the new Pokémon game on Switch 2. I think he's probably going to want to get it. I don't know when it comes out, but we will find out. It seems kind of like Animal Crossing, and I like that because it's not like other Pokémon games where you have to like battle other Pokémons. This one's just kind of like you go around and you build the environment. It's like it seems like Minecraft mixed with Animal Crossing but with Pokémon. So, I like that because you build little habitats for them. If you put down grass, then like Charmander shows up or like if you're in the water and you build a fishing pole there and then a Magikarp shows up, stuff like that. So, I like that. And then you like learn from the Pokémon cuz you're actually playing as Ditto as a human. So, here's me. I've got this is like my my backpack. There's not really a lot of stuff in the backpack, but the laptop is in there and like some camera stuff. And this will be my check bag that like just has my clothes in it and stuff. But here's what happens. Usually we're like down to the wire and I'm like got to throw stuff in the suitcase as we're getting out the door. Like pack this stuff in the car and get it out the door. This time I'm like ahead of schedule. Like I have everything packed. And so now I feel like I'm forgetting something because I've already packed everything and in my mind I'm like there's something else that I need to pack. But I've got my clothes. I've got my toiletries. I've got my bathing suit. I've got my cameras. I've got my laptop. I got to get the card reader. That's one thing. Got to get that. Oh, and then I need uh what was the other? Oh, my flip-flops. Do you think that these shoes are okay for Paulo? Paulo dinner. So, I'm going to wear kind of like nice pants and a button-down Hawaiian shirt. Then I was just going to wear these shoes. Um cuz I don't want to bring another pair of shoes. What do you guys think? Story about Halloween. Story about Halloween. Why is your laundry hanging out here? That's not my laundry. That's how it goes. So, I think I'll be fine with Paulo. But if I went to Anshante, I think they'd be like, "You need different shoes." For sure. All right. My bags are packed up. My train leaves in about an hour. It's going to take me about 20 minutes to get to the train station. Then I got to park, find a parking spot, walk down to the train station. So, I'm just giving myself a little bit of time to get there. Yeah, I'm excited to take the train. It should be fun. I really like that there's a bathroom on the train. I know this is such a weird thing to be like, "Yeah, that's what I like." But I like that there's a bathroom on the train cuz it makes it easier as opposed to like driving down and you got to stop, find somewhere to go to the bathroom. Let's go to the bathroom on the train. Piece of cake. So, I'm headed off. The train thing will be its own separate thing as part of my Destiny trip and Jen and the boys are going to be hanging out with you guys while I'm gone. So, I'll see you guys on the Destiny or I'll see you guys on the train. Okay. I have sparkly teeth. You have sparkly teeth. Smell my breath. Okay. Let me smell your breath. M. Smells pretty good actually. For cheese. That's your favorite page. I mean, not that guy. Oh, the car. This one cuz he gets a little blown out tire. Yeah. Oh, okay. I like that. That sounds like fun. All right, boys. I love you guys so much and I'll see you guys on Wednesday. Okay. All right. I love you. Good to good talk, boys. All right, it is much much later. It's about 4:30. Tim uh got on the train, got to his hotel. His train was delayed for about an hour, but he made it there and he said it was so much better than driving, which you'll see all of that in his the next video, which you guys will probably get tomorrow. But um so that's unfortunate because the train's so expensive. But um so today though, I we didn't do much honestly. I took the kids to an indoor playground. We had some lunch. The indoor playground was amazing. We had so much fun. It was just nice to um be able to to go to a place where both kids had something to do because that's always the the struggle is that, you know, they're kind of doing different things because they're different ages. So to find a place where they can both kind of do the same thing and play together is great. But yeah, Oliver took his nap. He's actually just waking up. It's about 4:30 right now. Jackson was playing some Mario Kart while I got some chores done. I did all the laundry, got the dishes done. We had like a sink full of dishes, and I started to get together a planning list for what we're going to pack cuz I also have to pack before Tim gets back. But I'm excited to see what he says the weather's like because I don't really know if it's going to be cold, if it's going to be warm. Hopefully, it's warm cuz we'll be in the Caribbean. But, you know, I don't know how warm. We'll probably still bring some like, you know, nighttime cool weather stuff just so we have it just in case. And it's not a Christmas cruise. Even though normally right now on the other cruises it would be the Very Merry Time cruise. This one isn't because it's the inaugural. So there's no I'm not going to bring me like Christmasy stuff cuz they won't have any of those activities. So yeah, but the baby's just waking up, so I'm going to go get him. Also, I literally filmed this clip already, but there was not a card on the camera, like a memory card. So, if that gives you any indication of how um how that went. I lit I filmed for like 5 minutes with no memory card in the camera. So, that was fun. But uh but yeah, I'm going to go get the baby and then we're probably going to just make tacos for dinner because it's easy. The kids love it. They can make their own tacos. It's like a fun activity and it's delicious. So, it's like, you know, win all around. Win-win win-win. So, I'm probably going to do that and then just kind of chill out for the night and get the kids to bed and then I'll continue on with my chores and my editing because hopefully by then Tim will have sent over some clips so I can start working on the video um that will go up on Monday. I have a feeling that I there will not be a video tomorrow. So, just to give you a heads up, but you never know. I don't know. Stay tuned. You might see something, but you'll for sure get something on Monday. So, I think this is where I'm going to end it. I think this is going to be it. But um stay tuned for all of the Destiny goodness that's going to be coming up. And thank you guys for hanging out with us today and uh over the past couple of days and letting us kind of like get stuff together before Tim leaves. We always appreciate that. And um but yeah, I will see you guys tomorrow. It was a So with all in all, it was a fantastic couple of days. I'll see you tomorrow. And with that being said, I'm off. I'll see you tomorrow. I will I will get it one day. One day I will get it. Um, I'll see you guys tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. [Music]
