---
video_id: y1-BDbEEd3k
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Universal Orlando's Holiday Tour Worth It? | Meeting The Grinch, Holiday Parade & Hidden Details!"
published: 2025-12-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1-BDbEEd3k
---
Today's video is sponsored by Aura Today's video is sponsored by Aura Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. More on that in just a little Frames. More on that in just a little Frames. More on that in just a little bit. bit. bit. &gt;&gt; Good morning from the Universal Orlando &gt;&gt; Good morning from the Universal Orlando &gt;&gt; Good morning from the Universal Orlando parking garage. We're headed in today parking garage. We're headed in today parking garage. We're headed in today because Universal invited us to because Universal invited us to because Universal invited us to experience the holiday tour. We're very experience the holiday tour. We're very experience the holiday tour. We're very excited for this because we get to meet excited for this because we get to meet excited for this because we get to meet the Grinch without waiting in line. We the Grinch without waiting in line. We the Grinch without waiting in line. We get to meet Santa. We get premium seats get to meet Santa. We get premium seats get to meet Santa. We get premium seats for the Grinch show. We get premium for the Grinch show. We get premium for the Grinch show. We get premium seats for the holiday parade. And we get seats for the holiday parade. And we get seats for the holiday parade. And we get to do a cookie decorating experience. to do a cookie decorating experience. to do a cookie decorating experience. It's pretty great. So, the price of this It's pretty great. So, the price of this It's pretty great. So, the price of this tour starts at $89 and that does not tour starts at $89 and that does not tour starts at $89 and that does not include admission into the park. But if include admission into the park. But if include admission into the park. But if you are interested in meeting the you are interested in meeting the you are interested in meeting the Grinch, I think this is the best way to Grinch, I think this is the best way to Grinch, I think this is the best way to do it without having to wait in a very do it without having to wait in a very do it without having to wait in a very long line cuz he is a very popular long line cuz he is a very popular long line cuz he is a very popular experience. experience. experience. &gt;&gt; Plus, we get to meet Santa. &gt;&gt; Plus, we get to meet Santa. &gt;&gt; Plus, we get to meet Santa. &gt;&gt; I don't think you can do that at any &gt;&gt; I don't think you can do that at any &gt;&gt; I don't think you can do that at any other point, right? Like this is the other point, right? Like this is the other point, right? Like this is the only way you can meet Santa. only way you can meet Santa. only way you can meet Santa. &gt;&gt; I don't I think that's true. I'm not &gt;&gt; I don't I think that's true. I'm not &gt;&gt; I don't I think that's true. I'm not &gt;&gt; We'll confirm that, but I think this is &gt;&gt; We'll confirm that, but I think this is &gt;&gt; We'll confirm that, but I think this is the only way you can meet Santa. I'm the only way you can meet Santa. I'm the only way you can meet Santa. I'm just excited to be here. It's a very uh just excited to be here. It's a very uh just excited to be here. It's a very uh light crowd day today, it seems. At light crowd day today, it seems. At light crowd day today, it seems. At least in the CityWalk area. Doesn't seem least in the CityWalk area. Doesn't seem least in the CityWalk area. Doesn't seem like a lot of people. Even the spooky like a lot of people. Even the spooky like a lot of people. Even the spooky golf guys decorate for Christmas. golf guys decorate for Christmas. golf guys decorate for Christmas. &gt;&gt; Oh, they celebrate Christmas. &gt;&gt; Oh, they celebrate Christmas. &gt;&gt; Oh, they celebrate Christmas. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, the haunted house. &gt;&gt; Oh, the haunted house. &gt;&gt; Oh, the haunted house. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we came into CityWalk and &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we came into CityWalk and &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we came into CityWalk and we're headed over to Red Coconut Club, we're headed over to Red Coconut Club, we're headed over to Red Coconut Club, which is where we'll be checking in. And which is where we'll be checking in. And which is where we'll be checking in. And of course during the holidays, there is of course during the holidays, there is of course during the holidays, there is a holiday overlay at the Red Coconut a holiday overlay at the Red Coconut a holiday overlay at the Red Coconut Club. It is called the Green and Red Club. It is called the Green and Red Club. It is called the Green and Red Coconut Club at Mistletoe Pine Ski Coconut Club at Mistletoe Pine Ski Coconut Club at Mistletoe Pine Ski Lodge. This is perfect. Like look at Lodge. This is perfect. Like look at Lodge. This is perfect. Like look at this little photo op right here. Oh no, this little photo op right here. Oh no, this little photo op right here. Oh no, Santa fell into the chimney. Santa fell into the chimney. Santa fell into the chimney. I like all these these This is nice. I like all these these This is nice. I like all these these This is nice. I've never actually been in here before. I've never actually been in here before. I've never actually been in here before. Should also be noted that this may look Should also be noted that this may look Should also be noted that this may look like a small bar right now, but there is like a small bar right now, but there is like a small bar right now, but there is a second floor. All right, so our tour a second floor. All right, so our tour a second floor. All right, so our tour has officially stepped off. We left the has officially stepped off. We left the has officially stepped off. We left the Red Coconut Club and we are headed Red Coconut Club and we are headed Red Coconut Club and we are headed towards Islands of Adventure where we're towards Islands of Adventure where we're towards Islands of Adventure where we're going to go watch the Grinch Miss Hoola going to go watch the Grinch Miss Hoola going to go watch the Grinch Miss Hoola Day Spectacular and uh we've got our Day Spectacular and uh we've got our Day Spectacular and uh we've got our holiday tour badges on. I did want to holiday tour badges on. I did want to holiday tour badges on. I did want to mention that it does run through January mention that it does run through January mention that it does run through January this out, still plenty of time to try it this out, still plenty of time to try it this out, still plenty of time to try it out. The other thing to note is that we out. The other thing to note is that we out. The other thing to note is that we have five people in our group and the have five people in our group and the have five people in our group and the tour group could be up to 12 people. tour group could be up to 12 people. tour group could be up to 12 people. It's not a private tour. It is a like a It's not a private tour. It is a like a It's not a private tour. It is a like a public tour. So, we have three other public tour. So, we have three other public tour. So, we have three other people in our group, but it could be up people in our group, but it could be up people in our group, but it could be up to 12. But for us, there's only eight to 12. But for us, there's only eight to 12. But for us, there's only eight people in our group. people in our group. people in our group. &gt;&gt; There's Earl's truck. We're passing by. &gt;&gt; There's Earl's truck. We're passing by. &gt;&gt; There's Earl's truck. We're passing by. Is he in there? I don't think he's in Is he in there? I don't think he's in Is he in there? I don't think he's in there. Oh, it's full of wreaths. How there. Oh, it's full of wreaths. How there. Oh, it's full of wreaths. How does he even drive? My goodness. does he even drive? My goodness. does he even drive? My goodness. Too many Christmas trees. There it is. Too many Christmas trees. There it is. Too many Christmas trees. There it is. Earl the squirrel tree farm. Mistletoe Earl the squirrel tree farm. Mistletoe Earl the squirrel tree farm. Mistletoe pines. Heading into Islands of Adventure pines. Heading into Islands of Adventure pines. Heading into Islands of Adventure and heading into Seuss Landing. Here we and heading into Seuss Landing. Here we and heading into Seuss Landing. Here we go. The adventure begins. go. The adventure begins. go. The adventure begins. &gt;&gt; We're heading into Grinchmiss in Seuss &gt;&gt; We're heading into Grinchmiss in Seuss &gt;&gt; We're heading into Grinchmiss in Seuss Landing. We've already got some who's Landing. We've already got some who's Landing. We've already got some who's out here. Also, Bryce is our tour guide. out here. Also, Bryce is our tour guide. out here. Also, Bryce is our tour guide. Some who's entertaining the the crowds. Some who's entertaining the the crowds. Some who's entertaining the the crowds. &gt;&gt; There's Cindy Lou. &gt;&gt; There's Cindy Lou. &gt;&gt; There's Cindy Lou. &gt;&gt; Oh, I like his Who decorations. &gt;&gt; Oh, I like his Who decorations. &gt;&gt; Oh, I like his Who decorations. &gt;&gt; This is like that thing on TikTok. I &gt;&gt; This is like that thing on TikTok. I &gt;&gt; This is like that thing on TikTok. I don't know if you guys have Tik Tok and don't know if you guys have Tik Tok and don't know if you guys have Tik Tok and who talk where they say I'm What's your who talk where they say I'm What's your who talk where they say I'm What's your name? name? name? &gt;&gt; Oh, Loo. Hello. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Oh, Loo. Hello. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Oh, Loo. Hello. What's your name? &gt;&gt; I'm Jen. &gt;&gt; I'm Jen. &gt;&gt; I'm Jen. &gt;&gt; Jen Love. We didn't meet you. &gt;&gt; Jen Love. We didn't meet you. &gt;&gt; Jen Love. We didn't meet you. &gt;&gt; See you. And you're like, I'm Loo. &gt;&gt; See you. And you're like, I'm Loo. &gt;&gt; See you. And you're like, I'm Loo. &gt;&gt; Yes. Loo. Yeshu. &gt;&gt; Yes. Loo. Yeshu. &gt;&gt; Yes. Loo. Yeshu. &gt;&gt; Father to Cindy Lou. Are you spinning? &gt;&gt; Father to Cindy Lou. Are you spinning? &gt;&gt; Father to Cindy Lou. Are you spinning? Sorry. Oh my gosh. I'm so husband to Sorry. Oh my gosh. I'm so husband to Sorry. Oh my gosh. I'm so husband to Betty Lou. Betty Lou. Betty Lou. &gt;&gt; How did I not know? &gt;&gt; How did I not know? &gt;&gt; How did I not know? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's okay. That's There's so many &gt;&gt; Oh, that's okay. That's There's so many &gt;&gt; Oh, that's okay. That's There's so many who's there's lots of people. There's who's there's lots of people. There's who's there's lots of people. There's lots of people. lots of people. lots of people. &gt;&gt; This is This is like that meme where &gt;&gt; This is This is like that meme where &gt;&gt; This is This is like that meme where LHoo says I I'm Loo and this is my first LHoo says I I'm Loo and this is my first LHoo says I I'm Loo and this is my first can of hash. And then at the end of the can of hash. And then at the end of the can of hash. And then at the end of the video video video &gt;&gt; at the end of like I'm Loo. I'm like 47 &gt;&gt; at the end of like I'm Loo. I'm like 47 &gt;&gt; at the end of like I'm Loo. I'm like 47 cans of Hooash. That's on a good day. cans of Hooash. That's on a good day. cans of Hooash. That's on a good day. That's on a good day. Yes. Of course. That's on a good day. Yes. Of course. That's on a good day. Yes. Of course. Well, would we like a photo? Well, would we like a photo? Well, would we like a photo? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Of course. I don't know what is. &gt;&gt; Of course. I don't know what is. &gt;&gt; Of course. I don't know what is. It's over at the Whoville tree lot right It's over at the Whoville tree lot right It's over at the Whoville tree lot right next to One Fish, Two Fish. So, they're next to One Fish, Two Fish. So, they're next to One Fish, Two Fish. So, they're acappella singers. Acappella who's acappella singers. Acappella who's acappella singers. Acappella who's hookapellas. I don't know what the pun hookapellas. I don't know what the pun hookapellas. I don't know what the pun would be there. would be there. would be there. &gt;&gt; What are they What are they doing? &gt;&gt; What are they What are they doing? &gt;&gt; What are they What are they doing? &gt;&gt; They're ac cappella singers. &gt;&gt; They're ac cappella singers. &gt;&gt; They're ac cappella singers. &gt;&gt; Who is &gt;&gt; Who is &gt;&gt; Who is &gt;&gt; That's right. The Who's are ac cappella &gt;&gt; That's right. The Who's are ac cappella &gt;&gt; That's right. The Who's are ac cappella singers. singers. singers. &gt;&gt; Wait, but what are you talking about &gt;&gt; Wait, but what are you talking about &gt;&gt; Wait, but what are you talking about &gt;&gt; over there? The hoo-ops. &gt;&gt; over there? The hoo-ops. &gt;&gt; over there? The hoo-ops. &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't see them. There's There's a &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't see them. There's There's a &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't see them. There's There's a lot to see here. I'm really having like lot to see here. I'm really having like lot to see here. I'm really having like overload. Like visual overload. overload. Like visual overload. overload. Like visual overload. &gt;&gt; Up next, the Grinch Miss Hoola Day &gt;&gt; Up next, the Grinch Miss Hoola Day &gt;&gt; Up next, the Grinch Miss Hoola Day Spectacular. I had the hardest time Spectacular. I had the hardest time Spectacular. I had the hardest time saying hoola day earlier. So, here are saying hoola day earlier. So, here are saying hoola day earlier. So, here are the times. We're going to see the 115 the times. We're going to see the 115 the times. We're going to see the 115 show. 3:30, 4:30 has ASL. 5:30, and 6:30 show. 3:30, 4:30 has ASL. 5:30, and 6:30 show. 3:30, 4:30 has ASL. 5:30, and 6:30 Grinchmiss. Hoola Day spectacular. I'm Grinchmiss. Hoola Day spectacular. I'm Grinchmiss. Hoola Day spectacular. I'm going to get it right by the end of this going to get it right by the end of this going to get it right by the end of this video. So, we're heading into the old video. So, we're heading into the old video. So, we're heading into the old Blue Man Group stage to watch Grinch. Blue Man Group stage to watch Grinch. Blue Man Group stage to watch Grinch. There was already a big long line There was already a big long line There was already a big long line outside and we're not having to wait in outside and we're not having to wait in outside and we're not having to wait in that line. We're headed right in and that line. We're headed right in and that line. We're headed right in and getting our seats right away. Oh, yeah. getting our seats right away. Oh, yeah. getting our seats right away. Oh, yeah. Look. Oh, who car? Oh, blue man. I can Look. Oh, who car? Oh, blue man. I can Look. Oh, who car? Oh, blue man. I can see the blue still. But before we head see the blue still. But before we head see the blue still. But before we head in, a word about today's sponsor. in, a word about today's sponsor. in, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Aura Today's video is sponsored by Aura Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. Aura Frames are Wi-Fi connected Frames. Aura Frames are Wi-Fi connected Frames. Aura Frames are Wi-Fi connected digital picture frames that allow you to digital picture frames that allow you to digital picture frames that allow you to share photos to the frame from anywhere share photos to the frame from anywhere share photos to the frame from anywhere you have access to the internet. All you have access to the internet. All you have access to the internet. All right, folks. The holidays are here. right, folks. The holidays are here. right, folks. The holidays are here. This is crunch time. Is there somebody This is crunch time. Is there somebody This is crunch time. Is there somebody on your list that you've been on your list that you've been on your list that you've been procrastinating shopping for because you procrastinating shopping for because you procrastinating shopping for because you just don't know what to get them? I got just don't know what to get them? I got just don't know what to get them? I got the solution for you. I'm going to make the solution for you. I'm going to make the solution for you. I'm going to make it super easy for you. You get them an it super easy for you. You get them an it super easy for you. You get them an Aura frame this holiday season. It's Aura frame this holiday season. It's Aura frame this holiday season. It's super easy and you can take your gift to super easy and you can take your gift to super easy and you can take your gift to the next level by preloading the frame the next level by preloading the frame the next level by preloading the frame with pictures they'll love. And then all with pictures they'll love. And then all with pictures they'll love. And then all they have to do is open it up, plug it they have to do is open it up, plug it they have to do is open it up, plug it in, connect to the Wi-Fi, and then bam, in, connect to the Wi-Fi, and then bam, in, connect to the Wi-Fi, and then bam, they've got a beautiful frame full of they've got a beautiful frame full of they've got a beautiful frame full of photos and memories ready to display. photos and memories ready to display. photos and memories ready to display. Oh, you don't have time to wrap this Oh, you don't have time to wrap this Oh, you don't have time to wrap this last minute gift? No worries. The Aura last minute gift? No worries. The Aura last minute gift? No worries. The Aura frame already comes in a nice box, so frame already comes in a nice box, so frame already comes in a nice box, so you're good to go. We just pop a little you're good to go. We just pop a little you're good to go. We just pop a little bow on it for a little extra holiday bow on it for a little extra holiday bow on it for a little extra holiday razledazzle, and it's always a hit. We razledazzle, and it's always a hit. We razledazzle, and it's always a hit. We love how great the photos look on the love how great the photos look on the love how great the photos look on the frame. It automatically adjusts to the frame. It automatically adjusts to the frame. It automatically adjusts to the light levels in the room to give you the light levels in the room to give you the light levels in the room to give you the best looking image. It even turns off best looking image. It even turns off best looking image. It even turns off when the lights are off in the room, so when the lights are off in the room, so when the lights are off in the room, so you don't have to worry about wasting you don't have to worry about wasting you don't have to worry about wasting energy. We also love that you can add energy. We also love that you can add energy. We also love that you can add photos to the frame throughout the year photos to the frame throughout the year photos to the frame throughout the year from anywhere you have an internet from anywhere you have an internet from anywhere you have an internet connection. And you don't have to worry connection. And you don't have to worry connection. And you don't have to worry about how many you add because there's about how many you add because there's about how many you add because there's unlimited uploads and no subscription unlimited uploads and no subscription unlimited uploads and no subscription fee. But you don't have to take our word fee. But you don't have to take our word fee. But you don't have to take our word for it. Aura has been ranked the number for it. Aura has been ranked the number for it. Aura has been ranked the number one digital picture frame by Wire one digital picture frame by Wire one digital picture frame by Wire Cutter, which is a review site that we Cutter, which is a review site that we Cutter, which is a review site that we use when researching gifts. And this use when researching gifts. And this use when researching gifts. And this holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday exclusive, The Stone Collection, holiday exclusive, The Stone Collection, holiday exclusive, The Stone Collection, that is inspired by the tones and that is inspired by the tones and that is inspired by the tones and textures of organic stones. The Stone textures of organic stones. The Stone textures of organic stones. The Stone Collection is made to stand out with Collection is made to stand out with Collection is made to stand out with premium materials and organic textures premium materials and organic textures premium materials and organic textures that are rarely found in tech. Designed that are rarely found in tech. Designed that are rarely found in tech. Designed to naturally complement your home. And to naturally complement your home. And to naturally complement your home. And right now, you can visit aura.com and right now, you can visit aura.com and right now, you can visit aura.com and get $55 off Aura's limited edition stone get $55 off Aura's limited edition stone get $55 off Aura's limited edition stone collection frame by using the promo code collection frame by using the promo code collection frame by using the promo code tracker at checkout. That's tracker at checkout. That's tracker at checkout. That's auraframes.com. auraframes.com. auraframes.com. Promo code tracker. This deal is Promo code tracker. This deal is Promo code tracker. This deal is exclusive to you guys and frames sell exclusive to you guys and frames sell exclusive to you guys and frames sell out fast, so you order yours now to get out fast, so you order yours now to get out fast, so you order yours now to get it in time for the holidays. And be sure it in time for the holidays. And be sure it in time for the holidays. And be sure to mention us at checkout to let them to mention us at checkout to let them to mention us at checkout to let them know that we sent you. Terms and know that we sent you. Terms and know that we sent you. Terms and conditions do apply and want to say conditions do apply and want to say conditions do apply and want to say thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. Oh video. And now back to the video. Oh video. And now back to the video. Oh yeah, we got pretty darn good seats. yeah, we got pretty darn good seats. yeah, we got pretty darn good seats. &gt;&gt; I don't think I've ever seen it in this &gt;&gt; I don't think I've ever seen it in this &gt;&gt; I don't think I've ever seen it in this building. building. building. &gt;&gt; I think I did. &gt;&gt; I think I did. &gt;&gt; I think I did. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think last year it was here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think last year it was here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think last year it was here. &gt;&gt; Was it? &gt;&gt; Was it? &gt;&gt; Was it? &gt;&gt; I didn't see it last year. Inside a &gt;&gt; I didn't see it last year. Inside a &gt;&gt; I didn't see it last year. Inside a snowflake like the one on your sleeve, snowflake like the one on your sleeve, snowflake like the one on your sleeve, there happened a story you must see to there happened a story you must see to there happened a story you must see to believe. Not yet. Okay. Not yet. Okay. Not yet. Okay. &gt;&gt; Mr. Single now again. now again. now again. &gt;&gt; Noise, noise, noise. Christmas. This &gt;&gt; Noise, noise, noise. Christmas. This &gt;&gt; Noise, noise, noise. Christmas. This Christmas music is joyful and Christmas music is joyful and Christmas music is joyful and triumphant. triumphant. triumphant. &gt;&gt; His heart was two sizes too small. &gt;&gt; His heart was two sizes too small. &gt;&gt; His heart was two sizes too small. Explained the grit. Explained the grit. Explained the grit. &gt;&gt; Doesn't it seem a bit much? Oh, Simeon &gt;&gt; Doesn't it seem a bit much? Oh, Simeon &gt;&gt; Doesn't it seem a bit much? Oh, Simeon Lou, Lou, Lou, YOU'VE BEEN PRACTICING YOUR CHRISTMAS YOU'VE BEEN PRACTICING YOUR CHRISTMAS YOU'VE BEEN PRACTICING YOUR CHRISTMAS WRAPPING. OH, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU. WRAPPING. OH, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU. WRAPPING. OH, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU. &gt;&gt; WHAT IS Christmas really about? &gt;&gt; WHAT IS Christmas really about? &gt;&gt; WHAT IS Christmas really about? &gt;&gt; The present, which reminds you we've got &gt;&gt; The present, which reminds you we've got &gt;&gt; The present, which reminds you we've got to get a gift for your cousin. to get a gift for your cousin. to get a gift for your cousin. &gt;&gt; What about THE GRINCH? &gt;&gt; What about THE GRINCH? &gt;&gt; What about THE GRINCH? &gt;&gt; Where are you, Christmas? &gt;&gt; Where are you, Christmas? &gt;&gt; Where are you, Christmas? Why can't I find you? You never Why can't I find Why can't I find Why can't I find you? &gt;&gt; Then the Grinch got an idea. I know just &gt;&gt; Then the Grinch got an idea. I know just &gt;&gt; Then the Grinch got an idea. I know just what to do, Max. He laughed in his what to do, Max. He laughed in his what to do, Max. He laughed in his throat and he made a pretty tickle hat throat and he made a pretty tickle hat throat and he made a pretty tickle hat and a goat and he chuckled and clapped. and a goat and he chuckled and clapped. and a goat and he chuckled and clapped. &gt;&gt; What a great great trick. With this coat &gt;&gt; What a great great trick. With this coat &gt;&gt; What a great great trick. With this coat and this hat, I look just like St. Nick. and this hat, I look just like St. Nick. and this hat, I look just like St. Nick. &gt;&gt; You're a mean wonder. &gt;&gt; You're a mean wonder. &gt;&gt; You're a mean wonder. You're a bad banana with a glyc one. I'm the Grinch. My brain is full of one. I'm the Grinch. My brain is full of one. I'm the Grinch. My brain is full of spiders. You've got garlic in your soul, spiders. You've got garlic in your soul, spiders. You've got garlic in your soul, Mr. Gr. Mr. Gr. Mr. Gr. Then he slid down the chimney. A rather Then he slid down the chimney. A rather Then he slid down the chimney. A rather tight pinch. tight pinch. tight pinch. &gt;&gt; I have been stress eating. &gt;&gt; I have been stress eating. &gt;&gt; I have been stress eating. &gt;&gt; But but if Santa could do it, then so &gt;&gt; But but if Santa could do it, then so &gt;&gt; But but if Santa could do it, then so could the Grinch. could the Grinch. could the Grinch. &gt;&gt; Oh, if Santa can do it, then so can the &gt;&gt; Oh, if Santa can do it, then so can the &gt;&gt; Oh, if Santa can do it, then so can the Grinch. Grinch. Grinch. &gt;&gt; He turned around fast and he saw a small &gt;&gt; He turned around fast and he saw a small &gt;&gt; He turned around fast and he saw a small Who? Little Cindy Lhoo. Who? Little Cindy Lhoo. Who? Little Cindy Lhoo. &gt;&gt; Santa Claus. &gt;&gt; Santa Claus. &gt;&gt; Santa Claus. HO HO HO. WHY my sweet little dog? HO HO HO. WHY my sweet little dog? HO HO HO. WHY my sweet little dog? &gt;&gt; The fake Santa's lie. &gt;&gt; The fake Santa's lie. &gt;&gt; The fake Santa's lie. &gt;&gt; You're not helping. &gt;&gt; There's a light on this tree. &gt;&gt; There's a light on this tree. &gt;&gt; There's a light on this tree. &gt;&gt; That won't light on one side. I'm going &gt;&gt; That won't light on one side. I'm going &gt;&gt; That won't light on one side. I'm going to take it back to my workshop, my dear. to take it back to my workshop, my dear. to take it back to my workshop, my dear. I'll fix it up there, then. Bring it I'll fix it up there, then. Bring it I'll fix it up there, then. Bring it back here. I'll back here. I'll back here. I'll &gt;&gt; Don't forget about the Grinch. Just &gt;&gt; Don't forget about the Grinch. Just &gt;&gt; Don't forget about the Grinch. Just because he's different. because he's different. because he's different. Well, that doesn't mean you shouldn't Well, that doesn't mean you shouldn't Well, that doesn't mean you shouldn't get a present on Christmas. get a present on Christmas. get a present on Christmas. &gt;&gt; Cute kid. &gt;&gt; Cute kid. &gt;&gt; Cute kid. &gt;&gt; BAD JUDGE OF CHARACTER. &gt;&gt; BAD JUDGE OF CHARACTER. &gt;&gt; BAD JUDGE OF CHARACTER. &gt;&gt; OH, you're a mild one, Mr. Grinch. &gt;&gt; OH, you're a mild one, Mr. Grinch. &gt;&gt; OH, you're a mild one, Mr. Grinch. &gt;&gt; They're finding out now that no &gt;&gt; They're finding out now that no &gt;&gt; They're finding out now that no Christmas is coming. They're just waking Christmas is coming. They're just waking Christmas is coming. They're just waking up. I know just what they'll do. Their up. I know just what they'll do. Their up. I know just what they'll do. Their mouths will hang open for a minute or mouths will hang open for a minute or mouths will hang open for a minute or two. that all the who's doubted who will two. that all the who's doubted who will two. that all the who's doubted who will all cry boo. Now that's annoying the Grinch. I simply Now that's annoying the Grinch. I simply Now that's annoying the Grinch. I simply must hear must hear must hear every who down in Whoville, the tall and every who down in Whoville, the tall and every who down in Whoville, the tall and the small the small the small were singing without any presence at were singing without any presence at were singing without any presence at all. all. all. &gt;&gt; How could it be so? It came without &gt;&gt; How could it be so? It came without &gt;&gt; How could it be so? It came without rivets. It came without tags. It came rivets. It came without tags. It came rivets. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes of bags. without packages, boxes of bags. without packages, boxes of bags. &gt;&gt; What happened then? Well, in Whoville, &gt;&gt; What happened then? Well, in Whoville, &gt;&gt; What happened then? Well, in Whoville, they say that the Grinch's small heart they say that the Grinch's small heart they say that the Grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day. &gt;&gt; Max, &gt;&gt; Max, &gt;&gt; Max, Merry Christmas, who &gt;&gt; we made the Grinch, &gt;&gt; Mr. &gt;&gt; Mr. &gt;&gt; Mr. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Why are you dressed like Santa Claus? &gt;&gt; Why are you dressed like Santa Claus? &gt;&gt; Why are you dressed like Santa Claus? &gt;&gt; DON'T FRIGHTEN. I DID IT. I TOOK ALL OF &gt;&gt; DON'T FRIGHTEN. I DID IT. I TOOK ALL OF &gt;&gt; DON'T FRIGHTEN. I DID IT. I TOOK ALL OF your gifts. It's true. your gifts. It's true. your gifts. It's true. &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; because of this child's kindness, &gt;&gt; because of this child's kindness, &gt;&gt; because of this child's kindness, I bring it all back to you. Merry I bring it all back to you. Merry I bring it all back to you. Merry Christmas, Sydney Little. Christmas, Sydney Little. Christmas, Sydney Little. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Mr. Grinch. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Mr. Grinch. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas, Mr. Grinch. &gt;&gt; Oh, SENILE OLD MAN IS YOUR &gt;&gt; Oh, SENILE OLD MAN IS YOUR &gt;&gt; Oh, SENILE OLD MAN IS YOUR MERRY CHRISTMAS. OH, merry Christmas, my family. &gt;&gt; Really enjoyed the show. It was fun. &gt;&gt; Really enjoyed the show. It was fun. &gt;&gt; Really enjoyed the show. It was fun. &gt;&gt; They made some updates to the set. Yeah, &gt;&gt; They made some updates to the set. Yeah, &gt;&gt; They made some updates to the set. Yeah, I thought they did a great job. I thought they did a great job. I thought they did a great job. &gt;&gt; We've made it over to Universal Studios &gt;&gt; We've made it over to Universal Studios &gt;&gt; We've made it over to Universal Studios Florida and we are going to head inside. Florida and we are going to head inside. Florida and we are going to head inside. So, we did exit over by Hard Rock and So, we did exit over by Hard Rock and So, we did exit over by Hard Rock and now we're here heading into Universal now we're here heading into Universal now we're here heading into Universal Studios. So, there is a holiday tour Studios. So, there is a holiday tour Studios. So, there is a holiday tour every day that the event is happening every day that the event is happening every day that the event is happening through January 4th. So, now we're through January 4th. So, now we're through January 4th. So, now we're headed over towards the media center headed over towards the media center headed over towards the media center which is right next to Lab Bomba where which is right next to Lab Bomba where which is right next to Lab Bomba where we're going to meet the Grinch and Max. we're going to meet the Grinch and Max. we're going to meet the Grinch and Max. We got to take a look at the wreaths and We got to take a look at the wreaths and We got to take a look at the wreaths and decorations and see if you can find some decorations and see if you can find some decorations and see if you can find some Easter eggs. You can see the Terminator Easter eggs. You can see the Terminator Easter eggs. You can see the Terminator skull right there because Born skull right there because Born skull right there because Born Stuntacular used to be Terminator 2 3D. Stuntacular used to be Terminator 2 3D. Stuntacular used to be Terminator 2 3D. But also, I think we're going to take a But also, I think we're going to take a But also, I think we're going to take a stop into the tribute store a little bit stop into the tribute store a little bit stop into the tribute store a little bit later, which is exciting because we later, which is exciting because we later, which is exciting because we haven't been into the tribute store yet haven't been into the tribute store yet haven't been into the tribute store yet this season. They built a whole this season. They built a whole this season. They built a whole airirstream right there. Making a list airirstream right there. Making a list airirstream right there. Making a list and checking it twice. and checking it twice. and checking it twice. &gt;&gt; I made it high. &gt;&gt; I made it high. &gt;&gt; I made it high. &gt;&gt; You did great. &gt;&gt; You did great. &gt;&gt; You did great. &gt;&gt; I'm proud of you. &gt;&gt; I'm proud of you. &gt;&gt; I'm proud of you. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; I'm waiting for August to win. &gt;&gt; I'm waiting for August to win. &gt;&gt; I'm waiting for August to win. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm decorating the palm trees. &gt;&gt; I'm decorating the palm trees. &gt;&gt; I'm decorating the palm trees. &gt;&gt; I think it's really important that we do &gt;&gt; I think it's really important that we do &gt;&gt; I think it's really important that we do that. You know, I told them to make that. You know, I told them to make that. You know, I told them to make every tree a Christmas tree. every tree a Christmas tree. every tree a Christmas tree. &gt;&gt; Working on it. Okay. I love that. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Working on it. Okay. I love that. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Working on it. Okay. I love that. Yeah, we got some ornaments, some lights. What we got some ornaments, some lights. What we got some ornaments, some lights. What else should I add? else should I add? else should I add? &gt;&gt; I feel like every tree is a Christmas &gt;&gt; I feel like every tree is a Christmas &gt;&gt; I feel like every tree is a Christmas tree on Christmas, right? tree on Christmas, right? tree on Christmas, right? &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. And it's only 10 &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. And it's only 10 &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. And it's only 10 days till Christmas. days till Christmas. days till Christmas. &gt;&gt; That's true. next week. &gt;&gt; That's true. next week. &gt;&gt; That's true. next week. &gt;&gt; But you're going to spread that &gt;&gt; But you're going to spread that &gt;&gt; But you're going to spread that Christmas spirit. Christmas spirit. Christmas spirit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, please do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, please do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, please do that. &gt;&gt; And you're going to say hi to our boss, &gt;&gt; And you're going to say hi to our boss, &gt;&gt; And you're going to say hi to our boss, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if you find a better kite, let me &gt;&gt; And if you find a better kite, let me &gt;&gt; And if you find a better kite, let me know. know. know. &gt;&gt; Tell him Partridge and Potato. Say hi. &gt;&gt; Tell him Partridge and Potato. Say hi. &gt;&gt; Tell him Partridge and Potato. Say hi. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; This is the NBC media center. This is &gt;&gt; This is the NBC media center. This is &gt;&gt; This is the NBC media center. This is where we're headed into where we're where we're headed into where we're where we're headed into where we're going to meet the Grinch and Max. And going to meet the Grinch and Max. And going to meet the Grinch and Max. And we're going to get some light bites we're going to get some light bites we're going to get some light bites here. Bryce, is that what's happening, here. Bryce, is that what's happening, here. Bryce, is that what's happening, too? Oh, it's going to be fun. So, we're too? Oh, it's going to be fun. So, we're too? Oh, it's going to be fun. So, we're kind of going back beside the media kind of going back beside the media kind of going back beside the media center where we're going to meet the center where we're going to meet the center where we're going to meet the Grinch and Max. Oh, this is it. We're Grinch and Max. Oh, this is it. We're Grinch and Max. Oh, this is it. We're first in line. Look at that. first in line. Look at that. first in line. Look at that. First in line. First in line. First in line. &gt;&gt; Oo. High five. We did it. &gt;&gt; Oo. High five. We did it. &gt;&gt; Oo. High five. We did it. &gt;&gt; There's Max. How's it going, Max? Do you &gt;&gt; There's Max. How's it going, Max? Do you &gt;&gt; There's Max. How's it going, Max? Do you see it? see it? see it? &gt;&gt; I know it's a fuzzy thing. &gt;&gt; I know it's a fuzzy thing. &gt;&gt; I know it's a fuzzy thing. &gt;&gt; It's confusing. You want to smell it? &gt;&gt; It's confusing. You want to smell it? &gt;&gt; It's confusing. You want to smell it? &gt;&gt; You can. It's okay. &gt;&gt; You can. It's okay. &gt;&gt; You can. It's okay. &gt;&gt; I'm not so sure about that. &gt;&gt; I'm not so sure about that. &gt;&gt; I'm not so sure about that. &gt;&gt; Good job, Max. Stay. &gt;&gt; Good job, Max. Stay. &gt;&gt; Good job, Max. Stay. &gt;&gt; You can pet him. &gt;&gt; You can pet him. &gt;&gt; You can pet him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can pet on his back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can pet on his back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can pet on his back. &gt;&gt; There he goes. &gt;&gt; There he goes. &gt;&gt; There he goes. &gt;&gt; How does he feel? &gt;&gt; How does he feel? &gt;&gt; How does he feel? &gt;&gt; Oh, he feels like Bandit. &gt;&gt; Oh, he feels like Bandit. &gt;&gt; Oh, he feels like Bandit. &gt;&gt; Oh, does he? &gt;&gt; Oh, does he? &gt;&gt; Oh, does he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; what do you say, bud? &gt;&gt; what do you say, bud? &gt;&gt; what do you say, bud? &gt;&gt; Greetings. High five. &gt;&gt; Greetings. High five. &gt;&gt; Greetings. High five. &gt;&gt; That was good. Nice. Come on over. &gt;&gt; That was good. Nice. Come on over. &gt;&gt; That was good. Nice. Come on over. &gt;&gt; So, big fan of the Grinch, right? &gt;&gt; So, big fan of the Grinch, right? &gt;&gt; So, big fan of the Grinch, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Good. Okay. You can answer these simple &gt;&gt; Good. Okay. You can answer these simple &gt;&gt; Good. Okay. You can answer these simple questions for me. What is the Grinch's questions for me. What is the Grinch's questions for me. What is the Grinch's favorite food? You can phone a friend. favorite food? You can phone a friend. favorite food? You can phone a friend. &gt;&gt; Onions. &gt;&gt; Onions. &gt;&gt; Onions. &gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. I will also accept that to &gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. I will also accept that to &gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. I will also accept that to any answer cuz I'll eat literally any answer cuz I'll eat literally any answer cuz I'll eat literally anything. anything. anything. &gt;&gt; Oh, there you go. &gt;&gt; Oh, there you go. &gt;&gt; Oh, there you go. &gt;&gt; Some crushed glass, sludge, the last can &gt;&gt; Some crushed glass, sludge, the last can &gt;&gt; Some crushed glass, sludge, the last can of hash. of hash. of hash. &gt;&gt; Okay. Question number two. What is the &gt;&gt; Okay. Question number two. What is the &gt;&gt; Okay. Question number two. What is the Grinch's dog's name? Is it an easy one? Grinch's dog's name? Is it an easy one? Grinch's dog's name? Is it an easy one? Correct. Bonus question. How old is Max? Correct. Bonus question. How old is Max? Correct. Bonus question. How old is Max? &gt;&gt; Oh, we just found that out. Do you &gt;&gt; Oh, we just found that out. Do you &gt;&gt; Oh, we just found that out. Do you remember what she said? remember what she said? remember what she said? &gt;&gt; 50. &gt;&gt; 50. &gt;&gt; 50. &gt;&gt; He said 50. That's right. &gt;&gt; He said 50. That's right. &gt;&gt; He said 50. That's right. &gt;&gt; He never tells me, although I never &gt;&gt; He never tells me, although I never &gt;&gt; He never tells me, although I never asked it. Okay, final question. You want asked it. Okay, final question. You want asked it. Okay, final question. You want a picture of the Grinch? a picture of the Grinch? a picture of the Grinch? &gt;&gt; Correct. Come on over. &gt;&gt; Yoga with the Grinch. I &gt;&gt; Yoga with the Grinch. I &gt;&gt; Yoga with the Grinch. I &gt;&gt; Here's one that I call the Christmas &gt;&gt; Here's one that I call the Christmas &gt;&gt; Here's one that I call the Christmas tree topper. tree topper. tree topper. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Can you do it, bud? &gt;&gt; Can you do it, bud? &gt;&gt; Can you do it, bud? &gt;&gt; Can you do that? Oh, excellent. &gt;&gt; Can you do that? Oh, excellent. &gt;&gt; Can you do that? Oh, excellent. Actually, Actually, Actually, &gt;&gt; I like it. I like it. &gt;&gt; I like it. I like it. &gt;&gt; I like it. I like it. &gt;&gt; And now we play and we're speak French. &gt;&gt; Breathe. Breathe in. And then you just &gt;&gt; Breathe. Breathe in. And then you just &gt;&gt; Breathe. Breathe in. And then you just let all your your negative feelings out. let all your your negative feelings out. let all your your negative feelings out. Okay. Ready? Breathe in. Okay. Ready? Breathe in. Okay. Ready? Breathe in. And now we breathe out. You felt that? Oh, I felt that. A weight You felt that? Oh, I felt that. A weight You felt that? Oh, I felt that. A weight lifted off my shoulders. Well done. lifted off my shoulders. Well done. lifted off my shoulders. Well done. &gt;&gt; You feel good, Jackson? &gt;&gt; You feel good, Jackson? &gt;&gt; You feel good, Jackson? &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, that was great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, that was great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, that was great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, that wasn't so bad. I'm used &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, that wasn't so bad. I'm used &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, that wasn't so bad. I'm used to this little hug thing. to this little hug thing. to this little hug thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we met the Grinch kind of like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we met the Grinch kind of like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we met the Grinch kind of like off and to the right back there. Back off and to the right back there. Back off and to the right back there. Back behind there was a separate room. And behind there was a separate room. And behind there was a separate room. And now we're heading into the media center now we're heading into the media center now we're heading into the media center for light bites. We did find out there for light bites. We did find out there for light bites. We did find out there will be cookies in there, but this isn't will be cookies in there, but this isn't will be cookies in there, but this isn't the cookie decorating experience yet. the cookie decorating experience yet. the cookie decorating experience yet. You can get drinks on either side You can get drinks on either side You can get drinks on either side included. And there's a whole section included. And there's a whole section included. And there's a whole section for food back there. There goes Max. for food back there. There goes Max. for food back there. There goes Max. He's not dressed like Max, though. That He's not dressed like Max, though. That He's not dressed like Max, though. That was Max number two. They do have was Max number two. They do have was Max number two. They do have gluten-free options available. And then gluten-free options available. And then gluten-free options available. And then also, please inform a manager or chef if also, please inform a manager or chef if also, please inform a manager or chef if you have a special dietary you have a special dietary you have a special dietary accommodations. So, he's got some fresh accommodations. So, he's got some fresh accommodations. So, he's got some fresh fruit and a little Caesar salad, white fruit and a little Caesar salad, white fruit and a little Caesar salad, white Christmas pasta, which seems just like Christmas pasta, which seems just like Christmas pasta, which seems just like an Alfredo, penny pasta, white cheddar an Alfredo, penny pasta, white cheddar an Alfredo, penny pasta, white cheddar sauce, mozzarella, and parmesan. And sauce, mozzarella, and parmesan. And sauce, mozzarella, and parmesan. And then turkey and stuffing casserole. then turkey and stuffing casserole. then turkey and stuffing casserole. Pulled turkey and vegetables with a Pulled turkey and vegetables with a Pulled turkey and vegetables with a savory sauce topped with a baked savory sauce topped with a baked savory sauce topped with a baked stuffing crust. Yeah, that's what I'm stuffing crust. Yeah, that's what I'm stuffing crust. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Thanksgiving in a spoon. talking about. Thanksgiving in a spoon. talking about. Thanksgiving in a spoon. And these are pigs in a blanket, but And these are pigs in a blanket, but And these are pigs in a blanket, but they have like a fancy French name for they have like a fancy French name for they have like a fancy French name for them. And there's some seasonal chutney them. And there's some seasonal chutney them. And there's some seasonal chutney and yellow mustard and also some and yellow mustard and also some and yellow mustard and also some ketchup. And then there is assorted ketchup. And then there is assorted ketchup. And then there is assorted desserts, including assorted mini desserts, including assorted mini desserts, including assorted mini cheesecakes. I like this little like cheesecakes. I like this little like cheesecakes. I like this little like melted snowman type thing up here. A melted snowman type thing up here. A melted snowman type thing up here. A vegan cookie, mango passion fruit mini vegan cookie, mango passion fruit mini vegan cookie, mango passion fruit mini cheesecake, raspberry mini cheesecake, cheesecake, raspberry mini cheesecake, cheesecake, raspberry mini cheesecake, salted caramel mini cheesecake, cookies salted caramel mini cheesecake, cookies salted caramel mini cheesecake, cookies and cream mini cheesecake, chocolate and cream mini cheesecake, chocolate and cream mini cheesecake, chocolate fudge mini cheesecake. I'm going to get fudge mini cheesecake. I'm going to get fudge mini cheesecake. I'm going to get this cold hot chocolate mousse and this this cold hot chocolate mousse and this this cold hot chocolate mousse and this vegan cookie. That's my right up my vegan cookie. That's my right up my vegan cookie. That's my right up my alley. I think my biggest thing was the alley. I think my biggest thing was the alley. I think my biggest thing was the turkey and the pigs in a blanket turkey and the pigs in a blanket turkey and the pigs in a blanket &gt;&gt; and then desserts. &gt;&gt; and then desserts. &gt;&gt; and then desserts. &gt;&gt; It looks really good. Actually, &gt;&gt; It looks really good. Actually, &gt;&gt; It looks really good. Actually, &gt;&gt; this is like a They said light bites, &gt;&gt; this is like a They said light bites, &gt;&gt; this is like a They said light bites, but this is like a full out meal. but this is like a full out meal. but this is like a full out meal. &gt;&gt; This looks so good. &gt;&gt; This looks so good. &gt;&gt; This looks so good. &gt;&gt; All right, so we're done with our light &gt;&gt; All right, so we're done with our light &gt;&gt; All right, so we're done with our light bites. Now we are headed over towards bites. Now we are headed over towards bites. Now we are headed over towards Fallon where we will go upstairs and we Fallon where we will go upstairs and we Fallon where we will go upstairs and we will enter a portal to the North Pole will enter a portal to the North Pole will enter a portal to the North Pole and meet the big guy himself, Santa and meet the big guy himself, Santa and meet the big guy himself, Santa Claus. Well, they've already got some Claus. Well, they've already got some Claus. Well, they've already got some some barriers up for the parade starting some barriers up for the parade starting some barriers up for the parade starting at 5:30 tonight. It's 3:30 now and at 5:30 tonight. It's 3:30 now and at 5:30 tonight. It's 3:30 now and people might start lining up pretty soon people might start lining up pretty soon people might start lining up pretty soon for the parade, but we don't have to for the parade, but we don't have to for the parade, but we don't have to worry about that cuz we've got a worry about that cuz we've got a worry about that cuz we've got a reserved spot to watch it thanks to the reserved spot to watch it thanks to the reserved spot to watch it thanks to the holiday tour. Oh yeah, you see a holiday tour. Oh yeah, you see a holiday tour. Oh yeah, you see a Jurassic Park clapboard on it. Jurassic Park clapboard on it. Jurassic Park clapboard on it. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, Jaws. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a disaster ride. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a disaster ride. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a disaster ride. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's fun. &gt;&gt; I was a huge sucker for any form of a &gt;&gt; I was a huge sucker for any form of a &gt;&gt; I was a huge sucker for any form of a show. So twister ride it out as well as show. So twister ride it out as well as show. So twister ride it out as well as disaster. I can't disaster. I can't disaster. I can't &gt;&gt; I can't see what that is up there. The &gt;&gt; I can't see what that is up there. The &gt;&gt; I can't see what that is up there. The backlog club is still happening here backlog club is still happening here backlog club is still happening here during the holiday season. 500,800 during the holiday season. 500,800 during the holiday season. 500,800 lights on the Christmas tree. 72t tall lights on the Christmas tree. 72t tall lights on the Christmas tree. 72t tall for the tree with an 8ft topper making for the tree with an 8ft topper making for the tree with an 8ft topper making it 80 ft tall. I feel like something's it 80 ft tall. I feel like something's it 80 ft tall. I feel like something's missing from the skyline here. Just missing from the skyline here. Just missing from the skyline here. Just can't quite put my finger on what it is. can't quite put my finger on what it is. can't quite put my finger on what it is. I just feel like there was something in I just feel like there was something in I just feel like there was something in front of sound stage 21 and 22. I just front of sound stage 21 and 22. I just front of sound stage 21 and 22. I just can't There's a big pile of dirt over can't There's a big pile of dirt over can't There's a big pile of dirt over there. there. there. &gt;&gt; That's where I keep my dirt. Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; That's where I keep my dirt. Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; That's where I keep my dirt. Oh yeah, this is where my my dirt. I just want to this is where my my dirt. I just want to this is where my my dirt. I just want to reenact my eggs Tik Tok while we're up reenact my eggs Tik Tok while we're up reenact my eggs Tik Tok while we're up here. This is where we filmed it. Right here. This is where we filmed it. Right here. This is where we filmed it. Right here. Construction update. here. Construction update. here. Construction update. There it is. Pile of dirt. We got some There it is. Pile of dirt. We got some There it is. Pile of dirt. We got some stakes in the ground. stakes in the ground. stakes in the ground. &gt;&gt; This is the special scanner to get to &gt;&gt; This is the special scanner to get to &gt;&gt; This is the special scanner to get to the North Pole. We're going to activate the North Pole. We're going to activate the North Pole. We're going to activate it. Let's see. Did it work? it. Let's see. Did it work? it. Let's see. Did it work? &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Go. Wow. &gt;&gt; Go. Wow. &gt;&gt; Go. Wow. &gt;&gt; You guys can go right on in. Look at &gt;&gt; You guys can go right on in. Look at &gt;&gt; You guys can go right on in. Look at that. that. that. &gt;&gt; Oh, hold on. &gt;&gt; Oh, hold on. &gt;&gt; Oh, hold on. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's already telling you what he &gt;&gt; Oh, he's already telling you what he &gt;&gt; Oh, he's already telling you what he wants for Christmas. Either way, wants for Christmas. Either way, wants for Christmas. Either way, &gt;&gt; that's very nice, Jackson. &gt;&gt; that's very nice, Jackson. &gt;&gt; that's very nice, Jackson. &gt;&gt; Very good. Boy, you're a jumping bean. &gt;&gt; Very good. Boy, you're a jumping bean. &gt;&gt; Very good. Boy, you're a jumping bean. Cheese. Limbburger. Limburger. Cheese. Cheese. Limbburger. Limburger. Cheese. Cheese. Limbburger. Limburger. Cheese. &gt;&gt; Thank you, buddy. That's a great smile. &gt;&gt; Thank you, buddy. That's a great smile. &gt;&gt; Thank you, buddy. That's a great smile. &gt;&gt; Excellent, Jackson. Well done. I like &gt;&gt; Excellent, Jackson. Well done. I like &gt;&gt; Excellent, Jackson. Well done. I like your life preserver. your life preserver. your life preserver. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a big big jacket. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a big big jacket. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a big big jacket. &gt;&gt; It's a little chilly for us today. I &gt;&gt; It's a little chilly for us today. I &gt;&gt; It's a little chilly for us today. I You're probably used to it. We are not. You're probably used to it. We are not. You're probably used to it. We are not. &gt;&gt; We're very used to it. &gt;&gt; We're very used to it. &gt;&gt; We're very used to it. &gt;&gt; Did you ask Santa how many days until &gt;&gt; Did you ask Santa how many days until &gt;&gt; Did you ask Santa how many days until Christmas? Christmas? Christmas? &gt;&gt; You tell me. How many days? &gt;&gt; You tell me. How many days? &gt;&gt; You tell me. How many days? &gt;&gt; Nine for you, but 10 for us. &gt;&gt; Nine for you, but 10 for us. &gt;&gt; Nine for you, but 10 for us. &gt;&gt; Very good. Oo, that was very smart. &gt;&gt; Very good. Oo, that was very smart. &gt;&gt; Very good. Oo, that was very smart. &gt;&gt; That was a tricky one. &gt;&gt; That was a tricky one. &gt;&gt; That was a tricky one. &gt;&gt; Well done, Jackson. Well done. What What &gt;&gt; Well done, Jackson. Well done. What What &gt;&gt; Well done, Jackson. Well done. What What about the reindeer? about the reindeer? about the reindeer? &gt;&gt; How did the reindeer fly? &gt;&gt; How did the reindeer fly? &gt;&gt; How did the reindeer fly? &gt;&gt; How did the reindeer fly? Well, it's &gt;&gt; How did the reindeer fly? Well, it's &gt;&gt; How did the reindeer fly? Well, it's kind of a time continuum thing. kind of a time continuum thing. kind of a time continuum thing. &gt;&gt; So, and it's it's it is something to do &gt;&gt; So, and it's it's it is something to do &gt;&gt; So, and it's it's it is something to do with magic. with magic. with magic. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. I said I think Santa &gt;&gt; That's what I said. I said I think Santa &gt;&gt; That's what I said. I said I think Santa has a better answer, but I would say has a better answer, but I would say has a better answer, but I would say magic. magic. magic. &gt;&gt; All of Santa's reindeers have magic. Not &gt;&gt; All of Santa's reindeers have magic. Not &gt;&gt; All of Santa's reindeers have magic. Not all reindeers fly, but Santa's reindeers all reindeers fly, but Santa's reindeers all reindeers fly, but Santa's reindeers do. do. do. &gt;&gt; Although our spot is kind of back behind &gt;&gt; Although our spot is kind of back behind &gt;&gt; Although our spot is kind of back behind us to watch the parade, I feel like the us to watch the parade, I feel like the us to watch the parade, I feel like the best spot is over here because Santa best spot is over here because Santa best spot is over here because Santa does stop in front of the tree and does stop in front of the tree and does stop in front of the tree and lights the tree at the end of the parade lights the tree at the end of the parade lights the tree at the end of the parade and then snow and all the other stuff. and then snow and all the other stuff. and then snow and all the other stuff. So, if you're coming here not on the So, if you're coming here not on the So, if you're coming here not on the tour, that's where you want to be. tour, that's where you want to be. tour, that's where you want to be. There's hashtag places. Look at him. There's hashtag places. Look at him. There's hashtag places. Look at him. He's doing great. Whoa. This is a He's doing great. Whoa. This is a He's doing great. Whoa. This is a amazing. Holy cow. Look at these poses. amazing. Holy cow. Look at these poses. amazing. Holy cow. Look at these poses. &gt;&gt; Tada. &gt;&gt; Tada. &gt;&gt; Tada. Fantastic. Thank you, hashtag. So, Fantastic. Thank you, hashtag. So, Fantastic. Thank you, hashtag. So, Fallon used to be twister ride it out. Fallon used to be twister ride it out. Fallon used to be twister ride it out. And you can see they've got some cows up And you can see they've got some cows up And you can see they've got some cows up in the garland over here. This garland in the garland over here. This garland in the garland over here. This garland has monkeys in it kind of all over here. has monkeys in it kind of all over here. has monkeys in it kind of all over here. And this is in reference to the Curious And this is in reference to the Curious And this is in reference to the Curious George balloon that used to be part of George balloon that used to be part of George balloon that used to be part of the Macy's Day parade or part of the the Macy's Day parade or part of the the Macy's Day parade or part of the Macy's parade that was here Macy's parade that was here Macy's parade that was here &gt;&gt; on this building. There's Gloria and &gt;&gt; on this building. There's Gloria and &gt;&gt; on this building. There's Gloria and Alex over there. Alex over there. Alex over there. &gt;&gt; Oh, and the penguins of Madagascar back &gt;&gt; Oh, and the penguins of Madagascar back &gt;&gt; Oh, and the penguins of Madagascar back in the back. They will be in the parade in the back. They will be in the parade in the back. They will be in the parade later. later. later. &gt;&gt; And then you got King Julian over here, &gt;&gt; And then you got King Julian over here, &gt;&gt; And then you got King Julian over here, too. King Julian, how's he going? Oh, too. King Julian, how's he going? Oh, too. King Julian, how's he going? Oh, I'm doing a video. I'm doing a video. I'm doing a video. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I know. Sorry. It's confusing &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I know. Sorry. It's confusing &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I know. Sorry. It's confusing like that. You guys all ready for the like that. You guys all ready for the like that. You guys all ready for the parade and everything tonight? parade and everything tonight? parade and everything tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see where Earl might pop &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see where Earl might pop &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see where Earl might pop out. Fun fact, Earl the Squirrel is a out. Fun fact, Earl the Squirrel is a out. Fun fact, Earl the Squirrel is a true story. There was a squirrel that true story. There was a squirrel that true story. There was a squirrel that did live in the tree and would bite did live in the tree and would bite did live in the tree and would bite through the wires, the light wires, very through the wires, the light wires, very through the wires, the light wires, very slowly coming out. The slowest squirrel. slowly coming out. The slowest squirrel. slowly coming out. The slowest squirrel. I think that squirrel may have bit into I think that squirrel may have bit into I think that squirrel may have bit into a live wire and a live wire and a live wire and &gt;&gt; oh no &gt;&gt; oh no &gt;&gt; oh no &gt;&gt; gone to see &gt;&gt; gone to see &gt;&gt; gone to see &gt;&gt; he's one of the ghosts of Christmas &gt;&gt; he's one of the ghosts of Christmas &gt;&gt; he's one of the ghosts of Christmas past. past. past. &gt;&gt; He's he's he saw the great acorn in the &gt;&gt; He's he's he saw the great acorn in the &gt;&gt; He's he's he saw the great acorn in the sky and so now they pay tribute to him sky and so now they pay tribute to him sky and so now they pay tribute to him in the form of this little animatronic in the form of this little animatronic in the form of this little animatronic and of course a meet and greet with and of course a meet and greet with and of course a meet and greet with Early Squirrel and all of the references Early Squirrel and all of the references Early Squirrel and all of the references to Earl Squirrel throughout the tributes to Earl Squirrel throughout the tributes to Earl Squirrel throughout the tributes run throughout the park. Mummy right run throughout the park. Mummy right run throughout the park. Mummy right here which used to be Kongration and we here which used to be Kongration and we here which used to be Kongration and we see King Kong right there. Do like the see King Kong right there. Do like the see King Kong right there. Do like the auntie's pretzel decorations. Of course, auntie's pretzel decorations. Of course, auntie's pretzel decorations. Of course, the Blues Brothers car and a record and the Blues Brothers car and a record and the Blues Brothers car and a record and some saxophones over top of the Blues some saxophones over top of the Blues some saxophones over top of the Blues Brothers stage. I do like this like the Brothers stage. I do like this like the Brothers stage. I do like this like the red solo cup with the lights inside of red solo cup with the lights inside of red solo cup with the lights inside of them. That's fun. We're making our way them. That's fun. We're making our way them. That's fun. We're making our way over to the tribute store now. This is over to the tribute store now. This is over to the tribute store now. This is my first time this season being in the my first time this season being in the my first time this season being in the tribute store. tribute store. tribute store. &gt;&gt; I like didn't even register that there &gt;&gt; I like didn't even register that there &gt;&gt; I like didn't even register that there was a holiday tribute store until we was a holiday tribute store until we was a holiday tribute store until we walked by it and I was like, "Oh, walked by it and I was like, "Oh, walked by it and I was like, "Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; there it is. I want to go see the &gt;&gt; there it is. I want to go see the &gt;&gt; there it is. I want to go see the Nutcrackers." Nutcrackers." Nutcrackers." &gt;&gt; Oh, it says Santa Beetlejuice. &gt;&gt; Oh, it says Santa Beetlejuice. &gt;&gt; Oh, it says Santa Beetlejuice. &gt;&gt; They love their Easter eggs. This one's &gt;&gt; They love their Easter eggs. This one's &gt;&gt; They love their Easter eggs. This one's actually not going to be in the garland, actually not going to be in the garland, actually not going to be in the garland, but if you look on the red lining that but if you look on the red lining that but if you look on the red lining that we have here, you'll have some familiar we have here, you'll have some familiar we have here, you'll have some familiar things like whether it's Bruce from things like whether it's Bruce from things like whether it's Bruce from Jaws, the Hello Kitty bow up there. You Jaws, the Hello Kitty bow up there. You Jaws, the Hello Kitty bow up there. You have G the llama ET spaceship. You have have G the llama ET spaceship. You have have G the llama ET spaceship. You have of course a raptor from Jurassic Park of course a raptor from Jurassic Park of course a raptor from Jurassic Park going 88 mph going to a flux capacitor going 88 mph going to a flux capacitor going 88 mph going to a flux capacitor as well as some scarabs. There's some as well as some scarabs. There's some as well as some scarabs. There's some hidden throughout the entire thing and hidden throughout the entire thing and hidden throughout the entire thing and some fun things that they love to add some fun things that they love to add some fun things that they love to add in. Of course, a banana as well. in. Of course, a banana as well. in. Of course, a banana as well. &gt;&gt; What's the moon for? &gt;&gt; What's the moon for? &gt;&gt; What's the moon for? &gt;&gt; Just the moon. So, we're heading into a &gt;&gt; Just the moon. So, we're heading into a &gt;&gt; Just the moon. So, we're heading into a woodworking shop and you can see some woodworking shop and you can see some woodworking shop and you can see some different wooden sculptures. different wooden sculptures. different wooden sculptures. So, I can't Oh, there's an Earl squirrel So, I can't Oh, there's an Earl squirrel So, I can't Oh, there's an Earl squirrel one. I can't spend a lot of time in here one. I can't spend a lot of time in here one. I can't spend a lot of time in here because we are on a tour, but I can kind because we are on a tour, but I can kind because we are on a tour, but I can kind of show you guys around a little bit. of show you guys around a little bit. of show you guys around a little bit. Oh, and then some nutcrackers. Oh, no. A Oh, and then some nutcrackers. Oh, no. A Oh, and then some nutcrackers. Oh, no. A wealthy a wealthy stranger moved to town wealthy a wealthy stranger moved to town wealthy a wealthy stranger moved to town called Mr. Evergreen. Man, I I could called Mr. Evergreen. Man, I I could called Mr. Evergreen. Man, I I could feel like I could I'd like to have some feel like I could I'd like to have some feel like I could I'd like to have some of these things here. Like a little uh of these things here. Like a little uh of these things here. Like a little uh what do you call this? A radial arm saw. what do you call this? A radial arm saw. what do you call this? A radial arm saw. Curious George up there. Yeah. Shark Curious George up there. Yeah. Shark Curious George up there. Yeah. Shark dinosaur. Yeah. Oh, the dancing plague dinosaur. Yeah. Oh, the dancing plague dinosaur. Yeah. Oh, the dancing plague of 185. I like that one. Oh, there's of 185. I like that one. Oh, there's of 185. I like that one. Oh, there's like a what's his name? Hagrid right like a what's his name? Hagrid right like a what's his name? Hagrid right there. Right. There's a squirrel. Oh, a there. Right. There's a squirrel. Oh, a there. Right. There's a squirrel. Oh, a yeti. The northern lights. Oh, deck the yeti. The northern lights. Oh, deck the yeti. The northern lights. Oh, deck the great hall. Oh, yeah. You know what? I great hall. Oh, yeah. You know what? I great hall. Oh, yeah. You know what? I like the northern lights. This is a like the northern lights. This is a like the northern lights. This is a Harry Potter themed room. We're on top Harry Potter themed room. We're on top Harry Potter themed room. We're on top of the mountain with the snowy owl and of the mountain with the snowy owl and of the mountain with the snowy owl and the rocks and the Grinch. Glistening the rocks and the Grinch. Glistening the rocks and the Grinch. Glistening Falls. Oh, these are them. These are the Falls. Oh, these are them. These are the Falls. Oh, these are them. These are the Glistening Falls cuz they're frozen. I Glistening Falls cuz they're frozen. I Glistening Falls cuz they're frozen. I get it. Okay, there it is. Mistletoe get it. Okay, there it is. Mistletoe get it. Okay, there it is. Mistletoe holiday market. Gerlama meet and greet. holiday market. Gerlama meet and greet. holiday market. Gerlama meet and greet. Cash only. Was that for the laundry mat? Cash only. Was that for the laundry mat? Cash only. Was that for the laundry mat? That's cash only. There's no prizes in That's cash only. There's no prizes in That's cash only. There's no prizes in the ugly sweater competition. the ugly sweater competition. the ugly sweater competition. H the town center is only 2 miles away. H the town center is only 2 miles away. H the town center is only 2 miles away. Look at us. We did it. We made it. Oh, Look at us. We did it. We made it. Oh, Look at us. We did it. We made it. Oh, it is snowing in here. Look at that. Is it is snowing in here. Look at that. Is it is snowing in here. Look at that. Is it minions up there? it minions up there? it minions up there? Look at that. I need a Tim backpack, Look at that. I need a Tim backpack, Look at that. I need a Tim backpack, right? is 30% off. What in the world? right? is 30% off. What in the world? right? is 30% off. What in the world? Why you choose? Everything's Every Tim Why you choose? Everything's Every Tim Why you choose? Everything's Every Tim item is on sale. Jeez Louise. item is on sale. Jeez Louise. item is on sale. Jeez Louise. &gt;&gt; Let me see what can you fit in here. &gt;&gt; Let me see what can you fit in here. &gt;&gt; Let me see what can you fit in here. Probably because nothing really fits in Probably because nothing really fits in Probably because nothing really fits in here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; like a phone. &gt;&gt; like a phone. &gt;&gt; like a phone. &gt;&gt; You know what else? You know what does &gt;&gt; You know what else? You know what does &gt;&gt; You know what else? You know what does fit in there? A whole lot of love. fit in there? A whole lot of love. fit in there? A whole lot of love. &gt;&gt; That's true. I kind of like This is very &gt;&gt; That's true. I kind of like This is very &gt;&gt; That's true. I kind of like This is very cute. cute. cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is cuz it's Tim, right? So, the &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is cuz it's Tim, right? So, the &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is cuz it's Tim, right? So, the Hello Kitty statue that was out in front Hello Kitty statue that was out in front Hello Kitty statue that was out in front of the Hello Kitty store, then is now of the Hello Kitty store, then is now of the Hello Kitty store, then is now the Wicked Experience. They just kind of the Wicked Experience. They just kind of the Wicked Experience. They just kind of like repurposed it and made it into a like repurposed it and made it into a like repurposed it and made it into a snow cat. kind of like made it white, snow cat. kind of like made it white, snow cat. kind of like made it white, you know, put some snow on its hands. Oh you know, put some snow on its hands. Oh you know, put some snow on its hands. Oh no, there's a lost yol. no, there's a lost yol. no, there's a lost yol. &gt;&gt; Last seen wearing khakis in a polo. &gt;&gt; Last seen wearing khakis in a polo. &gt;&gt; Last seen wearing khakis in a polo. Emits gas. Cool. Loves chasing Emits gas. Cool. Loves chasing Emits gas. Cool. Loves chasing squirrels. Friendly, mildly rabid. squirrels. Friendly, mildly rabid. squirrels. Friendly, mildly rabid. Answers to Philillip. Did you know Answers to Philillip. Did you know Answers to Philillip. Did you know that's the lost yolk? Did you know that that's the lost yolk? Did you know that that's the lost yolk? Did you know that this is the Hello Kitty statue from this is the Hello Kitty statue from this is the Hello Kitty statue from outside the store? outside the store? outside the store? &gt;&gt; Bryce just told me a fun fact and he &gt;&gt; Bryce just told me a fun fact and he &gt;&gt; Bryce just told me a fun fact and he said, "Did you know this is the Hello said, "Did you know this is the Hello said, "Did you know this is the Hello Kitty from the outside the Hello Kitty Kitty from the outside the Hello Kitty Kitty from the outside the Hello Kitty store?" store?" store?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, should we get this for Oliver? &gt;&gt; Um, should we get this for Oliver? &gt;&gt; Um, should we get this for Oliver? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He needs use it. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He needs use it. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He needs use it. &gt;&gt; He needs a Tim backpack. &gt;&gt; He needs a Tim backpack. &gt;&gt; He needs a Tim backpack. &gt;&gt; Do you think he would use it? It's I &gt;&gt; Do you think he would use it? It's I &gt;&gt; Do you think he would use it? It's I feel like he could fit a Hot Wheel in feel like he could fit a Hot Wheel in feel like he could fit a Hot Wheel in here. here. here. &gt;&gt; One singular Hot Wheel. Put his phone in &gt;&gt; One singular Hot Wheel. Put his phone in &gt;&gt; One singular Hot Wheel. Put his phone in there cuz there cuz there cuz &gt;&gt; baby, too. He's a baby with a cell &gt;&gt; baby, too. He's a baby with a cell &gt;&gt; baby, too. He's a baby with a cell phone. phone. phone. &gt;&gt; Baby with a cell phone. He's not a baby &gt;&gt; Baby with a cell phone. He's not a baby &gt;&gt; Baby with a cell phone. He's not a baby any longer. You know that, right? any longer. You know that, right? any longer. You know that, right? &gt;&gt; To me, he is. He'll always be my baby. &gt;&gt; To me, he is. He'll always be my baby. &gt;&gt; To me, he is. He'll always be my baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're going to call him baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're going to call him baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're going to call him baby. &gt;&gt; He's never We're never going to ever be &gt;&gt; He's never We're never going to ever be &gt;&gt; He's never We're never going to ever be in the corner. in the corner. in the corner. &gt;&gt; What do you should we get it for him? &gt;&gt; What do you should we get it for him? &gt;&gt; What do you should we get it for him? It's It's It's &gt;&gt; 30% off &gt;&gt; 30% off &gt;&gt; 30% off &gt;&gt; with our And then we get our annual &gt;&gt; with our And then we get our annual &gt;&gt; with our And then we get our annual passport discount. passport discount. passport discount. &gt;&gt; So, it's $30 off and then &gt;&gt; So, it's $30 off and then &gt;&gt; So, it's $30 off and then &gt;&gt; and then another 20% off. &gt;&gt; and then another 20% off. &gt;&gt; and then another 20% off. &gt;&gt; So, it's $26. &gt;&gt; So, it's $26. &gt;&gt; So, it's $26. Wa. Do you think we should? Wa. Do you think we should? Wa. Do you think we should? &gt;&gt; That was fast math. &gt;&gt; That was fast math. &gt;&gt; That was fast math. &gt;&gt; I used to work in retail, baby. &gt;&gt; I used to work in retail, baby. &gt;&gt; I used to work in retail, baby. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's not the holidays without a &gt;&gt; Oh, it's not the holidays without a &gt;&gt; Oh, it's not the holidays without a glass of gurgog. glass of gurgog. glass of gurgog. &gt;&gt; Part of your daily dose of llama milk &gt;&gt; Part of your daily dose of llama milk &gt;&gt; Part of your daily dose of llama milk and car wash. and car wash. and car wash. &gt;&gt; Oh, I can't wait to see the car wash &gt;&gt; Oh, I can't wait to see the car wash &gt;&gt; Oh, I can't wait to see the car wash part. part. part. &gt;&gt; This is really where Easter egg galore &gt;&gt; This is really where Easter egg galore &gt;&gt; This is really where Easter egg galore comes here. All these nutcrackers begin. comes here. All these nutcrackers begin. comes here. All these nutcrackers begin. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Different shapes and sizes. You got &gt;&gt; Different shapes and sizes. You got &gt;&gt; Different shapes and sizes. You got raptors all the way from Jurassic Park. raptors all the way from Jurassic Park. raptors all the way from Jurassic Park. Oh, the AP shirt, too. Oh, the AP shirt, too. Oh, the AP shirt, too. &gt;&gt; Ooh, fire. Nice. Dueling dragons. &gt;&gt; Ooh, fire. Nice. Dueling dragons. &gt;&gt; Ooh, fire. Nice. Dueling dragons. I like these. This is him collecting all I like these. This is him collecting all I like these. This is him collecting all of the different uh nutcrackers. Oh, of the different uh nutcrackers. Oh, of the different uh nutcrackers. Oh, this is the story of Earl the Squirrel. this is the story of Earl the Squirrel. this is the story of Earl the Squirrel. The book or comic the scare zones added The book or comic the scare zones added The book or comic the scare zones added so much later into the so much later into the so much later into the &gt;&gt; Eigor. Even this delightful freak. &gt;&gt; Eigor. Even this delightful freak. &gt;&gt; Eigor. Even this delightful freak. &gt;&gt; They have jobs. &gt;&gt; They have jobs. &gt;&gt; They have jobs. &gt;&gt; I'm proud of them. Oh, Glenda. &gt;&gt; I'm proud of them. Oh, Glenda. &gt;&gt; I'm proud of them. Oh, Glenda. &gt;&gt; There's another one that's like defying &gt;&gt; There's another one that's like defying &gt;&gt; There's another one that's like defying like the look mono gravity sign some. like the look mono gravity sign some. like the look mono gravity sign some. Oh, yeah. Right there. Oh, yeah. Right there. Oh, yeah. Right there. &gt;&gt; Oh, you go here, please. Cool beans. &gt;&gt; Oh, you go here, please. Cool beans. &gt;&gt; Oh, you go here, please. Cool beans. Neat. Yeah, I do. Oh. Oh, it's fire and Neat. Yeah, I do. Oh. Oh, it's fire and Neat. Yeah, I do. Oh. Oh, it's fire and ice. Cuz there's two of them. There's ice. Cuz there's two of them. There's ice. Cuz there's two of them. There's another upside down nutcracker up there. another upside down nutcracker up there. another upside down nutcracker up there. Oh, Gilman. Oh, Gilman. Oh, Gilman. Oh, no. He He rescued that nutcracker Oh, no. He He rescued that nutcracker Oh, no. He He rescued that nutcracker from the jaws. Oh, Chris Moose. I like from the jaws. Oh, Chris Moose. I like from the jaws. Oh, Chris Moose. I like that. That's pretty fun. that. That's pretty fun. that. That's pretty fun. &gt;&gt; Something crazy in here. And this is my &gt;&gt; Something crazy in here. And this is my &gt;&gt; Something crazy in here. And this is my favorite little critter. That's kind of favorite little critter. That's kind of favorite little critter. That's kind of good. good. good. &gt;&gt; He's frightening back there. &gt;&gt; Tooome. &gt;&gt; Tooome. &gt;&gt; Tooome. Oh, look at this guy. He's huge. Another Oh, look at this guy. He's huge. Another Oh, look at this guy. He's huge. Another Jurassic Park one right over there in Jurassic Park one right over there in Jurassic Park one right over there in the back. the back. the back. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody took it. &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody took it. &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody took it. &gt;&gt; Oh no. Silent Fright Spirit jersey. It's &gt;&gt; Oh no. Silent Fright Spirit jersey. It's &gt;&gt; Oh no. Silent Fright Spirit jersey. It's the world's smallest nutcracker. the world's smallest nutcracker. the world's smallest nutcracker. Can you see it? Can you guys see it? I Can you see it? Can you guys see it? I Can you see it? Can you guys see it? I know it's not very like clear in there, know it's not very like clear in there, know it's not very like clear in there, but it's there. If I kind of show it but it's there. If I kind of show it but it's there. If I kind of show it over here. Oh, yeah. Look. Annabelle. Or over here. Oh, yeah. Look. Annabelle. Or over here. Oh, yeah. Look. Annabelle. Or this one's called Jingle Bell. Do not this one's called Jingle Bell. Do not this one's called Jingle Bell. Do not speak their name. It's Jingle Bell. Oh, speak their name. It's Jingle Bell. Oh, speak their name. It's Jingle Bell. Oh, we're not supposed to say it. Oh, jeez. we're not supposed to say it. Oh, jeez. we're not supposed to say it. Oh, jeez. I keep saying it. Oh, brother. Says I keep saying it. Oh, brother. Says I keep saying it. Oh, brother. Says ignore the noise. Lots of like little ignore the noise. Lots of like little ignore the noise. Lots of like little nutcrackers everywhere. There's the uh the onion treat. Feel There's the uh the onion treat. Feel There's the uh the onion treat. Feel like we tried that and it wasn't very like we tried that and it wasn't very like we tried that and it wasn't very good. good. good. &gt;&gt; Although this chocolate No, this &gt;&gt; Although this chocolate No, this &gt;&gt; Although this chocolate No, this chocolate sandwich looks good. chocolate sandwich looks good. chocolate sandwich looks good. &gt;&gt; Iconic visit to &gt;&gt; Iconic visit to &gt;&gt; Iconic visit to Shane over in Epic Universe. Shane over in Epic Universe. Shane over in Epic Universe. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. There he is. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. There he is. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. There he is. &gt;&gt; Got a couple of new characters that &gt;&gt; Got a couple of new characters that &gt;&gt; Got a couple of new characters that they've added. A snowflake and an acorn they've added. A snowflake and an acorn they've added. A snowflake and an acorn as well as a Christmas tree. as well as a Christmas tree. as well as a Christmas tree. Santa wanted must have own fireproof Santa wanted must have own fireproof Santa wanted must have own fireproof suit. Holiday cheer. Good with children suit. Holiday cheer. Good with children suit. Holiday cheer. Good with children and adult children. Can work holidays. and adult children. Can work holidays. and adult children. Can work holidays. Not allergic to pine or chainsaws. What Not allergic to pine or chainsaws. What Not allergic to pine or chainsaws. What uh what is this scene from? uh what is this scene from? uh what is this scene from? &gt;&gt; Oh, this is the world's smallest one. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is the world's smallest one. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is the world's smallest one. Oh, there's the burning blade. So, now Oh, there's the burning blade. So, now Oh, there's the burning blade. So, now we are going to do a cookie decorating we are going to do a cookie decorating we are going to do a cookie decorating competition. competition. competition. &gt;&gt; Bryce said it's a competition. Adults &gt;&gt; Bryce said it's a competition. Adults &gt;&gt; Bryce said it's a competition. Adults versus kids. versus kids. versus kids. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, good news is &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, good news is &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, good news is &gt;&gt; I'm a kid at heart. &gt;&gt; I'm a kid at heart. &gt;&gt; I'm a kid at heart. &gt;&gt; So, we'll decorate for the kids. &gt;&gt; So, we'll decorate for the kids. &gt;&gt; So, we'll decorate for the kids. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. This will be fun. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. This will be fun. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. This will be fun. &gt;&gt; There is a specific area for the parade &gt;&gt; There is a specific area for the parade &gt;&gt; There is a specific area for the parade that is dedicated just for children. So, that is dedicated just for children. So, that is dedicated just for children. So, I believe we're going up to the area I believe we're going up to the area I believe we're going up to the area that we used that we would normally meet that we used that we would normally meet that we used that we would normally meet for our RIP tours up there in the VIP for our RIP tours up there in the VIP for our RIP tours up there in the VIP section. Up here, we have a whole section. Up here, we have a whole section. Up here, we have a whole gingerbread village. Really? So, we can gingerbread village. Really? So, we can gingerbread village. Really? So, we can pick either a Christmas tree, a Santa pick either a Christmas tree, a Santa pick either a Christmas tree, a Santa hat, or a gingerbread man guy. hat, or a gingerbread man guy. hat, or a gingerbread man guy. &gt;&gt; Pick the Christmas tree. And then we got &gt;&gt; Pick the Christmas tree. And then we got &gt;&gt; Pick the Christmas tree. And then we got white icing white icing white icing &gt;&gt; on it. &gt;&gt; on it. &gt;&gt; on it. &gt;&gt; We got pretzels. &gt;&gt; We got pretzels. &gt;&gt; We got pretzels. &gt;&gt; Oo, I'm going to put &gt;&gt; Oo, I'm going to put &gt;&gt; Oo, I'm going to put &gt;&gt; and snowflakes &gt;&gt; and snowflakes &gt;&gt; and snowflakes &gt;&gt; stars &gt;&gt; stars &gt;&gt; stars &gt;&gt; and little gingerbread people. &gt;&gt; and little gingerbread people. &gt;&gt; and little gingerbread people. &gt;&gt; You can put little little Christmas &gt;&gt; You can put little little Christmas &gt;&gt; You can put little little Christmas trees on your Christmas tree. trees on your Christmas tree. trees on your Christmas tree. &gt;&gt; You can put a little gingerbread on your &gt;&gt; You can put a little gingerbread on your &gt;&gt; You can put a little gingerbread on your gingerbread man. gingerbread man. gingerbread man. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; And there's pop rocks. &gt;&gt; And there's pop rocks. &gt;&gt; And there's pop rocks. &gt;&gt; These are pop rocks. &gt;&gt; These are pop rocks. &gt;&gt; These are pop rocks. &gt;&gt; That's what it says. A little tip for &gt;&gt; That's what it says. A little tip for &gt;&gt; That's what it says. A little tip for decorating. I got everything, by the decorating. I got everything, by the decorating. I got everything, by the way. way. way. &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't get everything. &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't get everything. &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't get everything. &gt;&gt; A little tip for decorating is you need &gt;&gt; A little tip for decorating is you need &gt;&gt; A little tip for decorating is you need to whip up your frosting to make sure to whip up your frosting to make sure to whip up your frosting to make sure that it loosens up a little bit. Then that it loosens up a little bit. Then that it loosens up a little bit. Then you can start to add stuff on. So, you can start to add stuff on. So, you can start to add stuff on. So, here's my plan. Cover the whole thing here's my plan. Cover the whole thing here's my plan. Cover the whole thing with icing, right? Then I'm going to use with icing, right? Then I'm going to use with icing, right? Then I'm going to use the pretzels to create like spaces here. the pretzels to create like spaces here. the pretzels to create like spaces here. And then I'll put this up will be pop And then I'll put this up will be pop And then I'll put this up will be pop rocks up here. And then I'll do some rocks up here. And then I'll do some rocks up here. And then I'll do some like stars or trees around here. And like stars or trees around here. And like stars or trees around here. And then just snowflakes along the bottom then just snowflakes along the bottom then just snowflakes along the bottom maybe or like a like a gingerbread guys maybe or like a like a gingerbread guys maybe or like a like a gingerbread guys along the bottom. I don't know. We'll along the bottom. I don't know. We'll along the bottom. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see where my where I feeling see. We'll see where my where I feeling see. We'll see where my where I feeling it, you know. All right. My snowflakes are white. They All right. My snowflakes are white. They All right. My snowflakes are white. They kind of fit in. Oh, look at that. kind of fit in. Oh, look at that. kind of fit in. Oh, look at that. &gt;&gt; These are like our personalities. &gt;&gt; These are like our personalities. &gt;&gt; These are like our personalities. &gt;&gt; How was that? &gt;&gt; How was that? &gt;&gt; How was that? &gt;&gt; Mine's like um mine mine would be like &gt;&gt; Mine's like um mine mine would be like &gt;&gt; Mine's like um mine mine would be like that girl from SNL with like the little that girl from SNL with like the little that girl from SNL with like the little hands where she's like hands where she's like hands where she's like &gt;&gt; I'm only Dorine. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now that we have decorated, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now that we have decorated, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now that we have decorated, &gt;&gt; can you eat it? I feel kind of bad that &gt;&gt; can you eat it? I feel kind of bad that &gt;&gt; can you eat it? I feel kind of bad that I'm eating it though, right? Like I feel I'm eating it though, right? Like I feel I'm eating it though, right? Like I feel like turned out pretty good. like turned out pretty good. like turned out pretty good. &gt;&gt; I don't feel bad. &gt;&gt; I don't feel bad. &gt;&gt; I don't feel bad. &gt;&gt; Let me eat Pop Rocks first. &gt;&gt; Let me eat Pop Rocks first. &gt;&gt; Let me eat Pop Rocks first. &gt;&gt; Not yet. &gt;&gt; Not yet. &gt;&gt; Not yet. &gt;&gt; Wait. How is it? We just pondering life. &gt;&gt; Wait. How is it? We just pondering life. &gt;&gt; Wait. How is it? We just pondering life. He said life's pretty good with a kid He said life's pretty good with a kid He said life's pretty good with a kid with a million sprinkles. with a million sprinkles. with a million sprinkles. &gt;&gt; We came outside to get a view. I feel &gt;&gt; We came outside to get a view. I feel &gt;&gt; We came outside to get a view. I feel like we're here for Horror Nights. like we're here for Horror Nights. like we're here for Horror Nights. getting ready to watch the opening getting ready to watch the opening getting ready to watch the opening ceremonies. ceremonies. ceremonies. But no, I'd say it's more jolly than But no, I'd say it's more jolly than But no, I'd say it's more jolly than that. Jackson won the cookie that. Jackson won the cookie that. Jackson won the cookie competition. competition. competition. &gt;&gt; You got a little bead dog. And what does &gt;&gt; You got a little bead dog. And what does &gt;&gt; You got a little bead dog. And what does your button say? your button say? your button say? &gt;&gt; The cookie king. I thought that was me. &gt;&gt; The cookie king. I thought that was me. &gt;&gt; The cookie king. I thought that was me. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; You guys get to go on a ride now. Okay. &gt;&gt; You guys get to go on a ride now. Okay. &gt;&gt; You guys get to go on a ride now. Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; You guys ready to go ride a ride? &gt;&gt; You guys ready to go ride a ride? &gt;&gt; You guys ready to go ride a ride? &gt;&gt; So, as part of the holiday tour, you get &gt;&gt; So, as part of the holiday tour, you get &gt;&gt; So, as part of the holiday tour, you get to ride a predetermined ride for us to ride a predetermined ride for us to ride a predetermined ride for us because we got kids on the tour. because we got kids on the tour. because we got kids on the tour. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; We're going to do Villain Con. &gt;&gt; We're going to do Villain Con. &gt;&gt; We're going to do Villain Con. &gt;&gt; He did. Bryce did kind of ask like what &gt;&gt; He did. Bryce did kind of ask like what &gt;&gt; He did. Bryce did kind of ask like what do you think the kids want to ride? So, do you think the kids want to ride? So, do you think the kids want to ride? So, we sort of chose the the Minion Blast we sort of chose the the Minion Blast we sort of chose the the Minion Blast ride. ride. ride. &gt;&gt; Well, he gave us the option of ET versus &gt;&gt; Well, he gave us the option of ET versus &gt;&gt; Well, he gave us the option of ET versus Minion Blast. And I asked Jackson, I Minion Blast. And I asked Jackson, I Minion Blast. And I asked Jackson, I said, "Do you want to ride ET?" He said, said, "Do you want to ride ET?" He said, said, "Do you want to ride ET?" He said, "No." Said, "You want to ride Minion "No." Said, "You want to ride Minion "No." Said, "You want to ride Minion Blast?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Oh, Blast?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Oh, Blast?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Oh, man." man." man." &gt;&gt; I wish he had picked ET. &gt;&gt; I wish he had picked ET. &gt;&gt; I wish he had picked ET. &gt;&gt; They're both good rides, but &gt;&gt; They're both good rides, but &gt;&gt; They're both good rides, but &gt;&gt; they're both good rides. Bart, we're &gt;&gt; they're both good rides. Bart, we're &gt;&gt; they're both good rides. Bart, we're going to Illuminations Villain Con going to Illuminations Villain Con going to Illuminations Villain Con Minion Blast. We are walking straight on Minion Blast. We are walking straight on Minion Blast. We are walking straight on the ride, so we're going in the back the ride, so we're going in the back the ride, so we're going in the back door. 533,000. door. 533,000. door. 533,000. You got 520,000. You got 520,000. You got 520,000. How'd we do? How'd we do? How'd we do? &gt;&gt; Well, most of you. &gt;&gt; Well, most of you. &gt;&gt; Well, most of you. &gt;&gt; Where's Where's Tim? Tracky. &gt;&gt; Where's Where's Tim? Tracky. &gt;&gt; Where's Where's Tim? Tracky. &gt;&gt; It's not showing up. &gt;&gt; It's not showing up. &gt;&gt; It's not showing up. &gt;&gt; This is where we're going to be watching &gt;&gt; This is where we're going to be watching &gt;&gt; This is where we're going to be watching the parade from. the parade from. the parade from. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; My friends, do you want to hear a joke? &gt;&gt; My friends, do you want to hear a joke? &gt;&gt; My friends, do you want to hear a joke? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. What's a dinosaur's least favorite &gt;&gt; Okay. What's a dinosaur's least favorite &gt;&gt; Okay. What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? reindeer? reindeer? &gt;&gt; Comment. &gt;&gt; Comment. &gt;&gt; Comment. &gt;&gt; Oh, jeez. This is my favorite one. You guys know This is my favorite one. You guys know This is my favorite one. You guys know why? Cuz that's Tim. why? Cuz that's Tim. why? Cuz that's Tim. Oh, it's getting windy. Oh, buddy. This Oh, it's getting windy. Oh, buddy. This Oh, it's getting windy. Oh, buddy. This is the exciting part of the parade. is the exciting part of the parade. is the exciting part of the parade. Merry Christmas. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Where's mom? &gt;&gt; Oh, if you look, his penguin legs are &gt;&gt; Oh, if you look, his penguin legs are &gt;&gt; Oh, if you look, his penguin legs are coming out of the side of the box. snowmobile. snowmobile. snowmobile. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; IT'S THE HOLIDAY. JUST KEEP OUR HANDS UP &gt;&gt; IT'S THE HOLIDAY. JUST KEEP OUR HANDS UP &gt;&gt; IT'S THE HOLIDAY. JUST KEEP OUR HANDS UP IN HERE. &gt;&gt; PLEASE, don't take any photos. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's the rest of the Madagascar &gt;&gt; Oh, there's the rest of the Madagascar &gt;&gt; Oh, there's the rest of the Madagascar folks. folks. folks. &gt;&gt; We are going to have the best Christmas &gt;&gt; We are going to have the best Christmas &gt;&gt; We are going to have the best Christmas ever. ever. ever. &gt;&gt; Hi there. We are Santa's hairy helpers. Uhoh. Uhoh. Uhoh. It's my most favorite time of the year. It's my most favorite time of the year. It's my most favorite time of the year. &gt;&gt; Sell the Shrek wrapping paper. &gt;&gt; Sell the Shrek wrapping paper. &gt;&gt; Sell the Shrek wrapping paper. &gt;&gt; He's my favoriteest time. This problem was Oh no, they died. Oh no, they died. Oh no, they died. &gt;&gt; Oh, they started back up. Okay, we're &gt;&gt; Oh, they started back up. Okay, we're &gt;&gt; Oh, they started back up. Okay, we're good. It's like quite the task. pilot is like It's like quite the task. pilot is like It's like quite the task. pilot is like telling each individual string where telling each individual string where telling each individual string where they need to be to make sure that they they need to be to make sure that they they need to be to make sure that they keep this nice and nice and Oh no, she's keep this nice and nice and Oh no, she's keep this nice and nice and Oh no, she's holding the whole thing up. Oh my holding the whole thing up. Oh my holding the whole thing up. Oh my goodness. That was a beautiful float, isn't it? That was a beautiful float, isn't it? That was a beautiful float, isn't it? Oh, you can see the workshop in there. There he is. Santa. Hi, Santa. I missed it. I thought there would be I missed it. I thought there would be I missed it. I thought there would be more pop and circumstance, but the tree more pop and circumstance, but the tree more pop and circumstance, but the tree lights turned on. Santa lit the tree and lights turned on. Santa lit the tree and lights turned on. Santa lit the tree and now he's making his way past. You can now he's making his way past. You can now he's making his way past. You can see the snow fall in the lights there. see the snow fall in the lights there. see the snow fall in the lights there. Yeah, it was I really like the holiday Yeah, it was I really like the holiday Yeah, it was I really like the holiday tour. It was really good. tour. It was really good. tour. It was really good. &gt;&gt; Well, so we were talking about it. It's &gt;&gt; Well, so we were talking about it. It's &gt;&gt; Well, so we were talking about it. It's $90 for $89.99 a person. I don't know if $90 for $89.99 a person. I don't know if $90 for $89.99 a person. I don't know if you can get any discounts on that, but you can get any discounts on that, but you can get any discounts on that, but for $90 to be able to meet Santa, which for $90 to be able to meet Santa, which for $90 to be able to meet Santa, which you can't do any other time, to be able you can't do any other time, to be able you can't do any other time, to be able to meet the Grinch with no weight, ride to meet the Grinch with no weight, ride to meet the Grinch with no weight, ride a ride with no weight, the cookie a ride with no weight, the cookie a ride with no weight, the cookie decorating, that was a lot of fun. decorating, that was a lot of fun. decorating, that was a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; Got to meet Max, too. &gt;&gt; Got to meet Max, too. &gt;&gt; Got to meet Max, too. &gt;&gt; The uh Oh, yeah. That was actually that &gt;&gt; The uh Oh, yeah. That was actually that &gt;&gt; The uh Oh, yeah. That was actually that was really cool. was really cool. was really cool. &gt;&gt; The food is included. &gt;&gt; The food is included. &gt;&gt; The food is included. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the uh the little light bites. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the uh the little light bites. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the uh the little light bites. &gt;&gt; The light bites were bigger than light &gt;&gt; The light bites were bigger than light &gt;&gt; The light bites were bigger than light bites. bites. bites. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I it was pretty filling. I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I it was pretty filling. I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I it was pretty filling. I honestly I do think that it was a value. honestly I do think that it was a value. honestly I do think that it was a value. &gt;&gt; I think so, too. Yeah, especially if you &gt;&gt; I think so, too. Yeah, especially if you &gt;&gt; I think so, too. Yeah, especially if you are a fan of Grinchmiss and the Grinch. are a fan of Grinchmiss and the Grinch. are a fan of Grinchmiss and the Grinch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Fantastic. &gt;&gt; Fantastic. &gt;&gt; Fantastic. &gt;&gt; I also want to say shout out to Bryce, &gt;&gt; I also want to say shout out to Bryce, &gt;&gt; I also want to say shout out to Bryce, our tour guide. He was amazing. our tour guide. He was amazing. our tour guide. He was amazing. Fantastic. A lot of really cool Fantastic. A lot of really cool Fantastic. A lot of really cool information. A lot of things that I information. A lot of things that I information. A lot of things that I wouldn't have known if we didn't do the wouldn't have known if we didn't do the wouldn't have known if we didn't do the tour with him. So, tour with him. So, tour with him. So, &gt;&gt; fun little Easter eggs that they pointed &gt;&gt; fun little Easter eggs that they pointed &gt;&gt; fun little Easter eggs that they pointed out and everything. out and everything. out and everything. &gt;&gt; That was my favorite part. &gt;&gt; That was my favorite part. &gt;&gt; That was my favorite part. &gt;&gt; So, that was a fantastic time. Really &gt;&gt; So, that was a fantastic time. Really &gt;&gt; So, that was a fantastic time. Really enjoyed the holiday tour and I really enjoyed the holiday tour and I really enjoyed the holiday tour and I really think that it was a good value for the think that it was a good value for the think that it was a good value for the price. Like, you get a lot for $90. We price. Like, you get a lot for $90. We price. Like, you get a lot for $90. We were there from 12 until 5:30 on the were there from 12 until 5:30 on the were there from 12 until 5:30 on the tour. tour. tour. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I think that was like the perfect &gt;&gt; And I think that was like the perfect &gt;&gt; And I think that was like the perfect amount of time and the perfect span of amount of time and the perfect span of amount of time and the perfect span of time. time. time. &gt;&gt; It was great. It was great. &gt;&gt; It was great. It was great. &gt;&gt; It was great. It was great. &gt;&gt; So, want to say thank you to Universal &gt;&gt; So, want to say thank you to Universal &gt;&gt; So, want to say thank you to Universal for having us out. And all in all, it for having us out. And all in all, it for having us out. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being was a fantastic day. With that being was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all said, we are off. We'll see you all said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price.
