---
video_id: 6JPO3EEBcb0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Destiny Embarkation Day! Exploring Disney's NEWEST Cruise Ship! Food, Shows & Merch!"
published: 2025-11-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JPO3EEBcb0
---
Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. More on that in just a little bit, but first, let's get this cruise series started. Good morning. Today is the start of our Disney Destiny cruise. We are on our way to the cruise terminal right now. So, this is our imbarcation day. It is a 3-day cruise. And today, I'm going to show you around the ship a little bit, the Sailaway show, some of the food, and some of the shows. And I'm super excited to show you guys around the ship. And right now, here it is. We're getting our first look at the Disney Destiny. So, let's get on board. All right, we've made it to the cruise terminal and now we are headed into check-in. Welcome back to Port Everglades in the Steamboat Willie. I like the hidden Mickey up in the cloud in the steam. Well, they got Christmas tree out and now we are going to go have our photo taken and then head on to the ship and then we head through the Disney portal. Bon voyage. Typically after you go through that, like we just had our passports checked, we got our Disney bands set up and ready to go and then we had our photos taken. Then we would head to another waiting area typically. But I think we're just going to head straight onto the ship for this particular sailing. There it is. The Disney Destiny, Disney Cruise Line's newest cruise ship. We did it. Thank you. Hello, everybody. Look, there's Mickey up there. Just a real quick look around the atrium. See, we are themed to Wakanda and to the Black Panther as the atrium sculpture here is Tchala from Black Panther. Disney. Oh, there's Spider-Man. There he is. Oh my goodness. I know that guy. Here's a fun fact for you. This is the first time ever that silver has been used to accent the atrium statue or sculpture. So, you can see Black Panther here or Tchala has some silver accents on him. Something else that's unique is this chandelier here in the atrium is way different than any other chandelier in the whole Disney. There's so many little details here to look at throughout the atrium. And originally, I was kind of saying that I didn't like that the the railings were not clear, and I think I like them. They look good. They're not as opaque as I thought they were going to be. Same thing on the stairs. I also, after reading about the Disney Destiny, I feel like I'm FOMO. I don't want to leave the atrium cuz I know that so much stuff happens in the atrium, but I don't think anything would happen right now as they're just welcoming guests on board. So, I'm going to run up to my room real quick. Do a tour. And then we have a thing at 2:00 and the Haunted Mansion parlor. It should show some of the stuff that's here in the atrium. Got some I wouldn't call them artifacts, but some pieces of memorabilia from the ship. So, like a replica of the ship's bell. This bell was cast in bronze at a special ceremony in the shipyard. And the real ship's bell is made of brass and mounted at the bow on deck six. And they have a cutaway. Oh, this is an interesting idea. They took the blueprints and put them into a cutaway of the ship made of wood. And then we can see this is the first time that a Marvel character has been featured on the stern of a ship. So you've got Spider-Man and his spiderbots. Oh, and this is the the ship's horn. Wow. Oh, and then these are the stern characters like some mats of the stern characters scale mock-ups. And the keel coin. And like I said, this is the hole number 706. On the other side, we've got some examples of the room numbers and what would be the fish extenders. Of course, Cafe Magara. We're going to have to go up and check those out. Oh, this is neat. Some like handdrawn sketches for the sanctum sign and stuff like that. This is awesome. Some carpet examples, some of the materials and some of the examples of the different textures that they used on the atrium statue. And you can see, this is what I was talking about earlier with how I was concerned about how you wouldn't be able to see through the glass because it was opaque in the concept part. It's not. This is a hatbox from the hatbox ghost. Kind of interested in this. What? Why is there a hatbox here from Hatbox Ghost? And this is an example of one of the rooms. 3D printed model of one of the rooms. The elevator lobbies. You can see one is Heroes, one's villains. Cafe Merida. So, uh, Cafe Magara and Cafe Merida are the two coffee shops on the ship. Headed towards the forward elevator. Something that I like about these Triton class or wish class ships is that the layout's the same. So, like the lobby bar, in this case, Deville's is right here, and then back here is where the Bayou would be on the Wish, but this is the Sanctum here. But, we're already doing trivia. Oh, man. I could have been doing trivia already directly getting on the ship and doing trivia. And Haunted Mansion Parlor is here. Treasures Untold. These are the same on the three Triton class wish class ships. Oh, but we got some paintings of some heroes on this side. And then we move into villains. Also wanted to point out that the entrance to the Oceanir Club as on the wish and on the treasure is a slide. And in this case, it is candy cane striped because Oceaner Club is themed to Wreck-It Ralph. It's a rare occasion where you are allowed to go down the slide because it does exit into the kids club. But right now, we're going down. Hello. Hi, Wreckit Ralph and Vanilla Pivon over here. I like all the little candies everywhere and the bears and everything and the popcorn. This is fun. So, now we're headed to I'm like ran out of breath cuz I went down that slide twice. Headed back to the room. Passing by Devilles. We will be back to check out Devilles and with all the Triton class/wish class ships they are the same layout sort of here. So Deville's here would be Scat Catat Lounge would be Night and Gales a little bit different between Night and Gales doesn't have the bar that leads into the atrium whereas Scatcat and Devils do. And now we're passing by the sanctum which would be like the bayou on the wish. Like I said we're going to be back for a lot of stuff. We have an event in Haunted Mansion parlor just right now but we're going to go drop oursel off in the room. At least my backpack. We're in a villains themed elevator. Let's hear what it says. Deck seven doors open. I know that there are two different like there's a heroes elevator or villains elevator. I just currently don't know if it's like port side starboard side heroes or villains heroes or if it's apt and forward. We are 11516. This is a magnet for us. Disney Destiny. But before we head into the room, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. Aura Frames are a digital picture frame that allows you to share photos to the frame from anywhere in the world as long as you have an internet connection. You know, the holidays are right around the corner, and I've given some bad gifts in my lifetime, but thanks to Aura Frames, I know the perfect gift to give for any occasion. All you have to do is after you purchase the frame, you can load it with a gift message and as many photos as you want. Then all that they have to do is open it up, plug it in, connect it to their Wi-Fi, and then boom, they're surprised with a fully loaded digital picture frame. Oh, another thing you can do is you can use the app to set up a gift code and have the frame shipped directly to them. Then when they get it, all they have to do is open it up, plug it in, and connect to Wi-Fi and enter in the gift code. And then all the photos you picked will show up directly out of the box. And you never have to worry about how many photos that you use, thanks to Aura's unlimited storage and no subscription fees. This holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday exclusive, the stone collection. The stone collection is made to stand out with premium materials and organic textures that are designed to naturally complement your home. We decided to put this frame in our kitchen as the textures naturally complement our countertops and our natural stone backsplash. So, if you're interested in upping your gift giving this season, be sure to check out Aura Frames. The stone collection is only back for this holiday season, and the Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is the best you'll see this holiday season. So, be sure to use the code tracker at checkout and order now before the deal ends. Terms and conditions do apply. So, we wanted to say thank you to Aura Frames for sponsoring today's video. And now, back to the video. Here we go. Let's have a look around. Ooh. Okay. So, this is a deluxe family stateateroom. So, when we first walked in, of course, we have storage and we've have our two bathrooms. We're going to show you guys that in just a second. But, we go a little bit deeper in. We've got the Destiny on the on the bed there. Oh, we got Incredibles. That's fun. And then, of course, we have some scenes from the movie here in the artwork. And then this room in particular, can sleep five. So, it is just me, but two here, one there. Bunk comes out of the ceiling. And then this is a Murphy bed. Or is it? Is this just storage? This is just storage. I thought there was another bed over here. There's not. That's interesting. And of course, we have a view of the port right now cuz we haven't left. And we have Jack Jackack here on the wall. There's a lot of storage in this room. We got a little beverage cooler down here. And then just more storage. Storage here. We've got USBC's there. A nice mirror with a with like a lighted bezel on it. Got USBC's next to the bed. Of course, a curtain that separates the two sections of the room. This is one of my favorite parts about this room is this set of storage right here. I don't know why, but on every cruise that I've ever been on where they have this little angly storage, that is the storage that I use most often. There is a European plug on this side of the bed that has USBs and a USBC on the on the top of it. So, that's nice. If you don't have the adapter, you can use the USBs there. This is the shower, tub, shower combination. Another lighted mirror. And like I said, this is all storage here too in here. Hanging storage. That's the ladder for the bunk that's over top of the couch. And then this is the toilet room right there. So yeah, this is our deluxe family stateateroom with a veranda. So, I'm going to drop my bag off and head down. So, Disney was nice enough to give us this little blank card right here, like blank key to the world card. But if you're coming in and you can't figure out how to turn on the lights right here, put a key card in there. Also, if you don't like how bright the lights are here in the entryway, there it goes. Getting dimmer in here. A nice dim light right there. All you got to do is hold this little button. Then you can make it brighter. I like the lights here. I've got like Big Hero 6. We've got Oh, this is all San Francisco Big Hero 6 stuff. Oh, because Baymax is on our fish extender. Might grab a quick bite to eat while I'm up here, too, because we're having a little thing at Haunted Mansion Parlor, but it's that's just drinks, not food. So, all of the Disney ships have a little cooler that you can get that you can fill with drinks. This one's for the Destiny in the inaugural sailings. How much is just the cooler without any drinks in it? So, without waters, $20, with waters, six waters, 33. I like how we stepped onto the cruise ship and they're playing the sad part of Inside Out. I'm heading down to Haunted Mansion Parlor. I did want to mention I came on the starboard side. Still villains on these forward elevators. I am excited to see the sanctum a little bit more in depth and we will later. Right now we're headed into the Haunted Mansion parlor. Haunted Mansion parlor on the Disney Destiny is identical to the one on the treasure, but we did get an announcement that Disney fairy tale weddings could happen in the Haunted Mansion parlor. So starting on May 14th, 2026, you will be able to book this space for your Disney wedding. So, the space only holds about 25 people, but there may be some uninvited guests that show up, too. Maybe some ghosts might might arrive at your wedding. So, something unique about the Haunted Mansion parlor here on the Disney Destiny is that we have two unique tiki mugs. Here's a closer view of the tiki mugs. We got the hero table here with the drinks, the various drinks. So, these drinks are the same names as the one on the treasure, but they have changed some of the ingredients of the drinks. Send us a message from somewhere. There's a snake. I missed it. It said something there. And you got to be careful where you're looking cuz every little spot has an activation. like this will open up with a glowing light inside of it. This candle up here, a reference to Rolycrumps Candleman. I know there's been like three. He moved a little. I saw it. So, you do have to wait in here about an hour to get every activation inside the Haunted Mansion parlor. So, here's a look at the menu. And like I said, all of the names of the drinks are the same, but they've been reimagined. So, they have new ingredients on them. And if you get close to each painting, they all sound different. So, I got the ghost ship, which is a zero proof cocktail or a mocktail with liars, rum, and coconut shavings. Oh, there was a coconut piece in there. Oh, it's fun. Very cold. And I like that. It just kind of tastes like coconut coconut water. Normally when the liars is in there, I don't like it because it tastes like feel like I'm tasting alcohol. I'm not. In this case, I can't even really taste the liars or anything. here for the let's set sail party. Excited to see how this one goes. Each one is a bit unique. Just talking to Peter Parker all the way from Queens, New York. Give it away, Peter. Wait, where'd he go? Well, I guess everyone's excited to get their vacation started here today. What's happening? Hey electro the whole stealing power vacation cruiser going to electro Spider-Man. They're fighting. Wait, Spider-Man pushed him into the water. Is everyone okay? What happened? I sent Electro for a swim. Now that that's settled, time to party. Go. Thanks, Spider-Man. Friends and destiny seekers. My name is Z and I'm Gable. Here to share the stories of destiny. Tales to enlighten and amuse. The ocean is a place that exists in between. The perfect place to reflect on who you are and who you are meant to be. A place to see your story and define your destiny. Stories are all around us. Fairy tales myth legend. Opposing forces rising to find their purpose. Wicked villains facing the face. As courageous heroes forging their path. The question is, what is your story? Allow us to guide you on destiny's journey. Together we will set sail. And your story begins. Oh, this is going to be a good one. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. I'm Harley, your cruise writer. I have a question for you. Are you ready to discover your destiny? That's what I'm talking about. It's time to say goodbye to Florida and hello to your Disney cruise vacation. Hey, let's discover your destiny. So, that was awesome. I like that Spider-Man came down. Just one question. What happened? Like I understand he like threw Electro in the ocean, but then we're just like, "Okay, back to having a party, right?" So, now we are headed down to uh I got to look on the app which floor is on, but we're going to try to find Dr. Facilia doing his parlor thing, but it's only 15 minutes long and it's only eight people can go into the room at one time for his little magic show. But, and also there's no filming, so people are already waiting in line for it. Let's see. Let's see what happens when we go down there. The photos are the paintings on here. Real good on the cruise ship. So, I'm headed down to deck five right now. I mean, I thought the same way Star Wars. Yes. So, I plan on spending all day tomorrow exploring the ship. We're passing by Cafe Merida. So, there is a magic or a Disney band plus game on the ship that will be coming soon called the Haunted Mansion Happy Hunt. Check back later when our experience has materialized. But I just want to see what happens when I tap. Oh, it kind of gave me a little laugh. That was fun. So, this is Disney Studio right here. This is Dr. Facilia's parlor right there. You can see they've set up a little like makeshift covering on the door. But the only problem is people started lining up for this pretty early. So, you can see the line back here. I'm going to see how far back the line goes. It's going going way back. This one. So, it's like groups of 8 to 12 will be brought in one at a time or like a group of 8 to 12 will be brought in. And so, here's the end of the line. So, that's got to be a little bit of a wait. So, because of that, there is some shows happening in the lobby. So, we have to go down and catch those shows. We can't wait in that line. Don't worry. But also, I can't show you guys that Dr. Vilia experience there. Explain though. No photos, no filming in there. Uh, but people do tell me that it's like a really cool thing to see. So, I would like to see it at some point. Probably not today. Maybe. We'll see. Here's another spot for the happy hunt. I'm excited for when this comes online cuz I want to play it. It looks like fun. Like I like I like the idea of a Haunted Mansion themed scavenger hunt type through the ship. Tonight for dinner, we are at Pride Lands Feast of the Lion King. Oh, I like this. That has all seven ships on it. I should get this cuz we're going to do all seven ships this year. Ooh, I like this giant painting of Hercules, too. We came to the Grand Hall for the legend of Loki. Loki, the god of mischief, is often misunderstood and overshadowed by his family. Join Destiny's Seekers, Za, and Gamble as they uncover the throneless king's true story. I like all the different potions. Gather around, folks. You won't believe your eyes. Friends, gentlemen, old, wise, and otherwise. I have the potion and elixir you need. The name is God. And I'm Zia. And you know what? I think we have all proven ourselves worthy of story. A story of fate, destiny, and magic. Our story was written long ago, and it is a story of the gods. I have often dreamed a far off place about that later. This is a legend of the star by the basketball. What did you just say? A family show as Okay, watch this. Watch. This is the legend of the throneless god of history. All right, everyone. Yes. Odin as the god. Watch that. Hella, goddess of death. Who was that? For the gods found Loki god of mystery tale follows Loki the trickster the purveyor of magic the wouldbe king. Now Odin raised Loki alongside Thor. But back then there was no such thing as gentle parenting. One day King Odin realized it was time for a new king of Asgar. It was time for the brothers to fight to the death. No, we cannot do that. How can we do that? It is for destined to be up for Loki for him. Hooray for Thor on the throne. Loki's faith was seen. He was cast out by far never to be heard from again. The end. Thank you all. Thank you. That was very very trouble. Trouble that after all the time I've spent in your realm, you still get my story wrong. First, there's my father. Now Odin clearly favored my brother thought. Dear sister Helen, now she too felt entitled to the throne. But I wasn't about to let some longlost sister rule Asma, my home. No. How can the people of Asma, my people s under hand? Well, it is my destiny, my glorious purpose to rule, to be king. But still the throne of Asgard remains elusive to me after everything I've done for it. If I may be so bold, you won't seem in desperate need of a leader. Well, look, no further. Declare your loyalty to me and I will give you what you need as your bene. Your king is here. Well, everyone, I guess that is the true legend of Loki. Sure, but it's close enough. Okay, I'll be around. I'll see you around. We got to wrap this up. Well, thanks for gathering, folks. We have reached the end. Home tail enlightened and loves you, friends. No secret for now. We must go. We'll see you next time at our traveling show. Oh, there he is up there. All right, now I have to go and get ready for dinner at the Pride Lands happening soon. It's not really anything. I'm just going to switch my shirt. I have a Lion King shirt and we're eating at Lion King restaurant. Hello. And there we go. We are off. I'm ready. Let's set sail. This is kind of cool. That's the hotel that we were in last night. Way out there. But now I am getting ready to head down to dinner. I've got my Lion King shirt on down here. So now we are going to eat dinner at Prideeland's Feast of the Lion King. I'm very excited for this. This is the restaurant that is new and exclusive to the Disney Destiny. We are down on deck 5 and we're headed to the aft section of the ship. I like this. So, we're in an area called Saga right here. This is like a multi-purpose space. This is where they'll have bingo. We're going to come see a Marvel show later today. So, like Sarabi on the treasure, but that's not where we're headed right now. We're headed to dinner. Also, it should be noted that any of the art that you see on the ship is available for purchase here in the art on demand section. So, like you can see, they have some examples of what's available for art on demand. I like this Big Hero 6 one. Pride Lands Feast of the Lion King. Already a lot of little details in the woodwork all around. And these wood carvings here, too. Wow, that is awesome. So, this would be like Arendelle on the wish or Coco on the treasure. This is awesome. I already like the music heading in. I like this. to see. Good to see everybody. Hello. That was fun. When I was a young wthog. All right, here is our table right here. Back on the back of the ship. This is neat because these are actually windows that view outside. You can kind of see through them to see some cruise ships in the horizon in the background, but they've got these curtains pulled down and the lights on them to replicate the sunset behind the trees. And you might even find a hidden Mickey out here tonight. I'm sitting with Miguel and Janelle from Magic Journeys. Hello. Hello. Hey, join us. I'm going to join them. All right, here we go. We're going to have a look at the menu here. Oh, so this is uh mint coriander dip over there. Curried apricot chickenis, black eyed pea hummus, perry perry shrimp, romaine heart, lamb shank does sound good, beef tenderloin salad. Okay, this is Pumba's cocktail. Yum. Matunda, passion fruit, William pear, pineapple, cantaloupe, coconut, guava, coriander, chili, bear lime dressing. Oh, this was pretty basic flavor. It just tasted like fruit. So, I might get something different. Miguel is like talking about this tomato soup. You have to try this. Okay, I'm going to get It's Yeah, it's very good. Janelle got the Perry Perry shrimp sauteed chili garlic shrimp borenas pop toasted corn perry perry sauce. So, pop is like grits. We're a lot. There is more to see that can ever see the life. Welcome tonight to take you on a journey as we share that been handed down from generation to generation. Very good. Ah, wonderful. Now that is a greeting is I am which in Swahili means kind. And I am Shaha which means storyteller. And one of our true favorite stories is the cub who would be king. Simba was destined to be king. Of course there were many kings who came before him including his own father. I'm happy there. But I never see I'm working out. I'm working on my into my Oh, I just to become a singer. Will he take his place as king or the sky remains? Perhaps another path lies ahead of him. What will be his destiny? So this is roasted red cap scum soup, toasted paleo bread crustini, sundried tomato sofrito. This is the rosel han spiced tomato brazed lambshank, cracked toasted bular wheat, mint spinach, summer squash, pomegranate arills, arerrols. Also got Sarabi's roasted beef tenderloin salad, grilled halomi cheese, lemon marinated artichoke hearts, caramelized grape tomatoes, spiced garbanzo beans, cucumber, baby spinach, escarole, oak leaf, green onion, lemon garlic vinegrett. That's a lot of stuff on there. So, the whole reason that I got this was because of this, the halomi cheese, cuz I'm excited to give it a try. Ooh, it's grilled and it's crispy. Oh, let's try it. Yeah, that's real good. is cold, but it's good. Oh man. Try a piece of this steak. So, the steak is cold and that makes it a little bit like chewy just a little bit. And the rest of the salad is really good. I like those like flavors of the rest of the salad. Cheese is really good. The steak is not as tender as it would be if it were hot. So, sometimes on the journey toward destiny, our friends become our greatest ally. Yeah, we started as friends, but now we consider ourselves family. Came back to the room and I've got a towel animal here. What do you guys think that is? Like a a ram person sleeping. H All right, so now we are going to go and we're going to head to some decades music trivia as we're waiting for the the Marvel show, the Deadpool thing to happen. I'm excited to see that cuz this is like the most adult thing that I've seen on a Disney cruise ship. And I'll show you guys what I mean when we get there. I'm on deck 5 in Triton's Lounge for a little decades music trivia. Okay, so I got some pretty bad handwriting, but I got 31 out of 40. Not bad. The winners got 35. I came, you know, really close. I got the upper ones a lot more than I got the lower ones. A little bit of time before my next thing. Going to head into Mickey's main sale. Have a look at some of the inaugural merch. This isn't inaugural. This is Destiny specific though with all of the characters in their superhero costumes on shirts. What is What is this thing? like a pencil case. Activity book. Oh, that's fun. I like this jacket. As far as a Destiny spirit jersey, Destiny cup model of the Destiny, Destiny mugs. This is inaugural sailings Destiny mug. That's fun. 20 bucks. That's not bad at all. We got the Destiny ears, Destiny hats, lots of Destiny hats, some Cruise Line hats, some more cruise line ears. Oh, I like these. Like some a Disney Destiny. Just like some like very subtle ears. Captain Mini. Captain Mini. Disney Cruise Line ones. Some Haunted Mansion parlor ones. Oh, I haven't I don't think I've seen ear hats for Cruise Line before. Is this new? Am I like Have this been here before? I don't I I I have not seen them personally. More Destiny ears. There's a model of Tchala from the lobby. The Destiny Loungefly. This is a Destiny Christmas ornament. Destiny blanket. A Destiny Mickey Mouse figurine. Oh, a Destiny snow globe. Destiny keel coins. The Destiny inaugural sailings. Cups and mugs. And then the Spirit jersey. I like this one. I might end up with this one. The Destiny inaugural sailings 3/4 zip. I had one of these for the treasure. I have one of these for the treasure, too. Oh, I like this. Yeah, this is what we need. The Disney Destiny inaugural sailing shirt. Yeah, I like that a lot. So, I will be getting that. Not right now. I'll get at the end of the cruise. But yeah, I like that Disney Destiny inaugural sailings shirt here. A purple inaugural sailing shirt. I also like a windbreaker. $65 for a windbreaker. The inaugural sailings. This one's fun, too. This is like a thick shirt, long sleeve shirt. Found the inaugural sailings pin. $21. And there's also a keychain for the inaugural sailings. There's the Disney Destiny pin set. And there's also a journal set for the inaugural sailings. There's another inaugural sailings pin. There's Minnie Mouse in her superhero costume. Minnie Mouse, how you doing? Oh, yeah. Being a superhero, hanging out, saving the world as you do. Yeah. When you're not sailing the ship, you're saving the world. Whoa, look at this. This is awesome. I like it. You look fantastic. I like those boots, too. Look at those things. Wow. Nice work. Is it okay if we take some photos together? Excellent. Chip and Dale out over there. Moana is still out over here. I just met Minnie Mouse. Our next destination will be Saga. They've got fresh pop popcorn for purchase here. Candies. And they have caramel corn and kettle corn and caramel corn with mini M&M's and peanut butter mini M&M's at that. These are all for purchase. They also have a few of the sippers and some popcorn buckets available over here. So, we're here at Elixir Hall, which is the pre-show to the Marvel show. And the show that's coming up is called With Great Power, a Marvel comedy show. So if you guys can remember back to when we went on the treasure, we watched that Indiana Jones comedy show. This is the same idea except for it's Marvel. Please welcome to the stage ever and fantastic Miss B. Tell me why you're so Who are you? Are you British? You going to be here the whole show? Yeah. Cheerio. Great. Well, let's give these people something to marvel at. Behold the scroll of virtues. I like that sound. In fact, we're going to be talking about the scroll throughout the entire show. So anytime we sing to the scroll, I need everyone and I need everyone to join us in a grand choir of the scroll that illuminates the best virtues within us and within them the hero. Oh my stars and guarders. I just love the Avengers. I got just the tale to start us off tonight. The integrity of Captain America. War has ravished Europe, but help me along the way. Everybody young man is lining up his third country. Steve Rogers, that's me. Just a kid from Brooklyn. Physically unfit for enlistment, but volunteering for a top secret experiment. Dropping the army 20C. Yes, ma'am. I am Adrian Carter, and you will be the first in the new line of super soldiers dedicated to winning the war. Only you Steve stand in their way. Salsa now. See senior. I don't remember that from the movie to the transformation. Yes ma'am. Modern science transformed becoming Captain America. Wa. How do you feel Captain America? I can't understand. This mask is really tight. You can't breathe properly. I'm sweating. Hey, sorry. And with that, Captain America became more than a soldier. He became a symbol. Wow. My eyes were bigger now. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Well, wait, wait a second. Hey, this is America's tush. Touch. We got integrity, intelligence, friendship, courage, determination, persistence, and sacrifice. Intelligence. Intelligence. You, my friend. How how is your intelligence? People are laughing. They know you. Okay. How is your intelligence? It's fine. Are you working with a big a big big big IQ out there? Maybe. Okay. Well, I think it's time you take a deep dive into one of the most brilliant minds, Iron Man. Welcome back to Inventions with Tony. My name is Mr. Guy. What are you working on, buddy? Well, I got gadgets and gizmo. Your beard. No. Wow. Incredible. Wow. Incredible. What is it? in there. Both eggs in front of all these people. Yeah. Wow. Incredible. I'm busting out of here. Is this now? I've never had one more thing. I sour power to the scroll. Time for friendship. I'll be there for you. You don't have the rights to that song. The Guardians of the Galaxy. So you bunch of losers found an Infinity Stone. Oh, a bunch of a bunch of losers. Okay. Okay. Bunch of losers. E. Well, who are you calling a loser? You jerk. I am Groo. You know they say great humor doesn't transfer but the biggest laugh this entire show you say you say that evil warlord Ronin died. So we have to fight him so we can save sand. Why did you say so? Let's go. Okay. My sh of the beautiful sun to the scroll. Time for courage. Jordan, a hero can be forged from the homeless abortions. Take Scott Lang. Excuse me. That is Scott Lang, cat, burglar, Ant-Man, and frozen confectionary technician. Thank you very much. But no, now with the power of pimp technology, I can grow and shrink with the press of this button. Here I am. And I'm going to town. Oh no. To the scroll. Oh, determination. Just kidding. Just kidding. Hey. Hey, it's me, Grandmaster. Yeah, you know me. You know me. Look at you. Wow. What a show, huh? What a fun night. Everybody having fun? Yes. Yes. Okay, settle down. Settle down. Making his first appearance. Can you read the ladies and gentlemen? I give you Lord of Thunder. Lord of Thunder. I give you incredible. I know him. friends from somebody. Well, you know, that's not fair. He's not even playing that game. It's Captain America. Two hoes, one seed. That is determination to the scrolls. Oh yes. Persistence. The act of being an immovable force for greater justice. An especially valuable virtue for a certain Spider-Man who has no way home. The standard spell to make everyone forget that he is Peter P. And now a moment of legal clarity to regarding this next Marvel moment blah blah blah blah Sony blah blah blah Disney blah blah blah Spider-Man blah blah blah blah copyright infringement to prevent a potential lawsuit blah blah blah we're presenting this next moment to you in a classic comic book style blah blah blah blah we take you now to the golden age of Marvel comics Oh yeah. Feeling remember me. Who the hell are you? I am the sand man. And I I don't I don't have a problem yet. Hi We have a winner. Give a little snack. Here's my hat. And guess what else? You probably still will be sued to the scroll. Oh goodness. It's sacrifice. The act of of parting ways with something for the greater good. I mean, have any of you ever had to sacrifice something for love? No. It gets better, man. I promise. I know some of you had to sacrifice something. Some of you had to sacrifice your 401k to even be here tonight. So, thank you. That is called sacrificing for love. Welcome, Natasha. What you seek lies in front of you, as does what you feel. To take the soul stone, you must lose that which you love. Thank you. Thank you very much. Oh my dear. You got to get that checked out, man. That's some serious lockdown. We have traversed our scroll. Wait a mart's best heroes. And I will say that my Thor was particularly impressive. Is the thing on? Oh, look. Look at this. A room full of Disney adults. How magical. Is this a movie you review at scene? Wow. What an interesting concept. Someone in Imagineering has been hitting the sauce awake on the action. We got to close her out with a good scene. Those are not mirror sock puppets. Those are finale worthy. Oh, and uh sorry if the Wolverine one's a little crusty. DJ action. One more word. Please give me one. But why must we fight? You famous song and dance man that I can't name you because we're not paying you. You're a Broadway icon. I had once moved. I had to be in Dory. I win. Just like in the movie. I got to go. Got over my head betting on some babies in the diaper dash and got some angry mommies after me. We become the power of awesomeness. Violet dear, take us out in style. and you too and further changes and can't wait by I always like to come up at the end of the night to see what's playing on funnel vision. Right now, Kruella, I filled up my water and I got a couple of slices of pizza. Heading back to the room. This is the great thing is I'm on deck 11 so I can just go right back to the room right here. I don't. It's like there's Festival of Foods right there and my room is just kind of over here. All right, so there you have it. That was our first day on the Disney Destiny. I like the ship a lot. That darn Marvel show was so good and so funny. My goodness, it was a lot of fun. It is the most PG-13 thing I've seen at like on a Disney ship. I mean, the like I guess like Match Your Mate is pretty PG-13. I don't know. What do you guys think? Yeah, I feel like I did so much today. I can't even remember what else happened. Getting on the ship, fantastic. Seeing all the different things. Haunted Mansion Parlor. So good. Everything about this ship is really, really good. Oh, I like the Loki show. That was fun. I really like uh was Zia and Gamble, the characters. Super fun, super funny. Tomorrow is a packed day. Like, we've got so much to do tomorrow. We got to get up bright and early and our first thing is at 8:00 a.m. So, I got to get to bed. It's already It's midnight. Oh, good. So, I wanted to say thank you to Disney for having us out. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
