---
video_id: 1-x1QazuDgs
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Destiny Family Cruise Day4! | AquaMouse & Slide POV, Special Horns + Thoughts About The Ship!"
published: 2025-12-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-x1QazuDgs
---
Good morning from our day at sea. This is our last day of our cruise. We disembark tomorrow, but we're going to do something we've never done on a cruise before. We're going to go to the gym. We're going to work out. Yeah, it is a little bit later. Um I think it's like 9 9:00. Yeah. So, I don't know how many machines are going to be available, but I want to see the gym. We're going to work out for like half an hour and then we'll go grab some breakfast. My sister took the boys down to 1923 for the sit down breakfast and then they're going to do some like open houses while we work out and then we'll meet back up and explore the ship some more today. Yeah. But this is exciting cuz we've never done this, right? Not on the ship anyway. Let's go check it out. I do think it's pretty funny that they put the gym on the villain side of the ship. Where is it? It's right there to the left. It's not. Is it not? Is it up one more? Is it not? Is it not this high? It's down. It's down by five. I forgot. Came to deck five senses fitness side. Oh, there's a couple of machines available. We can do it now. We're starting out nice and easy on a walk. I'm not going to run. I'm just going to walk. Jen's also just going to walk. You're doing great. Look at her go. She started. All right. You finished working out. You feel good? I did. I burned like 200 calories. We just did like a quick 30 minutes. Yeah. Not bad. I got really hot though. I feel like it's hotter in here. Well, yeah. I mean, you were working out. No, but it feels like hotter in here than than like our room, you know? Right. So, um I wish we were closer to the water. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You'd like to be running on the water. I'm just like I wish the window went all the way up to the rail. Gotcha. Wonder or the dreaming fantasy. Yeah. Yeah. We got one ship left, right? We do. A lot of stuff in here. A lot of lot of treadmills, a lot of like ellipticals. Yeah. Free weights, machines. All kinds of stuff. Like a consultation room. Is that what that is? Yeah. Okay. so they can tell you where you need to work out. There's cold towels in the refrigerator, sanitization things, lots of towels available. This little water machine where you can get soda water, you can get hot water, you can get cold water. Yeah. And there's fruit available, too. This is the craziest looking workout I've ever seen in my life. Gives you gives you like what to do. Yeah. This is wild. I thought this was like a mirror. No, it's just open. Like resistance. Yeah. Weird, right? I thought there'd be bathrooms in here, but that's what I was looking for. It's right outside. Oh, okay. So, we came out of the gym and we're passing by the line for Vicilia. I think it's for the Disney Studio, which is on the other side of Saga over there. Oh, I ran into the middle. So, that line was for Kruella, right? Most of it. There was also a line for Facilia's parlor, which is at 11:15. It's 9:45 right now. People are already lining up for that. Princess gathering is happening right now, but the music that's happening in the lobby is very likeun done. I thought it was like Loki or something. They're like, "No, it's the princesses." It is fun coming out of the gym where there's like maybe like 15 people into the at sea day on the Disney Destiny and there's a thousand people everywhere. Look at this painting of the Black Panther. This is a Wakanda Marceline Market. Cooking with character. I feel like we haven't gone on the other side very often. Is this the side we've been going on? Yeah, we keep going to the same seat. Oh, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, we do. The special thing for today is the Mexican hot pocket. Where are the churro waffles? Got to refuel after working out. So, you know, as you do with the Mickey waffle, eggs benedict, bacon, and a all meat omelette. Ooh, I got some potatoes and over medium egg, mushrooms, asparagus, tomato. I love the the fried rice is like my favorite thing. I got some grits, but they're not very good. Oh no. And then I got a um smoked salmon bagel, but I forgot to get my my red onion. Dang. I know. Do I walk back over there and get it? Yeah, why wouldn't you? Oh, cuz you're tired from working out. Gotcha. It will make it taste better, though. I'm excited for this breakfast. I didn't see any churo waffles. Yeah, I I was looking it up and apparently it's like not on every sailing. So, I don't know why I didn't I don't even really like them. Yeah, I don't either, but it's always fun to see them, you know? It's like part of the cruise. came back to the room cuz we were going to get our bathing suit on and go down the slide. And what did we have but a magical moment. They made you a little birthday cake. Look at this thing. Wow. I got to take a picture of that. I've never had that before. Pretty fun. So, tomorrow is my birthday. Oh, yeah. And you're going to be 27. Dismbembark on my I don't care. You can tell them my age. I'm not like a I'm not too 65. It's a magical moment. And they also gave you a happy birthday button. So, all done with breakfast. The one thing that we haven't done on this cruise yet, ride the Aqua Mouse. So, let's go ride the Aqua Mouse. It's a day at sea. Feeling like the line might be pretty long. We'll find out together cuz today should be the Destiny exclusive liftill show. Watching Moana is like the pool deck's not like overly crowded. Let's see what the wait time is up here. Is it running? It is running. Wait time is 5 minutes. You guys, I don't know if you guys can read this, but it says Mickey and Minnie in a sing a silly song. And you can see there's Chernabog up there. Oh, this is the special one. This is the one that is exclusive to the Disney Destiny. Okay, let's go. This is kind of ridiculous, but everybody's in line for the other other stuff, I think. So, nobody's doing This is the Destiny exclusive one. Everybody wrote it like yesterday and the day before. Guys, I feel it's my It's for my birthday, I think. Maybe. They're like 5 minute wait for your birthday. It's for you. It's not even five minutes. It's just like the lowest the wait time goes. We're just getting on right now. It'll be okay. Just hold on to my toes. Warning, do not get wet. It's all good. If you look on the radio here, 705, 706, and 718. Those are the wish class numbers. Oh, there's Turnabog. Uh-oh. All right, get ready to get sprayed. They're throwing pie at us. Oh gosh, they're throwing pie at me. Doies. Oh, they're puppies now. Oh, got licked by that hyena. Daisy turned into a snake. Jen's getting more wet than I am. What the heck? Oh yeah. Spray. Ah, he sprayed me gooping. Oh jeez, he got me right. I shouldn't have said anything. I know. It's so much water. skeleton. I think they're in a hot tub now. W. Oh my gosh. Here we go. Oh, it's cold. Wa, buddy. Woo. Okay, we're done. We did it. We did it, everybody. Go. Oh, my butt went up. Oh, your butt went Oh jeez. Okay, we're okay. I like it lifted off the ground. Oh my god. That was fun though. They're going to let us reride cuz nobody's in line. Already very wet. How about you? Yeah. Dry. Like that. That one at the very top. Literally, I felt like I was going through a car wash. It's bad. That's the worst. It is. It is a lot. It's a lot. What did I do? Oh, it's okay. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's a big one. Okay, here we go. Oh my gosh. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. My butt. My butt keeps flying up. Oh, my contacts are going to come out. I can't see anything. We ended up in the hot tub in the adult section. This could be bad, though, because when we get out of this, it's going to be cold again. Well, I want to go in the adult pool. The only time I've ever done that was on my solo cruise. So, I'd love to go in it with you. Okay. And that uh I kind of remember it being warmish in the sun is cuz it's not covered in the hot tub. Every time that somebody comes down, there's them splashing downreaming and then it hits their sound queue. So be prepared as you're in the adults only hot tub. It's every time that someone comes down the aqua mouse, it hits the song queue like every 30 seconds. Okay, I think we're going to go get in the actual pool now. Yeah, we made it. Made it to the back of the ship in the adults only section. The infinity pool. Let me see. You go sit. Go sit like you're in the ocean out there. It's like you can't even tell where the pool ends and where you begin. Am I in the ocean? You'll never know. You'll never know. Floating 400 ft above the ocean magically. It's Disney magic. So Oliver um they were walking through a um you know how the doors automatically open, the sliding doors. Yeah. And he goes, "Wow, that was Disney magic." He goes, "Look at that Disney magic." I want to like stick this camera under water and look out the glass. Hello. Did Santa? Santa's on the phone. It's for you. What did Santa want? Wish you a happy birthday. Santa doesn't wish you a happy birthday. Why not? What if your birthday's on Christmas? Santa's mean. He's like, I don't wish people happy birthday. Get out of here. Seems like nobody's riding on the slides. We're going to go on Party Sports Rex. This is a 15-minute wait. Let's see. You just got to wait for it to turn green. Yeah. Is it called Slidosaurus Rex or is it called Partardosaurus Rex? Slidosaurus. I thought it was called Partyurus Rex. Rex is at the end of Slidosaurus Rex. Oh, I've been calling it Partardys Rex this whole time. Oh, I think they probably know what you mean. Maybe. I don't know. Good news, Jen. Fun is this way. Oh, good. Okay, let's get this party started. You party? back cuz they don't think Rex can party but he fills up the bathtub and has a good time with the bath toys because the regular toys think that he can't party but the bath toys are like partyurus Rex let's go and then he ends up flooding the whole bathtub but I think they have a good time let's go let's go twice six times in a row oh it's slippery oh it's a relaxing slide this. Oh, I stopped. Oh, no. That's not good. What's going on here? I just stopped in the middle of the slide. Okay, here we go. I'm going, I think. What's happening? Why am I not going on the slide? All right, so the idea is you're supposed to go faster down the slide. Maybe I should try again. I didn't do so good. I'm just stopping on the slide. I made it to the end. Oh, what a slide. There she goes. All right, we're going to do it again. I took off my my son's shirt. Okay, here we go. I'm going to lean back. Give myself a proper push. Woo! Oh, we're going pretty good. Yeah, we're going pretty fast. Oh, no. Yeah, that's all it is. It was just a shirt. Oh, we're going pretty quick. Pretty quick. I did it. All right, I made it down just without a shirt on and I gave myself a good push. Now we're waiting for Jen to come out. Yay. Look at that. Look at these views. Whoa. I did it. Wow. Oh, I can't believe that was pretty good. All right. You did it. You did it. You guys want to know the secret to sliding? What's the secret? Number one, on this slide, Molly told me I can't wear a shirt. So, cuz I stopped because of the shirt. So, I took the shirt off, but also arch your back up so your back's not on the slide. You're just on your shoulder blades and your butt and your heels. Go faster. Any water slide. There you go. That's the hot That's the hot tip. Thank you. Thank you. That was fun. I like that one. I know that it's a slower slide, but I think it's a fun slide. It's a good time. It's easy to do. Kids will love it. You know, I had a good time. We just rode it like five times in a row cuz nobody's on the slides. I don't get it. Nobody on the slides. I don't know. Oliver, what you doing? I can take my floaty off. You're doing what? Take my It's too deep for you to take your floaty off. He says, "I want to take my floaties off." He took him off down there and he was actually doing really good. He was swimming, but it's it's up to his like chest. Oh, okay. So, um, he took them off down there. He was doing great, honestly. Yeah. Here 4' 6 in deep. So I don't think he'll make it. He said be prepared cuz when you think you found your way, life will throw you on. Don't give up. Take it one step. You having fun? Yeah. Every cruise I've ever been on, I always forget to go out on deck at noon on the sea day. Today I am not forgetting. It is now 11:51. Going out on the deck. The whole reason we're out here at noon on a C day is because of those horns right there. We're not going to be standing here when the horns go off. But that's what we're here for. It did it one time up in the front there. Louder than it needs to be. Well, not than it needs to be. Louder than I could handle. So, I'm going to head back this way. Also, I'll stay in the shade here rather than be out in the sun. So, I think this is the perfect spot right here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There's something about those horns. Go the distance on that horn. There's a few like of the other ships when I hear the horns some of the notes sound just like slightly off. Not this one. The harmonies on go the distance. Phenomenal. First time hearing Grim Grenhost in person is really good and I like Gorilla Deville. We heard that one yesterday. But that's your pro tip. If you uh want to hear the horns noon on a C day, come out and hear it for yourself. All right. So now we are headed down to the Walt Disney Theater because we're going to watch Hercules. Jenna is already in line and the show happens in an hour. So, I'm checking out deck four to see what the lines are like up here. We showed up about an hour before the doors open. You can see this is one side. The other side is the exact same. Jen is back here. This is about as far back as we were yesterday as well. I think we'll have about the same seats that we had not yesterday, the day before. Fine. Yeah, those were those seats were good. Yeah, I think I feel like we'll be able to see everything from everywhere in there. No. Oh, I saw it when I saw it. I saw it from the wings up in the front. Oh, and it was And the set pieces are too big. You can't see everything that's happening. So, you don't want to be super far close. Okay. You don't want to be in the wings on the front. Okay. While we were waiting, I came into Crown of Light and I asked what their big piece was in here. This is a $460,000 necklace right here. Wow. $466,000. And you can get the matching bracelet for 240,000. I'm in the atrium now and we're about halfway back on the ship and you can see the end of the line to get into the Walt Disney Theater is back here on this side and back here on this side. We still have about 20 minutes before they open the door. It's going to be a full theater for sure. We did miss the character dance party today and you can see the remnants of it all over the atrium. Heading into the Walt Disney Theater to see the first public showing of Hercules. I just picked the first seats that I saw. I feel like these are pretty okay. Not bad. We won't be able to see some of like the high spots with the projections, but we should be able to see all the actors and all the action that's happening on the stage. Here's my bad lighting hot tip for the Disney Destiny. We're like under a spotlight. Show up early. So, what did you think? I thought it was great. Yeah. Yeah, I did. I thought it was really great. There was so much effects. Yeah, it was a very like special effects driven show. Yeah, I wasn't expecting all of the like fire, the singing, like everybody. It was fantastic. Yeah, that was great. I really really liked it a lot. I wish that Jackson could have watched it with us, but I think that parts of it would have been a little bit too scary for him. Agreed. Um but I think that other parts he would have loved. So yeah. So we came to the There's Belle right there. We just walked past Belle. So we came to the atrium because Jack Jack's diaper dash on this ship is not called Jack Jack's diaper dash. It's called Little Hero Dash. So I wanted to see if there was anything different about it. And it does look like there is something slightly different about it. The actual like track is different and it's themed to heroes rather than the Incredibles. I thought this was interesting because the Incredibles are on this ship. Yeah. Why wouldn't it be Jack Jack's diaper? I guess cuz it's Heroes and Villains. That makes sense. Yeah. Also looking at the course for Little Heroes Stash, Jen says, "Is that shorter?" It looks so nice. So when Oliver did it, it felt much longer than that. I just asked a crew member and she's like, "I think it is shorter." I'm going to link our video down below. Oliver won second place out of all the babies on the whole ship. We were so proud of him. He did a fantastic job. Wait, I do remember being longer than that. Select your suit power type. Which suit you going to do? Black Panther. Vibranium. Oh, there it is. Nano suit assembly complete. Whoa, look at you. This is cool. Scan complete. I don't mean to alarm anybody, but like that's a whole case of vibranium. It's like hanging out on a cruise ship. Feel like it should be protected somewhere. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Oh my goodness. He's protecting New York City. You're doing great. Good job. Look at him go. He's Iron Man. Holy cow. He's going to get a new top score. Keep going, Oliver. Keep going. Oh my goodness. 31,000. Oh my goodness gracious. You're a mean one. Oh, that's fun. Oh, they like his mouth moves. So, now we are headed down to Worlds of Marvel, which I haven't done since the treasure. So, it's been a while since we've done Worlds of Marvel. Did you not do it on your cruise? No. You're pretty good. Oh, Polo. Okay. Yeah. So, gotcha. I haven't did that yet. This is the uh the second Groot one. The Groot one. So, we're going down to Worlds of Marvel. Worlds of Marvel Avengers Technology Showcase. Looks like it's in 3D. I like this dinner because they ask us trivia. Oh, there's one right there. Cuz the first time that we did it, nobody realized that it was on here. Like they do the trivia on here. Like the different ones light up different colors. Um, and I think we were one of the only ones that was actually playing. So, we did win. Well, there weren't any points, but we did do good. No. Why do I remember? Okay. I think we just said we won. I will be acting as party planner and host for our hero celebratory dinner. We shall be getting underway shortly. Please take your seats. There's nothing like that. We got to we How are we going to fit these seats in our suitcases? Oh, to take our seats. This has also been like peak dad joke cruise because the other day I wish I wish you were filming. There was a guy that was standing he was standing in front of the gift shop. The gift shop wasn't open because we were at the we were at Castaway. So, the gift shops are not open when you're docked at like a port. you have to be at sea for the shops to be open. And so he was standing there on his phone and Tim goes to be first in line, huh? And he was like, I really appreciate it. He goes, he's like, I'll be standing here for 4 and 1/2 hours. Jackson got corn dog. What sauce did they give you? Mustard. Honey mustard. This is the white cheddar and broccolini soup with toasted cornbread sippets. What are sippets? Croutons. M. Yeah, pretty good. I don't I never taste the cheddar in this one. It just tastes like No, it just tastes like broccoli. And the cornbread um little croutons are very sweet. So, it's like an interesting flavor. It's good though. The lighting in this restaurant's pretty bad. And it makes everything look the wrong color, but I promise you it is not gray. It is green. This is the iceberg wedge. Gray. Green. Alert codes. All the power just found out 705 718 706. Those are the hall numbers of the wish class ships. We did it. Nice work, Groot. Here's my chicken schnitle. Panko crusted chicken breast, butter sauteed potatoes, caramelized onions, long green beans, lemon anchovi capers. So, I didn't get the anchovi and capers on there. I decided to leave those off. This is the ricotta noki, fontina cheese, caramelized grape tomato, confi broccoli rob arugula pesto. This actually looks really good. Yeah, I was thinking about ordering that. Can I have a bite? Yeah. You want right now? No, the arugula thing is weird. Everything else is good, but the arugula adds a weird green taste to it. I think it's pretty good. I didn't really get a lot of the arugula. It's a very light. If you want something very light, I would go with that. That's super light. This is also light. What is that? This is the mystic pasta. Golden mystic pasta with caramelized scallops, angel hair, Chardonnay lemon, saffron, cream, roasted vine tomatoes, and Malibar spinach. I don't know what Malibar spinach is. This is very good. This is my favorite thing on the menu. I got my mind set on you. Oh, Groo did something nice for Rocket. I just got something in my eyes. I find some drops. You go ahead. Celebrate already. Here we see three of our youngest heroes, Cassie Lang, America Chavez, and Remy Williams, celebrating their latest victory. Teamwork is the key to Who wants to play shuffle board? I'm sponsored by Coca-Cola. This is the brownie. The brownie cheesecake. Ice cream. The lighting's real bad in here. But this is the ice cream sundae. Happy birthday to you. Hey. Happy birthday to you. Hey. Happy birthday. Happy birthday to you. We did it. We got some stuff for the sailing board of the maiden voyage. Oh, it's a stingray. What is this? Your birthday present. Happy birthday. This is from who? From them. Not from me. Really? Yeah. You brought a present on the show? Yeah. This is my car. You made this for me? Yes. Look at that. Mom, I love that. They're all all on skateboards. That's so cool. So, they gave us some chocolates. I got to figure out what this thing is. Wait, they they gave us a keto coin. I don't know. From the Maiden Voyage. And it came with like a little base to display it. Oh my god. And it says Maiden Voyage on it. This is like you didn't have to buy any Maiden Voyage merch. It's like handing it out to you every night. Jen's sister is putting the boys to sleep. We packed up as much as we could. We're going to take our stuff off tomorrow though. We're not going to put it out tonight. I like doing the maiden voyage, but like they've given us a lot of stuff, which I'm not complaining about. Right. But it's also in big boxes. We didn't know cuz we've never done a maiden voyage. So, we didn't know to leave a lot of extra room for the stuff, right? So, we are leaving with way more stuff than we came on with. Now, we're going to go attempt my favorite favorite trivia and that is brain teaser. You think we're going to win? Probably not. But who I wonder if Ray and Junior are I want to see what they say? Oh, we should message them. Okay. All right. So, we lost pretty horribly at brain teasers. I like doing brain teasers because the ones that you get, you got to feel good about. Yeah. But then the ones that you miss, you feel really bad about because like for example, if you turn me on my side, I am everything. If you cut me in half, I am nothing. Yes. What am I? This was a hard one, but also once you got the answer, you're like, "Oh, duh." Yeah. So, do you guys want me to tell you the answer? Wait, did you show these? I did in the other video. Oh, I thought I thought this was really cool that these are all of the tribes of Wakanda. Yeah, and they're on the other side, too. So, there's six of them total. Yeah, they're neat. But right now, there's nothing really happening on the ship, so we're just kind of like hanging out. Well, there's another trivia at 10:30. That's a while. That's a while for Let's look. I'm going to look in the gift shop one more time. Okay. Oh, they're setting up the confetti cannons. Ooh. For the the end of the cruise cereal soon action. It is a good sweater. We came into the gift shop, but this is a $100 sweater. I didn't think it was that expensive. It's very like soft and cozy. This would be like a cozy I love a cozy sweater, you know. Um but not for $100. I bought a really expensive sweater and people didn't like it. But then I look at the prices of these things and I'm like people are buying these. That's true. People have like 40 spirit jerseys $70 a piece. That's true. That is true statement. So if you guys remember back to the previous videos from when I was on the media cruise, Tachala already came back and took back the ship. That happened around like 5:00 today. So that's why it's all purple now instead of green for Loki. Sorry. Oh, it's gone on my video. Sorry, it's so late. Louise, it's like 9:00 at night. I feel like we've lived 10 lives today. Oh, yeah. I feel like we did, too. You worked out. I'm sorry. We worked out. We went in the pool twice. Well, by the way, did you notice that on the floor there's the heart-shaped herb right here? Oh, no, I didn't. There it is. I really do love everything about this ship. I think it's really just so different and really cool. And I like how it's it's not like a typical Disney cruise ship. Like the decor and stuff, it feels very modern. And I think that's so different from the other ships cuz even though obviously like the Wish and the Treasure are more modern ships, they still have that nostalgic feeling. This one doesn't have that for me, right? It just feels super almost futuristic and I think that's cool. Heading into Treasures Untold. Yeah, there's a Doney set here. There's also a lug bag that I think is just for Disney Cruise Line, but this one is for This one's for the Destiny specific. Oh, for inaugura sailings. This feels like Oh, yeah. Like almost like highlighter yellow. That like really bright almost green color. So, now let me ask you this. Yes. Do you think that they'll still sell this purse? Not during the inaugural sailings without this thing. I think they'll sell it until they sell out of them. Oh, yeah. That's true. It's a strange fit, right? Yeah. I haven't seen anybody wearing these. I've seen everybody wearing the other stuff. I haven't seen anybody wearing this one. Yeah. I don't I don't love it. I also didn't see this last time. Maybe it wasn't out or something. There's a shirt, too. Yeah. Like puffy sleeves. Oh, interesting. This is a thick shirt. It is thick. Yeah. They have a lot of different like color stories like the black and gold. The like blue and gold. The like blue ombre with the purple. This lilac. I wonder if they just like couldn't make up their minds. I don't I don't want to put it all the way on cuz it won't come off. Look at this thing. And then look at the sides. Little cruise line albums. Oh, I didn't see that. Yeah. It's very um interesting. So, you have a little Mickey necklace from this brand. I do. Yeah. And people are always asking about it. Mhm. But like some of the stuff they've got is Oh, wait. This is all Rebecca Hook over here. Yeah. This is not This is not Christ. This is stuff. Yeah. Which I got to admit, some of this stuff's a little weird right now. Well, I stopped wearing it. I still have it. I still love it. But because you got me this push. This is my push present. Oh yeah. When I had Jackson. So that's the only reason why I stopped wearing it. Oh no. You keep wearing it. I have to have another child name of Mickey. I like these though. The like mixed metal knots. Oh yeah. But the Cruz stuff they um they started making like logos. Like they make a lot of jewelry with like the Disneyland sign logo. That's like their new thing. I don't love those. Those aren't my favorite. I like this one cuz it's like Oh, you just said that. the mixed metal ones. They kind of like match. Last time I just looked at the cups, I didn't see that there was like a whole thing underneath with like a pen and a book and luggage tags and a Christmas ornament. Wow, these are really nice. You get two luggage tags for the price of one. Some coasters here. There's supposed to be like stuff that's like bar things for the pirate. Is this it? Oh, yeah. It's like a little little skeleton hand with some here some jiggers and stuff. Yeah. So, you get like your long spoon, your measuring things, your bottle opener. Um, oh, it's the bottle opener is a key. Oh, yeah. That's cool. The coasters. I will say though, this feels the quality doesn't feel like the best, but it looks very cool. Spoon is a sword. Maybe if you're like really into pirates, if you have like a pirate themed bar in your in your man cave, I like this shirt. A pirates life casting cannon. That's fun. Yeah. I like this like heathered brown. I like that. Oh, wild. It's like a snow globe but themed to the Haunted Mansion parlor fish tank. Oh, like a little pirate purse. This is going to be like a deep cut for people who watch Wife Swap, but there was an episode of Wife Swap, like original Wife Swap when it first came out. One of the families, they were actively pirates. Like they were robbed merchant ships and stuff. They like acted like pirates. They dressed like pirates. They owned a pirate bar. They're they made their kids dress like pirates. It was very weird. I feel like this is like that lady coded. Like this is like this would be her purse. Not for me. But I'm glad that they have something for that lady here, you know? So this says that it's drink wear, right? Ooh. Right. Ooh. Oh, it's like Is it supposed to come apart? Or does this one break? Those people from Wife Swap would like they would be living their best their best life. Maybe they're on this cruise in this section of the ship. They would be loving it. I just want to buy this crab. Can I do that? They're like, "You cannot have our props. Can't buy a crab." So, we found out that that thing with the two cups and the journal, the like box gift set. Box gift set. $225. See, look. So, how do I play it? If I tap this, you have to just catch it at the right time or something. Wait, this isn't mine. Some Maybe it was that person that just walked by. They got the mariner. So, the the music playing in the ship is is way more different than the music playing in the other ships, right? Have you noticed that? like in the elevators. It's very like it was Janice's. I got that ghost for Janice. Here you go, Janice. You're welcome. We got you. We stepped into Haunted Mansion Parlor for a second just to kind of have a look and see what the vibe was like in here. It's vibing. You know, it's awfully quiet right now. Clock just went off. Some music is starting to happen. That means that part of the show is starting to happen. up there. It's all red. What does it say? Till death. Okay. Oh, it's spooky. You missed it. There was a ghost there. I promise. What the heck? We're watching Enchanted. I came up to see it. This is the good part, too, where the evil queen comes. Or the the witch. I don't know what she is. You know that one. All right, we are officially done with our final night of the cruise. We are going to finish packing up in the morning and head out. It's been fun. I really have enjoyed this cruise a lot. I think that, you know, with anything, it is an inaugural cruise. It is inaugural sailings. It is uh the maiden voyage. So, it's kind of a lot going on. So, there were a lot of lines for sure tonight and during this whole cruise. I think that'll calm down as the ship ages and as more and more people come on and off the ship. But yeah, I really do enjoy the ship. I like the the the stories. I like the characters. I like the shows. Everything was fantastic. It also felt longer than just a 4-day cruise or a four night cruise. We are headed home tomorrow, though. So, we're going to go to bed, get some sleep, and all in all, it was a fantastic evening. With that being said, we are off. See you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, Heat.
