---
video_id: KSmAgI1wEL0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Destiny Cruise Day 2! | Making A Song For Cruella, Hercules Suite Tour & AquaMouse POV!"
published: 2025-11-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSmAgI1wEL0
---
[Music] Good morning from day two of our time on the Disney Destiny. We are at Lookout Key right now. Unfortunately, our view out the window is just out into the ocean. So, we'll have to go up to Marceline Market, get some breakfast, and then we'll have a view of the island. I don't think we're going to get off on the island today because there's so much to see on the ship. We've got a lot planned throughout the day to see and to do. So, let's go get started. Oh, it looks like we're still docking right now. You can see the ship's team and captain and the bridge team is helping spot what's going on. They're watching. They're seeing that we're doing our thrusters. You can see the thrusters here and over here. So, basically what this is doing is this is taking the ship instead of moving forward like this, we're moving sideways like this. like we are backing or like moving in towards the dock. And it looks like we're not actually moving cuz we can see all the way down to the bottom here. That's how clear the water is. So, we might just be up against the dock and they're tying us off right now. And these thrusters are just here to hold us in place. If you want to know something interesting about a media cruise right now, they have set up on air broadcast for radio all along this side. So, you can see these are all radio stations that are going to be broadcasting live or either recording from the Disney Destiny. It's also nice cuz it's 7:45 in the morning. Not a lot of people out on the pool deck right now. We are 100% going to be stopping by Edna Ala Mode Suites today. Heck yeah. I'm excited. I can't wait to have some sweets and to have a look around inside of there, too. Oh, they're super suits. So, Marceline Market, same deal as on the wish and the treasure. It's identical to the wish and the treasure. So, we have different sections of Marceline Market. This one's called the Chef's Counter. We got some sausage. Oh, little baby sausages right there. Good morning. Some bacon, some eggs, some asparagus, some kichees, grilled tomatoes, turkey bacon, hash browns, more eggs, smoked salmon, gravalocks, some eggs benedict, and some eggs. Julia, and then we head a little bit further in the Rapunzel themed treats over here. This is the signature choices. So, we've got some ginger chicken congi, some egg fried rice, some toppings for these items. Let me get back to bacon, sausage, eggs, tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, potatoes with peppers and onions, some more hash browns, some corn beef hash back there in the back. The kids counter, which is Mickey waffles and chocolate chip pancakes and blueberry pancakes. Good morning. some fruit, whole fruit, some whipped cream, strawberry compost, cream of wheat. Then we head back a little bit further to the market deli. Grits, toppings for your oatmeal or your grits, and then this is where you could get your cereals and your milks, and then toppings for your oatmeal, or you could also make parfait with some yogurt over there. And then they have toppings for your toast as well, cuz they do have toast and bagels and English muffins available. Then we come back to the pantry favorites. This is meats and cheeses, tomatoes and cucumbers, gravlocks, smoked salmon, smoothies, muesli, berry parfait, some rolls, pastries, donuts and danishes and muffins and croissants. And then we've got fresh fruit back here, some fried eggs, more bacon, sausage right there. Ham and cheese croissants. So the only spot you'll find them is back here in the back. Hash browns. Then we got more of the same over here because we are repeating now down the other side. So there are two sides to the Disney Cruise Line buffets. And they are both the same. So if you want something from this side and the line's too long, go check the other side. It might be a shorter line. Here we are at Lookout Key. And I don't know if I ever noticed, but there's a house like right there. Be nice. I wonder if that's somebody's private residence or you could rent it out. All right, there's my breakfast. I do have an omelette coming too. Yeah. Mickey waffle, a hash brown, some sausages, some bacon, the ham and cheese croissant, and an eggs benedict. We do call this Disney's private island, Disney Lookout Key, but they only have a portion of the island. Another portion of the island is owned by Princess Cruise Lines, and so they have a little private area over there. Now that we're done with breakfast, we are headed down to uh Oceaner Club because they have an open house right now. So, we're going to go check it out. So, we're down here on deck two headed towards Oceaner Club. And then we've got some of the racing characters from Wreck-It Ralph because the Oceaner Club is themed to Wreck-It Ralph. So, these are the characters from Sugar Rush. And you can look on the carpet and you see starting to see candy and stuff sprinkled throughout. Oh, and then we've got some Marvel characters cuz also represented in the Oceaner Club. Marvel and Star Wars with Chewbacca and his pork friends. Oh, and all the animals. And then we head back into Sugar Rush or Wreckit Ralph. Yeah, Sugar Rush. Yeah, Oceaner Club. So, you got Star Wars Cargo Bay. That's the Star Wars section of the Oceaner Club. I got Chewy in there. He's wandering around. We're heading back to Marvel Superhero Academy. Morning. Good morning. And we got Spider-Man back here. Look at there's Spider-Man. It's fun because there are a lot of interactive elements like you can log into this so the kids can log into this computer and like try to go through Spider-Man training right here. Hey, what's up? How's it going? It's going pretty good. I wanted to thank you personally for helping us with the our electro issue. Oh, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of crazy. You know, I didn't just on vacation like everyone else here and then, you know, he showed up so just thought I'd swing in and come and save the day. Yeah, it was good. It was I didn't even realize that Spider-Man goes on vacation. Yeah. You know, just sometimes. But, you know, Avengers always on duty, right? That's true. That's true. Yeah, that's true. I hope nothing else happens with the ship. I think we should be good from now on. I know Loki's here, but yeah, hopefully uh maybe Black Panther can help with that one, too. Feel like I'm going to a talk later with Ant-Man and uh and Wasp. I think they're going to teach us about towel animals. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. Is it okay if we take a photo together? Let's do it. So the kids can come in here and they can actually design their own superhero suit and then that'll transfer over to the games that are here and they'll be able to play as the character in their suit that they created. Star-Lord. There he is. Oh, Wakandan tech. More Wakand tech. Captain Marvel. And there's also Star Wars cargo bay in here. And we saw Chewy for a second, but it seems like he might have left. A little porgi over here. Oh, he's got eggs. Little porgi eggs. There's going to be little baby porgis soon. All kinds of other fun activities and things can happen in here with the kids. Also, a lot of little hidden Easter eggs and Star Wars things, little Star Wars artifacts around. It's cool. You can really tell that the Imagineers were big fans of Star Wars that made this space cuz there's lots and lots of little things here and there. Little sleeping loath cat. We love good animatronics in random spaces. See if I can get this to focus on. This is I don't know. I like this space a lot. Lots of little creatures here and there. So, this is Oceaner Club. So, something that's interesting about the wish class Triton class ships is that they only have Oceaner Club. It can be separated out into different sections with the doors and things like that. But it's only club. There is no oceaner lab. But there are lab elements in Oceaner Club like this space that we just went through. We can end up in Imagineering Lab like this over here. Yeah. Walt Disney Imagineering Labs. And this is like more along the lines of what you would find in Oceanering Lab on the other ships. There's also a fairy tale hall with Belle. Hello everyone. Hello. How's it going? Oh, wonderful. And you? I'm doing fantastic. Yes, you are. Off on an adventure in the great wide somewhere. Yeah. Or have you seen the library? No, I haven't. It's one of my favorite places. So many books to read. Yeah. Well, what's your favorite book? Well, I do love Romeo and Juliet. This is one of these favorites, too. Oh, really? So, you've heard of that one before? Yes. Wonderful. Is it okay if we take a photo together? So, there's also a Frozen section in here with an interactive window over here and then Rapunzel section. Belle's kind of wandering around. She's heading into Imagineering Lab. And then there's also Mickey Minnie's captain's deck. And this would be for the younger younger kids, like toddlers. They have an open house. We love to bring Oliver in here. And then there is it's a small world nursery as well. So this would be for those three and under. This is an extra charge, whereas like Oceanir Club is included, but if you wanted to have a babysitter for the evening, you could drop them off at it's a small world nursery. Oh my goodness, there's a train going by. This is amazing. They do also have a full you call this like a sleeping section. It's a nursery. So, these are cool because you can design your own roller coaster here and then you can load it onto this machine and it has this big screen where you can ride it. Like it looks like we're riding Everest here. And then if we look inside the prop shop here, lots of little Easter eggs for Imagineering. Some different Mets and toys. You got some props or pieces from Tiana's Mickey Minnie's Runaway Railway. Astro Blasters. Oh, the Dino Institute. That'll be nice to have here on this ship since it will be closing. Society of the Explorers and Adventurers. Some Animal Kingdom costumeuming. Oh, old Hollywood Studios flag. Oh, a sign from Small World. That's from Magic Kingdom. So, that's from Orlando. There's a flag from the Jungle Cruise in Hong Kong down there. They're also fun little things that you can find in these bookshelves, like the butterfly from Imagination. Where did it go? Oswald concept art for Tron. A Mandalorian helmet. Shanghai minutes ahead. Oh, wait. These I remember something about these clocks being set to the dates that each of these parks opened rather than an actual time. They have some models fully painted of the Stern character who's Spider-Man this time. Oh my goodness. Ray Chewy, how's it going? You guys doing good? Oh man, the size of this guy. Holy cow. So, I wanted to ask you your official position on porks. Like, you're you're friends with porks, right? Absolutely he is. Yeah. In fact, he actually let one out. There's two in the cargo bay here. Most people know the one right over there in the enclosure. But if you look up in the corner right over there, you'll actually see that there's a pork nest. There's a pork nest in the corner over here. Yes. So, right. Oh my goodness. Oh no. Yes. See? And then sometimes if you listen carefully, you can actually hear the pork running around on the side of the cargo bed. Oh, okay. Yes. We're trying to get it back with Oh, wait. Do you see it? Yes. Can you grab it? Not quite. Almost. Maybe next. Yeah. I know you wanted to come back so it can go back to its friend. We've been looking for it for quite a while. I think I found it. I also saw the pork is having babies. That's amazing. We're going to have lots more running around as well. From deck two, we have a pretty good view out on the island and you get a good idea of how many wagons there are. All right, so now I am headed up to I think the Hercules suite which is suite 1300. I have an open house for us so we can tour it and we've got content opportunity at Devilles. Came up to deck 13 and I wanted to point out that the portraits here are villains that you didn't think were villains at first up on the concier floor. Oh, I like these. Sorcerer Mickey. There are two suites on this floor. 13500 is the Increduite. And then this is also where one of the entrances to the concierge lounge is. But if I head over to this side to the 1300 side, this is the hero suite. So, this one is themed to Hercules. Storage as soon as you walk in. Hanging storage. Fresh flowers. More hanging storage. And then there is also a full bath down here with a stand-up shower. I like the tile. I like it a lot. Rainfall shower head, handheld shower, vanity, toilet. More storage in here. These little drawers. Little teeny tiny drawers. What are you going to put in there? And as we get a little bit, oh, a mirror to check the fit on the way out the door. Then we've got the kitchen here. Full-size refrigerator and freezer. Of course, the freezer is fully stocked Mickey Premium bars. And then you do have an ice maker. Fully stocked refrigerator, milks, waters, beers, sodas. Oh, detox juice and booster juice. That's fun. Nespresso coffee machine fully loaded with pods. Silverware utensils, dishes, plates, wine cooler down there. Some of the wines are included in the suite, some are not. Then you have a bedroom down here. Of course, fulls size kitchen table. bedroom down here with its own access to the balcony. TV, some storage all around, a little vanity seat over here. This is nice for you to up and do your makeup in the morning. A walk-in closet area, like a walkthrough closet here. Hanging storage on either side. The bathroom for this room, pretty spacious. Standup shower, same type. Rainfall shower head, handheld shower head. Toilet has its own room. There's a seat in the shower. They have the Bulgari shampoo and shower gel and conditioner. And they have the sponge gel sponges. These are like soap infused sponges. They smell so good. Okay, let's head to the next place. Because there's a table in here, you can get Paulo delivered to the room. Is this a pullout couch? Yeah, pull out couch down there. So, you can sleep two more out here. huge Hercules mosaic above the TV. Here's something that is new to me in the suit is the baby gates. So, we have baby gates for the suites. I also like the marble work on the bottom. There is a baby gate at the top of the stairs as well. Beautiful chandelier up high. Windows on the second level, like a full huge vated ceiling here above the TV. Bedroom, the main bedroom. Chandelier over the bed. Comfy headboard, wireless charging for your watch and your phone, TV, seating area, vanity right here, window that looks out over wherever you're headed, but also a window that looks out over the seating area down below. And then some artwork from Hercules. And then from the bedroom, we head through like the walkthrough closet. Huge, huge mirror here. Lots of storage. Then we head into the bathroom. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, Tim, there's no way that I'm going to take a shower in this bathroom. People could see in, but oh, there it is. You make the glass opaque with the flick of a switch. Nice garden style tub. Little chair out here so you can set your stuff on, get ready to go in the tub, put your robe there. Double vanity, separate toilet room, and huge standup shower. No seat in this, but there is a little ledge maybe for you to put your foot up on if you need to shave your legs or wash your legs or anything like that. Rainfall shower head, handheld shower head. And I like this. I like this chandelier in here, too. Last place we have to look is out on the veranda. And I don't know if this was intentional, but this is like a lightning bolt handle. One thing I like about these Royal Suites is they do have a table outside. So if you do have your dinner delivered or if you have room service, you can have it out here on your veranda. Beautiful view of the island. Some little cafe chairs over here. And then something else about this particular ship and this particular class of ships, they do have Whirlpool tubs out on the veranda, which is nice. We know that the Dream and the Fantasy have these in the in the Royal Suites, too. these a little bit different style, a little bit bigger deck on them, and there's not as much covering over top of them. Whereas the ones on the Dream and the Fantasy, full coverage all the way out over top of the hot tub. I'm going to give you guys another look at some of the other artwork in the room before we head out. So, I did notice the baby gates on the stairs, and I'm thankful for that. But I did also want to mention that the same suites are in the after the ship. Same theme, same size, but one floor. So, keep that in mind if you're thinking about booking a suite. Now, we are headed down to Deville's. I hope Carella will be in there. I also hope there's a piano player in there. Let's go find out. And the columns on either side of the piano. The piano has spots on it like a Dalmatian, but there's also a few hidden Mickeyy's here and there and a hero table set up here with some of the drinks that are available. Oh, I like this little hidden secret table back here. [Music] Oh my gosh, this is my favorite 101 Dalmatians artwork I've ever seen. It looks like Edward Gory, doesn't it? We never release the world such a place until [Music] [Applause] [Music] you idiot. Oh, good morning, Mr. Bill. How dare you repeat the lyrical falsies of that dreadful song? I I must say grief stricken. Oh. Oh. Oh. Sorry. We're sorry, girl. Wait. I didn't know that was going to make you so upset. Oh, that song is full of wicked lies. Okay. And you know who wrote it? Roger. Blind and boring Roger. The husband to Anita, my dear old school chum. To think I once called her friend. And she was mocking me behind my back. Oh, poor me. Oh, can you imagine such a thing? This cruel song is ruining my good name. And poor Kella, I have no solution. What to do? What do [Music] then? Hey, she's really upset. Yeah, I had no idea Krillin Deville had real feelings. I can't even. But but could you imagine though if if your friends wrote this terrible song about you and and then it became popular and it and it made them famous and not to mention very rich. Oh, we have to help her. Um, what can we do? How can we fix this? We got to help Krill out. What should we do? Everyone, any any ideas? Change the words. Change. All of you have the same idea. That's brilliant. I'll tell her. I'll tell her. I believe that. Okay. It's fabulous to think your creativity can flip these falsities into flourish. All right, well, we will all help write a new song. Just give us like 30 minutes. That will make it 10. Okay, plenty of time. Is it? You'll all help. Yes. Oh, yeah. Darlings, you would make Cruella so happy. Oh, right. About my good taste, confidence, and flare for fashion. Oh, you need a pist. Yes, that one will do. Come sit. Well, I'll leave you to it, darling. See you very soon. Don't disappoint me. Cheerio. Bye, Cruella. We need everyone's help. We got to think of things we like about Kella. That confidence, her fashion. What are things we like about Kella Deville? What do we like about her? She has a unique look. Unique look. That's a great opening line. So, let's open with Kruella Deville. Unique look. That's a good opening line. I like it. Write that down. I need someone to write that down for us cuz we have to rhyme with look. What else rhymes with look? What if we get to took like a bold choice she took cuz she makes these lyrical masters that she took. I like it. Will you write that down? My friend, how you write that one down for us? A bold choice that she took. Oh, she leaves us all shook. That's good. We like that. She leaves us us all shook. That's for the youth out there. Shook. You have a book one. Let's hear it. Perfect. She wrote She rewrote the fashion book. She rewrote the fashion book. That's a verse, people. Let's do it from the top. Here we go. Cruel has a unique look. It's a bold choice that she took. She was all shook. She rewrote the fashion. That's a word. That was good. That was good. Oh, her car. Her car. And how would you describe that car? Give us an adjective for that car. It's monochromatic. Monochromatic. David, I think the longest word. Monochromatic car. Good. All right. So, we're going to run with car. We're in her bar. In her bar. In her bar. Yes. And we are ending this with Kruella Deville. We're going to need something that rhymes with chill. Yes. What? She's feeling chill. She's so chill. What do we want? She gives us the chill. She gives you a chill. That gives us a chill. Christine will do it all together. Here we go. [Music] Carella. We are in her bar. Kruella gives us a chilla. [Music] We wrote a song, people. I I sense the problem. Oh, I know. She She's not going to be satisfied with just a song. We are going to need some choreography. Oh, yes. Who here likes to dance? Who's Ashley? Oh, am I Ashley? We just need one move for Kruella. So, every time we say Kruella, simple move we can all do. What are we going to do? So, every time we say Corella, it's a snap. Thank you, Ashley. Nick, you're picking our final pose for Kruella Deville. What's our final pose? What did she do? It's awesome. She throws a coat around and stuff. Let's throw a coat around. Yeah, show us, Nick. Boom. There. Yes. I am back looking more exquisite than when I left. Yes, I do hope that this song makes mention of my beauty, an undeniable sense of style. You will not be disappointed. Cruella crew is incredible. Everyone, are we ready? [Music] Able choice that she took. She released us all shook. She reroa [Music] cara. Cruella. We're in her bar. gives us a chill. [Music] One more time, Mr. Bill. What do you think? What do you think? Got it. You no. Now I feel as good as I look. Who wrote the part about my unique look? Oh, look. That was over here. That was No, that was Was it me? Oh, I did that. Sorry. That was me. That was me. I'm sorry. I forgot. Yes. And what about me writing a fiction book? Oh, how inspiring. Yes. Oh, I can't wait to see the look on Roger's face when I tell him all about this. Oh, I'm going to ring him and Anita right now. Oh, wonderful. I've got to run, darlings. Kruella chrome. Okay, you darling. Bye. We did it. Thank you all so much. You You really saved the entire ship from a whole heap of trouble. And you know what? One more person. We have to thank Christine R. [Applause] monro. So that was a show that happens here in the vill called treble making and it's fun. You can do that too. Just look in your navigator app when you're on the ship for that. So much fun. Music notes over the door are uh spots from dogs from Dalmatians. You can kind of see. So, we haven't seen it happen yet while we're in here, but there is a silhouette of Corella that shows up in fiber optics behind the piano here. So, this is the mocktail. It's called the the Fearless Cir Galahad. So, this would normally be $14. This is Free Spirits Bourbon. Bourbon barrelaged maple and bitters with a filthy cherry on top. The brand name is Filthy. Makeup set. That's edible. [Music] Then we have the edible lipstick. What is it? It's made from jello and um shambo lip. Oh my gosh, that's so cool. It's like a jello shot. Also a model of Kella's phone back there as well as her car. I came into the sanctum real quick and they have a hero display of all of the drinks that they have and the various things that you can get here. Just wanted to go over cuz they do have some really interesting cups. Like this one is levitating here. This one you can kind of pull some of the things up the side here. Like this is awesome. And then they have Oh, this one's also levitating. Look at that. And they've got a few with some smoke bubbles on top. Oh. Oh, that was awesome. And then they have this one. We tried this one on the preview. I like this cup, too. This is awesome. And the tea. with the eye opener and it's based with gin, some olan tea and some other type of specialtity recipe that we have. Okay. I don't drink so I won't be having that. But does this light up? It does, but Oh, that's awesome. Thank you guys so much. So, that was just a real quick thing that I ran and did really fast cuz they were like, there's an opening right now and the drinks are displayed. So, I don't know what any of those drinks were. We're going to have a moment in the sanctum tomorrow and we can go over what all those drinks are. So, be sure to stay tuned to tomorrow's video. We go a little bit more in depth into the Sanctum, but they just had that display. So, I wanted to show you guys all the drinks and food items that they had out. Now, I'm going to do some trivia. Take a little moment, do some trivia. Going to pop down to Triton Lounge right now and do some real quick general Disney trivia. Oh, it's looking good for me. I might be able to win this trivia. Yeah, we did it. We got a medal. We originally tied. There was another person in here with me named Jen. And the final question was, "What year did Princess and the Frog take place?" place and I put 1928 and it was 1926. So, I got the tiebreaker. We decided to both of us get medals. So, we did it. All right. I wanted to head into Cask and Cannon real quick. There is sports trivia here in just maybe like an hour or 30 minutes, but we're going to head inside and have a look around first cuz as of right now, there's nobody in here. So, we can have a sneaky little look around real quick. So, the first thing I wanted to point out is up here on the ceiling there's a treasure map or a map here. And the artwork is inspired by the original artwork by legendary Disney artist Mark Davis. And you'll also notice if you count all the ships that you see, there are seven ships on the ceiling representing these seven current Disney Cruise Line ships. Like this Dead Men Tell No Tales. And if we come over here and we look, there's a wood carving around the windows. It is very bright outside, so I have to be kind of close. [Music] It's pretty neat to like look around at the things. There are different references to different scenes from the ride. Like take for instance the chickens here. This is like would be the Burning Village scene. And I feel like this is the hat that the guy is wearing as he's trying to step into the boat where it's like rocking back and forth. He has one foot in and one foot out on the accordion for the band. Yeah. Okay. I'm feeling it. You can see the bar over here is made up of stacked treasure chests. This takes inspiration from the treasure rooms and captain quarters from the films. There's some map drawers on the side of the bar here. And each one represents a different scene from various versions of the ride of Pirates of the Caribbean around the world. Blue Bayou would be in California. And then where's Treasure Cove? Treasure Cove would be in Shanghai. And then if we're looking at the screens here, see more of the the map that was inspired by Mark Davis. And that's what's up on the ceiling. So this is kind of going through what we see on the ceiling. Casking cannon established 1706. And if you guys remember back, I told you we need to remember the number 706 because that is the whole number of the Destiny. Caskin Cannon established 1706. I got various nods to the ride here. Like I like this. It's like a dog with keys in its mouth. And there's the the concept art from the scene. This is in the queue in Magic Kingdom. Now I'm not as familiar with the movies as I am with the ride. Does anybody know if these swords are specific to anybody from the movies? I like this loose cannon IPA back there. A piratey themed beer. If you see back here behind the bar, there's these chests here, and those are for a drink that they serve here called Dead Man's Chest. And it's for two people. It is made with Zakapa 23, Solero rum, pineapple, lime juice, agave nectar, and coconut froth. And then they serve it inside this chest, and when they open up the chest, smoke comes out. We're still looking for a Siamese coin. So, in Pirates of the Caribbean, they have their pieces of eight that were an important symbol in pirate lore. Oh, they're the nine pieces of eight. So, there are nine pieces of eight from the movie, and they are used to bind Calypso, and they're just normal items. And so, they're here woven into the carpet. I'm going to try to see if we can find them all in the carpet here. Okay, the first one, a Queen of Spades playing card from Chioal. And then we found the Siamese coin woven into Moroccan beads for Don Raphael, Esmeralda, and Jack Sparrow. Then this was the spectacles with fishing line and hook for Ching's husband or mistressqing. Then there was the Peter Brandy goblet from Aman the Corsair right there. And then what was over here? Oh, the wooden eyeball for Barbosa. Then the broken bottleneck with cork on a string for Edward Villain Noeva. Then the pair of tobacco hutters for Grandmama or King Samuel or Gentleman Jockard. Then this one was the calf horn snuff box for Sir Sam Angari. I think this is Jack's compass here on the ground. Okay, this one was the Jade's captain knot for Sao Fang's father Lang Dao Sao Fang or Elizabeth Swan. Was that all of them? If you knew all of those and you knew and you could find them in the carpet, you truly are the greatest Pirates of the Caribbean fan that I've ever heard of because this is amazing. Like, who would even think to look down and find all these random objects? That was the idea of the pieces of eight was for them to be just random objects and here they are in the carpet as just random objects in the design. Lookout key up on the ceiling and castaway key up on the ceiling. So, all these lanterns over top of the bar here represent lanterns from each of the Pirates of the Caribbean ride cues. It was Molly. Molly told me that. Thanks, Molly. Trading trading trivia. We just did movie quote trivia and we won. This is the team. We did great mini medallions. Look at that. That's Yay. Wa! Look at this dance. She's a choreographer. We're leaving Cask in Canada. I did want to point out the hours are 5:30 to 12, but that's just for the bar to be open. So, like there is trivia throughout the day in here, but there's no bartender during the trivia. Bartender shows up at 5:30. So, I think they're doing some broadcast and you can see Minnie is out here waving cuz she is participating in the broadcast stuff. Some place that I haven't been yet is over here at Cafe Magara. You can see there's a medallion here with me on it. Different wind themes here and lightning bolts. And the theme of this gate here would be like the the gates of Mount Olympus. You can see Hercules over here on the wall. And on the other side, we've got Meg. And then the back of the seats is all the muses as well as looks like Meg over here. We got the lightning bolt on the back of the medallion there. And then on these little chairs down here. You've got Pegasus and Hercules. He's got his face on all the vases. And if you look in the wallpaper, you can see Pegasus kind of hidden in there, too. And then the lightning bolts make up the chandelier. And then there is a bronze version of the flower that Meg has when she's saying, "I won't say I'm in love." in the movie. There's a mosaic in the background here that depicts the scene where Meg finally realizes that she's in love with Wonder Boy. And then up one level, we have a little bit larger cafe Merida. You can see the carpet is Merida's family tartan. And then we have some elements like brave feeling elements in here that make up the bar. Oh, and there's also some sweet rolls from the movie. And then you've got Merida's bow up over top of the tapestry of Merida. And then around the corner, you have a piece of art here with Merida, her brothers, her mother, her father, all of her suitors, and her horse. Actually, my first time taking the back of elevators. There many more of them back here. There's eight total elevators back here. But we're headed up to Edna Alamodes, and these are the hero themed elevators. Feel like I like these pack of elevators better. They just feel better on the inside. I just like the design of the heroes better. Should also be noted that the voice in the forward elevator is Minnie and the voice in the aft elevator is Mickey. I don't know what that says about Minnie cuz she's in the villain elevators. I was going to go into Edna Alam mode sweets but it's closed for a private event right now. They're doing some interviews in there at the moment but one thing that I like being out here is they pump in the smell of sweets. Some sugary sugary smells out here in the hallway to entice you in. Stopped by Minnie's Delights real quick. They've got banana and chocolate. Chocolate and vanilla and mango and vanilla. Look at that cone. You did fantastic. Thank you. I just noticed if you look down in the atrium carpet down there, there is uh the heart-shaped herb that gave Tchala Marvel Black Panther his superpower. You see them? The purple flowers down there, the heart-shaped herbs. So, this is a unique experience to the Disney Destiny Dr. Facilia's parlor. This is in Disney studio here on deck five. So if I were to go this way, this is the atrium right here. Right, we're up on deck five, starboard side. So Dr. Facilia's parlor, there's room in there for about 8 to 12 people and they perform. We don't really know. We don't know what's going to happen in there because they don't allow photos or videos. So I'll let you know when we get out. It's at 4:30. It's 4:00 right now. And you can see already a line. So I just got out of the Dr. Facilia experience and it was good. It was very enjoyable because I like character interactions. But I could see that if you're not a character interaction fellow, you might not like want to wait for that. So in the loosest terms, it is a magic show. It is very intimate. Three people get direct interactions with Facilia. Most of the people in the room do get a one-on-one intera interaction with them, but there's three chairs at the table and eight people inside total. So, it's cool. I liked it. It was fun. I would say bring kids in there. Like, if kids aren't afraid of Dr. Silia cuz it is dark in there. He's huge. This is a large man. I would say kids are going to have their mind blown. Like, kids will really enjoy that. If you are a fan of magic, I would say that this is not like blow your mind David Copperfield level magic. It's card tricks, but it is a it is a cool interaction and I like that there is an interaction here on the ship because I was a fan of Star Cruiser and this feels very Star Cruiser-esque right there. So, I came back to the room because have a rider cam now. So, I switch into my bathing suit, run upstairs, film my RI rider cam, come back down, get ready for dinner. Like ice cream. [Music] All right, let's go. Oh, heading outside for our first drop. Oh, it's our first lift still. Sorry. Beautiful out here. Wow. That's it. We did it. We made it, everybody. Thanks, Mickey. I like the song, too. It was a good time. Just got off the Aquam. I'm going to try to ride it again tomorrow and film forward so you guys can see that. Um, we'll see if they let me. I don't know. Media sailings are a little bit different like that. They like for you to use their camera equipment and stuff like that. But we'll be on the inaugural sailing and if I can't film it tomorrow, I'll film it on that. We I need to head up to the Rose, which is the bar outside of Anante and Paulo. I have Paulo tomorrow night. Don't have Anchante on this cruise, but there's something unique about the the Rose, the actual Rose in the front of the restaurant. On my way there, I'm passing by Funnel Vision. We're watching Muppet Treasure Island because tonight is pirate night. Pirate goof up there on the upper deck. I'm gonna collect scenes from Muppet Treasure Island. And across all the cruises that we do, I'm going to try to watch the entire movie. So, in order to get to the roads, we're passing by Marceline Market 706, hall number right there. We're headed up the stairs like we're heading towards Hero Zone. If we went straight this way, we'd end up in Marceline Market, but we are going upstairs. This is the same on all three ships. Terzone is a multi-purpose space, basketball hoops, like table tennis tables back there, everything like that. This is cool. I haven't seen this before. Also, Vibe is right here. And then we are going to turn the corner and head in this direction. You can take the elevator up here, but Oh, push. There was a sign there that said push cuz we're headed over to the Rose. So, the Rose is such a fantastic venue. This is a bar that leads up to Anante and Paulo. Out in front of the rose, they have a rose. This one seems immensely bigger than all the rest. But on the wish, it's red. On the treasure, it's golden. And on this one, more petals have fallen off. So, it's a little bit a little little sparer. But this is the rose. Paulo straight ahead. Anchante off to the left there. But look at this view. You could sit in one of these chairs, have a drink, and just watch. Like, we're getting ready to pull away from Lookout. You just sit here and watch us pull away. Also, those of you guys that are filmers, set up a little time lapse right here. Ohoy, Minnie. Ready for a night full of adventure and excitement, looking for treasure, swashbuckling, treasure maps, and stuff like that. Got to make sure that the uh the ship stays safe tonight, though, right? Yeah. Also, have you ever seen Muppet Treasure Island? It's playing all the time. It's such a Oh, yeah. It's a little frightening right now. I'm sorry about that. Is it okay if we take a photo together? On my way to dinner, passing by the sanctum. All right, we're headed into 1923 for dinner. The Walt Disney side for me. I'm going to have a steak. Peppercorn steak. So, we're in 1923 right now. Headed to our table. Got some heavy Hercules. All right, here's the menu. It's the same as it is on the other two ships, but I do like the split Nappa baby romaine lettuce. And then I love the 1923 peppered fillet. I don't know that I've ever noticed that they have buen a Vista soft shell tacos before. Oh, they're they're vegetarian. So, this is the split Nappa baby romaine lettuce, Caesar dressing, heirloom grape tomatoes, parmesan roano, chabata garlic croutons. This is the 1923 peppered filet minan. Buttered long green beans, smoked bacon, crushed fingerling potatoes, ash, pink pepper cafe Oola. All right, finished dinner was good. 1923 fantastic place to eat. I will say the cut of beef wasn't as tender as I've had in the past on the other ships, but it was still very flavorful, very delicious. I'm going to run in and see if anybody's in here for Broadway music trivia. I I don't know very much. Last time I was in a room for Broadway music trivia, I didn't know anything. Also, I wanted to point out as we're passing by Saga, this is on deck 5. Each of these little tapestries on the wall are themed to the different tribes of Wakanda. Came to check on the silent DJ party. Nobody's in there yet. Stuck around for 90s music trivia and they're loving it. All right, I got 38 out of 40. The winners got 40 out of 40, so I didn't win. But right now, we're headed down to see Hercules in the Walt Disney Theater. This is exclusive to the Disney Destiny. Brand new show, but I'm excited to see it. Starts at 8:15. It's 8:05 right now. See how it goes. Hercules. So, I wouldn't suggest showing up 10 minutes before it. I would suggest giving yourself plenty of time to find a seat. I can't go the distance till I find my heroes. Come right. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Panic. How many of us reassess? Pain. Panic. Reporting for duty every night. [Applause] I just got out of Hercules. Phenomenal show. The puppets, the special effects, the singing, the story line. Phenomenal. I do have to say I was off like off to the right a little bit. Didn't have a straight on shot of the stage. Lot of set pieces blocked what I was seeing. So, if I were to see it again, I would try really hard to get center of the stage. I showed up late so I I took what I could get. But if you're seeing it, get here early. Get in the center of the theater. Like just straight on. Doesn't matter where you're at. in the center pack of seats and you will the best. Oh, so good. So good. I want to see it again. We will later in the week, but it was very good. That Donald and Daisy in their pirate outfits together on the stage. Mickey, is he going to say hi to Donald? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] So that was what they would call the kiss good night in here. That was specific for pirates night. There is another one that we'll see tomorrow that is not specific. It's just specific to the Destiny. So, I'm excited to see the one tomorrow. All right, we came up for the pirates rock and parlay party. Going to have fireworks at sea. You should see them launching out that way. [Music] [Applause] something [Music] taken. No, I'll send it out to three other captains of the Caribbean. I told them to look for the ship that rock like the seas and the hurricane. Let's make sure they know it's lost. I sound like you're trying to break out. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Don't call the waters be your ship was rocking catch [Applause] me. [Music] [Music] Right. What now? Find the rump. I love pirates. I said you'd have sparkling treasure and sparkling treasure ahead. Keep on rocking. I captain came back to the room at the end of the night and I have like a little squid. Maybe supposed to be Barbosa, I think. Maybe. But he kind of looks like a little squid guy. All right, that's going to do it for us. So, that was my first time watching fireworks from the deck down there, and I can say wholeheartedly, go up to deck 13. It's a better view of the fireworks. You got a pretty good view of the stage, but like the aqua mouse in the back, like the view with the aqua mouse in the way, not ideal. I think that if you can get up to deck 13 on the starboard side, if you're facing the screen on funnel vision to your right, that way the slide is not in your way, the aqua mouse is not in your way of viewing the fireworks and you can still look down and see the stage show. It was fantastic. Fantastic day. Hercules, phenomenal food was really good. When we saw the suite, we Wow, we did a lot, didn't we? Holy cow. We got more to do tomorrow, too. Anyway, you look at it, a fantastic day. So much to see and to do on this ship. So, I want to say thank you to Disney for having us out on this media cruise. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
