---
video_id: t72cHeVg1D0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "He's 6 Years Old Now, We Saw Hadestown & We Started A Patreon! | Birthday Home Vlog"
published: 2025-12-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t72cHeVg1D0
---
Today's video is sponsored by Aura, but more about that in just a little bit. Good morning. Today is Jackson's birthday. I got my Jackson shirt on. This is from when he was a little baby. And we have a whole setup over here for him. So, here we say it says happy birthday. And we got his little presents here. He's got a whole little setup going. Isn't that fun? Something else that's fun that I tried to plan out, I don't know how well it's going to work out because of the way that deliveries work is I have these presents here and then throughout the day he should get other presents that come in the mail. So, it'll be like he has these and he'll open these and then there'll be other ones that come. So, we'll see how that works out. You know how like deliveries go. Also, yesterday was Black Friday, so his birthday is so close to Thanksgiving. They're all scheduled for today. Like when I look at them, it all says they're coming today. So, we'll see. We were also planned to let Jackson pick everything that he's having for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And he's asked for pizza. Originally, he asked for pizza for all three. So, we're going to do pizza, eggs, and then we got bagel bites. And then he changed his mind for dinner. He wants to have tacos for dinner. We're going to go out and get tacos later. Should be pretty pretty fun. He's never had bagel bites. So, as a backup plan, I got the ingredients to make your own pizza. So, if he doesn't like the bagel bites, we can make our own pizzas for lunch. We know that he likes that. Okay, here comes Jackson and Oliver and mommy. Snorlax. Yeah, look at that. Oh, you dropped your card down. Snorlax. So, Snorlax Snorlax. That is Snorlax. How do you Snorlax? I say for so it says happy birthday. Oh, it's a pizza. Yeah. It says rice up the fun. That's Yeah. Does that say um happy birthday? It just says happy birthday. Let me read it to you, my babe. It says, "We love you so incredibly much, and we hope you have the best day ever. We are so proud of you. You are an amazing little boy. You're kind, smart, and so, so funny. And we just love every single thing about you. And we hope that six is the best year yet." Yes. I love you. What? Okay, now let me open these presents. Okay, I'll do a big s'mores. Do you like that one? Oh, buddy. Do you want me to hold him while you open your other presents? Soft. He is really soft. You can put him on your bed and snuggle him. No, I want to smuggle him. Okay. Okay. Wa. I thought that for sure the little balls would be like the hit. And I got What's this P thing? Oh, that's the bell. And I got Pikachu. And what's this ball? And this is a P ball. What's this? I don't know. You got to open it. There might be another thing in your presents that tells you what it is. So, what color is the ball? Red and yellow ring around it. So, yeah. I'm super duper strong. That's the strength of a six-year-old right there. Did you do it, bud? Holy macaroon. Play with them. Oh, are you going to put your Pikachu in there? All right. We have our Poke belt on. Let me show Let me see your belt. I'll get another character, I think. Who did you get? I get Pikachu and a Bulbasaur. Ooh, I need to fit in in a Poke Box, but I never saw them. Are they both going to fit in there? That guy. Oo. Um, Tyran um uh Tyron. Oh, this one's a lot of them. A lot of things here. The super duper extra deluxe essential handbook. Wow. It's just That's the keychain, guys. It's every single Pokemon. But look, I found the keychain. I see it. Oh, yeah. It's called the keychain. Oh, there he is. I know. I saw him. Hey, look there. Wait. I've caught this guy, but with the little gear with the X. Oh, he was right there next to the keychain guy. Where was the keychain one? Yeah. See, I caught this guy. Clink. It was this guy, Melton. Look, Pikachu. Gigantamax Pikachu. Whoa. Seal. Wait, where's that big frog guy? Where's there a frog guy? Now you'll know what every single Pokémon is and what they evolved from. Mega. Yeah, we also got a little golden book here. Yeah, it's Pokemon the ABC book. Look at this guy, Jackson. Oh, yeah. He evolves either into this guy and then into that guy or just into that guy. Man, he's going to spend hours with this book. There's another one too here, Jackson, that's similar to that. So, let's have a look at that one. See what's going on in there. This one, I think, tells you more. That's just that's a coloring book. And so, this one, I think, tells you the story of all the trainers and Nurse Joy. And then you go through all these different Pokémon. Hey, Mudkip. Oh, yeah. Mudkip. Pokemon are everywhere. Your mission to catch them. Okay. So, like where did the Pokemon go? I don't know. You'll have to open that up and find out what it is. I got it. Oh, you did? Uhhuh. Here, I'll take that. You're as strong as a six-year-old. Yeah. Twice as big round. Still don't know that what that's from. The trainer map. You want me to help you, bud? Yeah. You want to do it yourself? Whoa. Oh, perfection. The game fulls size one. We have like a travel version of this. And you were asking for the bigger size, right? Yeah. Beat the clock before it pops. Oh, this is going to be you, Jackson. Whoa. Pokemon. Oh, man. It's already talking to you. What is this? Let's have a look. What is this? It's called Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu. Pikachu. So, do you have to help Pikachu? I think so. I don't know. I've never played it before. Hello, trainer. Did you know that Pokémon are everywhere around you? My Pokemon detector will help you catch them. So, you have to use your mouth. Speaking of presents, today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. Aura Frames are a Wi-Fi connected digital picture frame that allows you to share photos to the frame from anywhere that you have access to the internet. Is there always somebody at your holiday gathering that wins the gift giving? If you know what I mean, like they always bring something that amazes everybody. Are you ready for that to be you this year? Got a little secret for you. Aura frames. These frames make the perfect gift that will delight everybody at your holiday get together. And you can even add a little second layer of surprise to it by adding photos to the frame before you give it as a gift. That way when they receive it, they open it up, plug it in, connect to their Wi-Fi, and then magically photos are already on the frame. And you don't have to worry about how many photos you add to the frame because of Aura's unlimited uploads and no subscription fee. But you don't have to take our word for it. Orao has been listed in over 495 gift guides. It's been on Wire Cutters number one list. It's been on Oprah's favorite things. It's been recommended by the Today Show, the Good Morning America, Forbes, the Wall Street Journal. This season, Aura is offering their holiday exclusive, the Stone Collection, inspired by the tones and textures of natural stones. The Stone Collection is made with premium materials and organic textures rarely found in tech, designed to naturally complent your home, and we love the way that ours looks in our kitchen. So, if you're interested in winning at giftgiving this holiday season, be sure to check out Aura Frames. And for a limited time, you could save $65 off their holiday exclusive stone collection by using the code tracker at checkout when visiting auraframes.com. So, that's auraframes.com and use the promo code tracker. The stone collection is back only for the holiday season and the deals on Cyber Monday are the best that you'll find all season long. So, be sure to order now before this deal ends. And be sure to use the code tracker at checkout. Terms and conditions do apply. Want to say thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. Okay, Jackson's playing his what is it called? Go get them Pikachu. Let's go Pikachu. What do you think, Oliver? Does it look cool? Yeah. It's kind of like Pokémon Go, but just like here in the house. It's interesting. So, one of the things that Jackson requested for his birthday was to have pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And then he said, "You know what? For dinner, I want tacos." But he still wants pizza for breakfast and lunch. So, I'm going to make pizza eggs. Cuz he's never had them. And I thought that might be a fun way to eat pizza for breakfast. Somebody else did leave a comment and said, "Oh, you should make him like a pizza, like a breakfast pizza, you know, like with a croissant dough with eggs and like a pizza with breakfast toppings." And I just wasn't sure if that was something that he would eat, but I know that he'll eat eggs. So, we're gonna do pizza eggs. But we might try the pizza, the breakfast pizza in the future cuz that it sounds good. It is a good idea. But we're going to do pizza eggs. I have some leftover pizza and some eggs. And that's all you need. So, let's make it. All right, guys. So, I have four eggs whisked. I have my leftover pizza that I'm going to cut up. So, I cut my pizza up into pretty small pieces. I'm going to put that in my pan with a little butter to get it kind of softened and let the cheese melt a little bit. And then I will add my eggs and scramble it all together. And I might even add maybe just a half a half a piece of pizza more just so it's extra pizzay. Right. So see how the cheese is already kind of melting and getting gooey. Maybe I should have put more pizza in there. But this is like the perfect time to then add your Sorry, I was not even pointing at it. To then add your eggs. Now I know this doesn't look super appetizing, but it smells so good. Just the bread, the marinara, the cheese, the egg. It just all goes so well together. Here's the birthday breakfast. This is Oliver's. This is Jackson's. So, some pizza eggs. These little pancakes that they love. Jackson doesn't like them as much as Oliver, though. And then some blueberries. There you go. Okay. Pizza were not a hit. Um, the kids will not eat them. They tried them. They didn't like them, but daddy's eating them. I like them. Yeah. Do you show everybody your shirt? There's a picture of Jackson when he was a real little baby. Yeah, we made this at Unilo when they had their like I think they still have it actually. Yeah, but you can make your own like little custom t-shirts. This is what we made. Heck yeah. Mhm. Look at you guys. You're all backlit. We We finally unpacked after the cruise. We've only been back for like 2 weeks. Yeah, we finally unpacked. It hasn't been 2 weeks, by the way. It's been like 4 days, has it? We got back on Monday on my birthday. Yeah, it's 5 days. Exactly. 5 days cuz Jackson's 5 days older than me. I mean 5 days his birthday is 5 days past mine. And then Oliver just got up from his nap. How was your nap? Uhoh. I remember the What? Oh no. Avenat. We've been playing Go Pikachu all day. It's It reminds me it's just Pokémon Go. Yeah, it's Pokémon Go, but you're not in the real world. You're in the Pokémon world. But I feel like I I like Pokémon Go better cuz you get out and do stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Is that what he did? Yeah. The only problem that I have with Pokémon Go is that they are trying to make money on Pokémon Go. Oh, what? Because it's a free game and then you use up your Pokéballs. So, in order to get more Pokéballs, you got to pay money or you have to go and find a Pokétop and that only gives you like three Poké Balls. Okay. Jackson requested hot chocolate. I also have a marshmallow. I put marshmallows in there. You want a big one? Start with that and tell me what you think. It's not too too hot, right? No. Okay. You want some hot chocolate, bud? Yeah. Do you like your birthday sprinkles on there? All right, buddy. Here's yours. You ready, Oliver? Let me just make sure it's not too hot. Can I see that? Can I taste it? Of course. I just want to make sure it wasn't too hot. What do you think about your hot chocolate? I'm eating the couch. Well, I just want to hold it for you, buddy, cuz it's it's a it's glass like a Do you like the way it tastes? I put some whipped cream and some sprinkles and some marshmallows. You like it? Oh, a couple more things came. Oh, what' you get? Wo! 15 geodess. Oh, you have to break them open, buddy. So, those are like the rocks that have the like gems inside. Remember how Jackson said he wanted pizza for dinner? you want pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And so he had he didn't actually eat the pizza eggs. He had He's eaten zero pizza today. No, he had three bites of pizza this morning. And then he said, "No, no, I want tacos for dinner. There's this place near us that he likes to get tacos from." I was like, "Okay, great. We'll do tacos." And then he said, "You know what? I just want to have normal dinner tonight like how we normally." He doesn't want to go to get the tacos. Well, I I He wanted He asked me specifically for tacos from this place where I would have gotten stuff to make tacos. So We're just switching it up. Good news. I have a backup plan. Do you remember when he said that in the last home vlog? He's like, "I bought this backup plan." And I'm like, "We don't need it." So, we have leftovers from Thanksgiving, too. Jen Jen won the the birthday gift. What? He You got him. Oh, he likes to snor. Yeah. Yeah. And I won the birthday dinner. There it is. There's the pizzas that I've made for the boys. These are turkey pepperonis. I have a question. Does anybody else have this issue with every single frozen pizza, handmade pizza, any pizza you've ever made in your life? They tell you, "Do it. Make the pizza on this bubble crust, then add your toppings, put it in the oven at 450 for 10 to 15 minutes." And I go, "Okay, I know that 15's way too long. I'll set it the the small end 10 minutes." It get overcooked. Not overcooked. I would still eat this. Is delicious to me. but like had a few little burnt spots on it. But like, man, what what I You set it for 9 minutes, I guess. Like, do you set it for under what the box says? All right, it's officially birthday dinner time. So, we're having pizza. Do you like it? Uh-huh. Daddy made it special for you. What do you think about Jackson's birthday pizza? Yeah. How old is Jackson today? Um, 16. 16. How old is Oliver today? I'm two. You're thousand. 2 million,000. Oh my goodness. You're older than the dinosaurs. Are you a dinosaur? I'm two. Oh, you're two. All right. 2 million. I'm not 60. You're 60. Jackson goes. I'm not 60. You what? I want to go. You don't want to be a teeny weeny little dinosaur? Yeah. Oh, you don't have to be. So, yeah. So, we're just having some pizza and then I think we're going to maybe break open a geode. One geode before we do all 15. All 15. I don't think we can do all 15 tonight, but we can do a few. I want to save some, right? So that you can have fun other days, too, right? No, you want to have all your fun today. Yeah. Okay. We also have to do cake, though. I know. M. Um, Shark Munch. Oh, yeah. That's Megalodon. And I'm wearing my Monster Jam shirt. Oh, why? Why? Cuz I like it. I also like it. You also like it. Thank you. I also love the pepperonis. You also love to eat pepperoni. You love monster jams and pepperonis. All right. I love that. Let me see your little goggles. Whoa. Cool dude. I do want Oh, daddy has goggles, too. Okay. All right. Let's see. Luckily, we can still use the sock. I don't think it has a big hole in it. Oh, can you show me, buddy? Oh, yeah. This one. It doesn't didn't have like the cavity in the center. Oh, is that what it was? Oh, we're searching for Pokémon in the house. Wow, this is awesome. But that's so cool. It looks like a diamond. I know. I see. Yeah. You want to go look at it? Bring it inside. So, Oliver, you got to see it in the light. Oh, yeah. Wo. It's got a lot of little pieces. Will you hold up this big piece? That's cool. Wa. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Blow it out. Big blow. Big big big. Yay. What did you wish for? I wish for a Snorlax. A Snorlax. Oh, you got it. Wish come true. Your wish came true. Okay. You ready for me to cut your cake? All right, boys. Time for some cake. Oh, man. He's digging in right away. Jackson, what do you think? I'm just taking a bite right now. You're taking the biggest the all the icing first? Yeah. Well, that was a big huge bite. Jackson, are you okay? Uh-huh. Okay. All right. It's the next morning. We had so much fun yesterday. We We ended our day with cake and then it was time to put the kids to bed. And then I immediately fell asleep with Jackson again. And I think the yesterday just made me so tired. Jackson's birthday. Is it still Jackson's birthday? Why do you say that? Because it's still Jackson's birthday. Cuz we left all the decorations up. That's true. We left them all up. And Oliver goes, "Is it still Jackson's birthday?" Um Tim finished Stranger Things last night. I told him I was like, "Watch it without me. I have to go to sleep." So he finished it. He said it was really good. So I'm going to try to watch that hopefully this week sometime. But this morning we started our morning off with breakfast and now we're coloring. What are you coloring? A Gengar. Huh? What color is he? Purple. He is purple. And then show me. Oh, so Jackson's making a bookmark. Ooh. Okay. So, a Staru. And then what's this one? A car. And then a Gastly. How' you know? Cuz you told me. Everything I know about Pokémon I learned from you, buddy. So, yeah. So, this is his bookmark. We're going to punch hole punch a little hole up here. Yay. And then we're going to put a ribbon in it. And I think maybe we'll I want to hole punch the hole right there. Oh, you want it on the this part? Okay, we can do that. And then I'll I'll laminate it with some tape so that it doesn't break. Okay. So, it's a little bit later on. And today Tim actually I forgot that he uh booked these tickets for today, but we have tickets to go see Hades Town for tonight at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts. And we've just really been on this like kick of going to see um performances there, a lot of musicals. So, I don't think I've seen a play that's not a musical. I don't I'm pretty sure I haven't. We do have one on our list that is not a musical that we are going to see during this play season, but tonight Hades Town is a musical. So, we're going to go get ready and go to go see it. I'm so excited. Neither of us have seen it. I don't know much about it, but I'm excited. So, see you guys in just a minute. And I think we'll probably see you next from downtown walking to the Dr. Phillips Center. So, see you in a second. Good evening. We're downtown Orlando again. We're going to see Hades Town tonight. I'm excited because I've heard good things about it. Yeah. But I don't know anything about it. I tried to read the wiki for it and it was confusing. So, I don't know anything about it either. So, we're going to go into this together. But, yeah, I've heard lots of good stuff about it. I'm very excited. Yeah. I'm nervous because I didn't bring a sweater and it's kind of cold tonight. Oh, it's 76°. Okay. Somebody left a comment and they said, "When you say it's cold, I wish you would give a temperature because um I want to know if it's really cold." So, there you go. I think it was Amy. So, Amy, that's for you. Never really cold. It's cold to us. Should we call it the DPC? I don't know why dads like to do that. Wait, come up with acronyms for things. Just say the thing. It's so long. Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts. Yeah. See, that took way longer than saying DPC. Also, it's Christmas time, so our skeletons are gone. Oh. Ah. Should they have like 12 foot Santaas? Oh yeah. Oh, the 12 foot reindeer from the other day. 12 foot reindeer. We didn't see Water for Elephants. We are seeing Hades Town. We're seeing the Outsiders. I think I bought tickets for An Juliet. Did Harry Potter. Bought Hell's Kitchen. I don't think I bought Kimberly. I did. And we bought six. I didn't get The Notebook. So, I think I have everything for this entire season. Well, almost everything. Everything. We missed two shows. We're going to miss two shows. Been having a really hard time recently getting seats in the center. So, I've been getting these wing seats. They're okay. We finished. We did it. We did the full play. We watched the entire thing. Okay, so here are my thoughts. Um it so the other shows that we've seen this felt like a play. Yeah. This felt like this felt like theater. Yeah. It not that the other ones weren't, but this one just felt more Say the word, say it wrong. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But it also there was a lot more like silence. Yeah. And a lot more almost like dead space where I was I kept I don't know. I was like, "Oh no, don't move in my chair." Like don't My popcorn was like crinkling. I I don't know. My hand kept getting stuck to my playable and it would be like and I was like there was just a lot of moments where it was like silent and I was like, "Oh my gosh, don't yell out a curse word or like I was telling Tim was shocked by the ending." Oh, she was shocked. I didn't realize gasp. I didn't realize that that's what how it was going to end. Yeah. So that was shocking. I also was telling Tim, but he didn't hear me earlier. Um I don't know if this is like a spoiler. It's a It's a It's you know it's like it's like spoiling the Titanic. Like it's a hit it's a thing, right? Like it you I guess should know the ending. I didn't know it but it's a Greek tragedy. I had no idea. But there's a part where uh there's like a condition that's made. I guess I won't give all the information but if you know you know where he can't turn around. If he turns around then she goes back. And so in my mind I'm like well how Okay. But then they were singing to each other. Yeah. So it's like okay like that Ariana Grande meme of like they couldn't they didn't say I couldn't sing but like better. That's what it felt like in my head the whole time that they were like in this very tense moment that me was playing in my head. So um I thought they were all very talented. I love that they were they were all very the instruments. They were playing the instruments on stage. It was cool that they didn't have the like orchestra because there were people sitting like right up next to the stage. The way that this Hades Town is is the band is a small band. Everybody's on the stage except for the drummer. He's backstage and it's like a cello, a violin, a trombone, and then a bass player, piano player, and then Orpheus plays the guitar on stage, too. Yeah. And then two of the fates, one plays violin, one plays accordion, and then the other one played like bells kind of. Yeah. And one of them was an Elsa on Disney Cruise Line. Right. I think I know which one because I think she was our Elsa. Oh. Yeah. Or jaywalking. Don't tell the police. That was fun. I enjoyed it a lot. Okay, so we're back home and I want to give a little more thoughts on Hades Town. And I'm also eating jalapeno poppers. Um, I love Arby's jalapeno poppers. They That is the one thing. Oh, I'm not even showing them to you. This is what they look like. Um, these are the things I love most from Arby's. I I don't I will also eat an an Arby's roast beef. Don't get me wrong. I love Arby's Roast Beef, but I also really love their jalapeno poppers because they have here's the the thing, but they have Bronco sauce and it is it makes the jalapeno poppers a thousand million times even more delicious. So, it's like this spicy jelly. Um, I love it. It's like habanero and then like raspberry or something. Delicious. Also, we have to move this crockot. It's just been sitting on the counter for days. But I think what it was about Hades Town, I liked it a lot. I thought it was like the music was great, the actors were great. It was great. But I think what I didn't like is that it was too heavy of subject matter. When I go see a play, I want to see something like fun, like a musical. I want it to be like a fun musical. I don't want anybody to die. I want like I I think that's what it was. I just want it to be like fun and happy and light-hearted and like if there's conflict it's like resolved and you know that's what I like. But I also I feel like because it really did touch on issues and things that are happening in the world today like literally one of the things that Hermes said was was it Hermes? might have been Orpheus, but when he said like you, what did he say about the world? Like, cheers to the world that we wish it was and like cheers to the world that we live in. Remember when he said that? Yeah. I I can't remember the exact verbiage, but it was just like stuff that we're dealing with today, like in the world. It was like a heavy subject matter, I feel like. Plus, the ending. I don't know. I don't know. I just I want it to be more light-hearted and fun, but it was a very good play. So, if you're into that, like crying and being sad, but also like talent, like super talented actors and stuff, then you'll love this play. So, there you go. Yeah. Sorry. I was telling them he was outside moving the car. Oh, but what I liked it. Tim liked it more than I did. I didn't hate it, though. I feel like I'm going to make people mad and I don't want you to be mad at me. So, anyway, tell me what you think. I want to hear all of your thoughts about Hades Town in the comments down below. Please tell me. Another thing I wanted to tell you guys is that we got a couple of things for Black Friday. And one of the things is the Echo Show 15. We just wanted one of these because we got the skylight calendar over there. And although I do like the skylight calendar, it doesn't do all the things I want it to do. And it's not as like easy as I thought it was going to be to use. Uh, I like the way it looks, but and also one thing that Jen does is she when she's cooking, she has her iPad over there. Oh, yeah. And so this is also just a TV. Like I have the remote here in my hand. I saw somebody have it on Instagram. I follow like a bunch of lifestyle people on Instagram and they all have it and they're like, "I love this thing. It changed my life." And I said, "I want one of those. Give me one." So we got the smaller one. There's a 21in version of this, too, which is pretty big. Yeah. But it also, here's something that I don't like is that it doesn't come with a stand. It comes with a wall mount. Did we buy the stand? We bought the stand. It's not here yet. It'll be here tomorrow. But like, why why not sell it with the stand and then sell the wall wall mount? Cuz they know that you want the stand. Okay. Like they know that they will make more money off of you. Jeff Bezos, he needs the money. So, as I was setting up that Echo Show, it's like a smart TV. And with smart TVs, you have to download all the different apps for the different streaming services that you have. So, I was downloading them and I downloaded HBO. And on HBO, it's like, here's a show you might like to watch, Welcome to Dair. And I asked this out of genuine curiosity. It had the option for American Sign Language. You could watch Welcome to Dair with American Sign Language. I'm trying to figure out how to ask this is like the subtitles like what's the what's the what's the difference, I guess, is what I'm asking. like what is the advantage of one over the other? Why would you pick American Sign Language over reading the subtitles? I'm guessing because there would be like emotion in the American Sign Language, but also it would take up more of the screen, right? I guess I'm just asking a genuine question like why is that there? Good morning. It's the next day. We are getting some things done for the week. I just kind of wanted to give you an update as to like what's going on because I think we missed a video. I think you guys we missed a video yesterday or the day before and we were just celebrating Jackson's birthday. But um today we have something so fun that we're filming. Yeah, we have officially started a Patreon. This is so exciting because we're filming our welcome video for you guys. So hopefully you'll go to Patreon and you'll see that. But, um, we have, uh, a few tiers and just lots of fun ways that we can connect with you guys personally. We were just kind of talking about we're going to be doing like, uh, movies. We're going to be watching movies together, watch parties, and we decided on our first movie. It's going to be December cuz it's December now, but we have a fun one, a Christmy one. So, we're excited about that. And we were just talking about um, we're also going to be doing giveaways for specifically for Patreon members. So, we're getting those things together. We'll be doing other giveaways as well, so that if you're not a member of Patreon, you can still join the giveaways, other giveaways that we're doing, but these will just be specific for Patreon. And we're just uh so excited to be rolling this out because we've never done this before. It's all new. So, yeah. But we have lots of fun ways that we're going to connect and there's going to be live streams, movie watch party. Oh, yeah. So, we've started a Discord and I didn't realize how Discord really is like its own community. So that's been really fun to like, you know, figure out and navigate. It even w it even wished me a happy birthday, which was exciting. Who knows? But yeah, so we hope to see you guys in there as well. Um, so yeah, that's what we're doing right now. All right, it is uh we've launched Patreon. So it's officially launched. We I will link it down below in case you want to check it out. But uh I'm so excited. We had a really good response and I've been chatting with you guys in Discord. Discord I didn't really understand until we started the Patreon process. But it's really cool. It's like we're texting. It's kind of like a big group chat and we've just kind of all been chatting. So, that's been really fun and I think it's just going to be a really cool way to like get to know people better than um we can do like in the comments on YouTube, you know? It's very like a smaller community so we have the chance to really talk um which is great. I don't know. I love it. But yeah, so anyway, but if you want to check out the Patreon, there's lots of really fun perks. So, there are three tiers and there are three different price points and they come with different perks. So, kind of something for everybody. But I'm really excited and I'm excited to be able to like connect more, especially through Discord. I think that's awesome. So, anyway, we are going to probably end it here. Tim and Jackson just went out for a walk and they're doing a little Pokemon, a little Pokémon Go. He I have to figure out like stuff for Christmas for him that is Pokemon related because I feel like we got everything for his birthday and I'm sure there's more. And now that I know that Pocopia Pocopia the game you guys told me the game doesn't come out till March or April. I think it's March. So obviously we can't do that one for Christmas but we're going to make sure that he has like a little um almost like a it's coming in March like an IOU for Christmas. So we are going to get it for him. It just won't be here in November or in December. So, if you have any ideas for any Pokemon lovers out there who happen to be six years old, let me know because there's lots of stuff that's more like adult, you know, but for him, he doesn't I don't know. I'm looking for kids stuff. So, yeah, he does love these books. These were a big big big hit. This one he's it's already so well loved that it's like the pages are already the pages are already like bent and stuff. He's been really going through it. And I think the thing that he likes the most is finding out what Pokemons evolve from what Pokemons and what they evolve into and like the Pokemons they evolve into. That's like his favorite thing. He's been quizzing me on. Do you know what so and so evolves from or what so and so evolves into. So that's been his his most favorite thing I think is looking through these books. He loves an encyclopedia. So uh that's good. I love that for him. I love that he loves an encyclopedia. But uh but yeah, I think we're gonna end it here and then I think we're gonna start on the Disney Destiny Maiden Voyage videos unless there's something else that has to go up before then. I'm not sure, but I think those are going to be coming up soon. So, be on the lookout for those. We had a lot of fun on that cruise. So, be on the lookout for that. And be sure to check out the Patreon if you're interested. It definitely helps to support the channel if you know that's something you want to do. Um helps us to be able to do all the stuff that we vlog. So yeah, check it out down below. And there's lots of fun perks, so hope to see you guys there. Yeah, thank you guys for watching. Thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's video. So be sure to check that out down below if you're looking for a Cyber Monday deal. That link will be down below. And I hope you guys had so much fun hanging out with us over these three days. I had a lot of fun hanging out with you. And uh with that being said, I'm going to get it right this time. With that being said, I'm off. I'll see you tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
