---
video_id: zgVQY6pZ10c
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Starting Our Holiday Christmas Shopping At Mall At Millenia, Cheesecake Factory & A Broken Phone!"
published: 2025-12-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgVQY6pZ10c
---
Good morning and happy Tuesday. It's Giving Tuesday, by the way. Um, that's what day it is. So, yesterday was Cyber Monday. Today is Giving Tuesday. We did sign up for a family volunteering shift at the uh, Second Harvest Food Bank. So, that is um, Feed Hope Now is their website if you want to check it out. But, I don't know, just something to think about if you guys are in Orlando or wherever you live. If you have a place where you can volunteer your time, if you don't have money to donate, that's something you can do. So, today's Giving Tuesday, so that's what we did. And it's a family volunteering event. So, Jackson's going to come with us, and I think that's going to be really a cool experience. So, it's from ages 5 to 9. So, um Jackson's going to come with us, which is going to be really cool. I think it'll be a a really good experience for him. Oliver won't be able to come cuz he's not old enough, but we'll definitely do it again when he is like within the age range. So, yeah. That's what we did. Giving Tuesday. But right now, we are in the car. It's a car vlog. We're headed to the mall at Millennia because Tim So, the other day we went to I'll show you in a second. Is it done? No. So, sorry. I'm laughing because of the um picture that's on Tim's. It's a picture of Oliver. He always looked Oh, no. What happened? Oh, okay. It was a text from the Second Harvest Food Bank, which is where we are volunteering. And they right now because it's Giving Tuesday, a lot of companies are matching donations dollar for dollar and they're one of them. They're matching donations dollar for dollar. So, I'm going to link them down below in case you want to check that out. Um, if you're not in the area and you want to donate to like somebody else, you know, that benefits your community. I don't know. It's a It's a good day to look for stuff like that because a lot of people are matching donations. But, we are headed to Mount Lia because the other day, you can't see it, but this this is what I was laughing at is Oliver. Um Tim has Oliver like you know the the how Apple does the like rotating background screen so it'll change pictures you know from your photo gallery. Uh this is the picture that popped up. Oliver always had this look on his face. He always looked like he always looked like shocked like surprised like concerned. He was a concerned baby. But he's so cute. It's just so funny how their faces change but so you can't see it. Let me see if I can show you. Can you kind of see that? Like rotated through. They're shiny. Yeah. His his screen is like shattered. So, we just got these phones. Can you see how it's like just completely shattered? We just got these phones and we went to go see Wicked 2 and we were at the um Point Orlando at the 40X theater and I was we were going to meet some friends to see the movie and I opened the door and as I was opening the door I see our friends. They're like standing right in the like little lobby and Tim was looking down at his phone and the door closed. Trying to get the tickets out for the movie. Well, the door closed behind me and it closed like I thought he like had the door but he dropped his phone and it just shattered. So now we have to get the the thing fixed the glass. You know what the worst part about that was? I didn't need to have the tickets out. There was nobody there checking tickets. Yeah, there was. So, Point Orlando, just like a little side note, is like a ghost town. Like, it's wild. There was nobody there. We even went to have dinner after the movie at Hampton Social Club. We We were like one of two tables in this entire The restaurant is huge. And I felt so bad. So, I don't know. I I feel like the movie theater is like keeping that place afloat. It's kind of weird. But now, we're going to get his phone fixed. We're going to head to the Maltennia. We're gonna stop by a couple places beforehand because I need to pick up a few things that are um just like our pepper grinder broke. So, I want to get a new pepper grinder and um I want to just look at maybe like a little liyl for Christmas shopping. I'm trying to think of ideas for my sister. I want to get my sister a present. Of course, the kids. Um yeah, there's a couple of spots in the Maltennia that I want to stop. Yeah. I don't know how long it's going to take to fix my phone. So, we're going to go do a little shopping in there, too. I don't know what we're going to Oh, I also want to go to the Container Store. Oh, yeah. So, we'll see if we have time to do that because I always have these like side quests that I'm doing that I don't tell Tim about. I'll be thinking about something, right? like tell me if you do this to your partner, but I'll be thinking about something and it's like something that I've been thinking about all night or all day and then I'll talk to Tim about it like he knows what I'm talking about because I feel like I've been thinking about it. Surely you know about it like like our minds are connected. You should know what I'm talking about. Um but he never does cuz I don't actually tell him. I just think about it. So, I would like to redo the shelving in our pantry so that it's uh more sturdy, more secure because the shelving that we have right now is like that wire like builder grade wire shelving that comes in every house. And so, I want to see if the Container Store cuz they did our closet. So, we did a video of like I probably 6 years ago where we redid our closet with like um built-ins and stuff like a custom, you know, type thing. And we did it at the Container Store because I saw another YouTuber had done her closet using the Container Store. And so we went to the Container Store and I was like, "Hey, I saw this YouTuber. She um did, you know, her closet." And then they pulled up her file and they told us how much her closet cost. You remember that? Yeah. They weren't supposed to do that. No, but I was like, "Oh my gosh." So that was kind of wild. But um but yeah, so that was just a side note. But so I want to go to the Container Store and just see our pantry is pretty small, so I want to see like what what would it cost to like put some like shelves, real shelves in there. You want cabinets or shelves? Yeah, I want cabinets. I'd like to do like a butcher block. Oh, with the countertop and everything. Yeah, countertop. And like some of those like floating looking shelves, you know? Yeah. Like the wooden ones. Mhm. In my brain, our pantry is like this beautiful green color. Okay, that's what that's what I picture. I'm sorry if it's loud, by the way. We're in the car and I know there's some background noise from like the road. So, sorry about that. I I can't like edit the noise in a way that doesn't sound like that. But soon we'll be inside. If it makes you feel any better, I watched an Instagram video of somebody from a helicopter and they just had our little road mics on and they like it was pretty loud and you could still sort of hear them. So, in our new Patreon Discord channel, there is a group that's specifically for um reality television. Yeah, I was just looking at it and one of the things that they talk about in there is Below Deck and like Real Housewives and stuff like that. But what I was thinking of, for whatever reason, something triggered in my brain that it would be kind of fun if somebody did an escape room based off of like Real Housewives or Below Deck. I don't know why I thought that would be fun. What do you mean? Like like you have to flip a table. Yeah. And you have to get engaged 19 times. Yeah. You have to fart while making out. You have to. He's really stuck on this. You told you told it to me 16 times. Brunwood's husband making out with her friend's friend and farting the whole time. If you know, you know. Um it's pretty silly, but also what's another thing that's very housewives. Swig. Drink. Swig. Is that a thing? Oh, yeah. You Well, that's not housewives. No, that's Mormon wives. Yeah. Um, oh, you have to your daughter has to write a song about Oh, you have to wake up in the morning and think about so many things. Things will get better. Which is really sad. It's sad that that's a meme because that whole song was written because her her mom, her parents, and her aunt and uncle are fighting, right? And so she wants them to like not be fighting. She wants to have this like reunited like family. And so she makes this song and it turns into this meme where she's like made fun of, which is sad. But then she kind of like took it back and now she makes money off of it. It's like she has merch and stuff, but it's still really sad that that's what that turned into. But yeah, the Discord is really fun. I know I talked about it yesterday, but I was chatting. We were just like chatting. It really feels like you're just texting. We were talking about what we had for dinner. We're trying to figure out the next book for the book club. And it's the book club thing is hard because we all read different things. So I don't know if there should be like sub subg genres. Start out with like a standard. No. like you should read Frankenstein. That's actually what Brit was reading. Oh, she was like, I'm reading Frankenstein because I just watched the Netflix show. Oh. Movie, but I don't I want to I don't want to read that. Frankenstein was pretty good. I think I want to read Project Hail Mary. That was like one of the top ones on my list, which is that new Ryan Gosling movie that's coming out. But everybody said the book was like so so good and so they hope that the movie does it justice. So, I really want to read the book. And then there's a few books. So, I follow this guy on Instagram, which I talked about in the Discord chat, but I follow this guy on Instagram. His name is called Baker Reads, and he does a lot of horror. That's like what he does. He reviews like horror books, but he always does these lists of like these are the books you should read if you're looking for this like horror thriller, horror, you know, body horror, like whatever. He does these different breakdowns. And so he I have a million books from him that I want to read that like that he's listed, but I know not everybody in the Discord chat is like into what I'm into. So I don't know. But yeah, it's pretty fun. So the escape room. Yeah. What would another thing be? The uh It would be like That's just my opinion. Yeah. On below deck. The below deck when you have to like do a like write a song. Didn't they have to do that one time? They the the charter guests make them do a lot of weird stuff. Yeah, that's why it would make a great escape room. You'd have to like bury crystals in your in your house in your in your foundation of your house or like put nine lemons in a bowl or you'd have to like sing a cabaret song or there's just so many things you'd have to do to escape from this from this thing. Oh, we're here. There's the Container Store. Are we going there first or let's go to Target first? No, I got to go here first because I can't get to the Container Store if I go to Target first. We're going to the Container Store, baby. It's open. Okay, they don't open till 10:00. Let's just go to Crispy Cream, baby. Hot donuts now. Oh, yeah. They have hot donuts. So, instead, first we're going to head to um a couple of other stores and then we're going to go back when they open. Panda Express. I do I love Panda Express, but my stomach Sorry, we just passed by a Panda Express that's next to the Crispy Cream. My stomach does not love Panda Express. I love it though. Do you guys have stuff like that? I love Chipotle. I can't eat it. It hurts my stomach. Like every time I eat it, I get sick. But Oh, there's a Zach Bees over here. Oh, yeah. That'll make you sick. Um, it will. All right. So, anyway, we're going to head in and do a little more shopping before or like looking. We're going to do a little more looking and then we're going to go look. We're going to go to the Container Store. Kept trying to go in the non- entrance. Oh my goodness. It started open at 7 until midnight. Holy mackerel. Look at this guy. Every time we come, Oliver's like, "Who's that man? Who's that man? Who's that man?" It's cold in here. Oh, it's a good thing I gave you my sweater. Look at these. Are these real or are they fake? That's real. Are they real? Yeah, they're real. I know. I got to get a different cart. This one's full out. Oh no. Is this just rosemary? Yeah. My goodness. That is a huge rosemary bush. Yeah. We need like a whole house scarf. Doesn't that look like a giant scarf for like your house? I want to get a um advent calendar for Jackson. He asked me to make him one. So, I saw this where you put like the cups with the tissue and then you break one. Okay. He said, "Can you make me one?" So, I think we I want to do that for him. Okay. I want to just buy one. That's That's me. We're buying a table for next to the tub. I just like the the look of the It's on sale. It's on sale. Yeah. It's down $20. That's a sale. That's good. I'm just saying. $20. We need a weird vase. Oh, it's a candle holder. I should get like one of those like a Ebanese or Scrooge, you know? Or like a new modern one that wears a fur stocking. See, this is cool. Like a squawk a squawk hat. And it looks like it's old. I like that. That's fun. Oh my gosh. I just finished it last night. I can't I can't do spoilers. I really want to talk spoilers with you guys. Yeah, because I read a theory and I said it to Tim before I finished the last and I had already watched it. Yeah. And he's like, "Hm." And it ended up like it. I wish I could talk to you about it. Yeah. Look at that. Can you see? I got goosey bumps. That's a fun Christmas shirt. Oh, it tells you all the places that it goes. Goes Antarctica. Ooh, we have this this jacket for the kids, and Jackson used to wear it all the time. Should I get one? I like this one that just says Levis's on it. So, here's the thing. I feel like I deserve to be in a colder climate, but I don't like colder climates. Oh my gosh. Like, I have an issue buying jackets. Well, yeah, but you have so many. I have so many. But look at this. This is awesome, right? Like that's a cool jacket. Jen disappeared. What do you call this kind of shirt? A chamisole. A chamisole. I got this for you. Every single article of clothing here reminds me of Paris Hilton in the '90s. I got to say, for a a title of something called Cozy Club, this lady is sitting like in the most uncomfortable position I've ever seen. Like I'm not That doesn't look cozy to me. You're looking for cardigans, you say? Love me. Love me. Say that you love me. Not like that. Oh, sorry. You don't want a jean jacket? You're on a jean jacket. Cake. I actually used to have a jean jacket that I loved so much. Is it not a real cardigan? No, it is a real cardigan. It's very soft. Oh. Oh, yeah. That looks nice. I didn't realize that pepper grinders were so expensive. This one's $23. I want to get one of these. And the set here is 50 for both. M. Oh. Does this one You don't grind it? No, that one just shakes it. Right. What does the bottom look like? Yeah, I think you just shake it. But I want to do coarse salt like a cheater. We need to make sure that we get our Shrek holiday kitchen towels. I like how you could put this doormat out for Christmas and then when Christmas is done, you're just like surprised. Oh. Oh. Oh, they have the little Mickey waffle makers and this one's for Christmas. That one's Stitch for Christmas right there, too. Hot. Oh, it's ice cream maker. That's what I like that this one's Mickey and Minnie together. Oh, Donald and Daisy. So, one cruise when we stayed in one of the suites, they had an espresso maker, but it also had the milk frother on it, but it wasn't this huge dongi thing, which is I don't know how much it is, but on Cyber Monday, I saw it online and it was like normally $500. Right now, $2.92. And I was like, "Oh." And they're like, "Act now." And then I checked this morning. It was the same price. So, don't believe everything you read, kids. Yeah. This one right here. $800, man. But I don't want to spend $800 on a coffee maker. But I do want one that has this thing so that I can just put the milk in there and then not worry about having to like have a separate container to like froth my milk here or do cuz we have one of these too and it's I don't it's it works but like I don't like how it works. I wish it was easier to clean and everything like that. Like I wish I could just pop it in the dishwasher but I can't because it's got electronics in it. Sometimes when I get lost in the store I go mom. Mom. Yeah. This is what we need. You can make your own. Whoa. What are these things that they're making? Like huge shortbread cookies. I think they're pancakes. What? Yeah, it's a pan. Learn to make pancakes. Oh. Oh, look. It's got like the little bottle and everything. Oh, I never like the bottle thing was always weird because you waste so much. Like you can't get it out like when you're done. Yeah. Like you're you're wasting so much mix. That's Here's the thing that I don't learn to make pancakes. Oh, this is like a color tablecloth. We should get this so they can color it. Yeah. Yeah, but like Jackson makes pancakes with me all the time and it doesn't have all this stuff. We use literally two things. Well, I guess if you make like from scratch. Oh, okay. We're not the from scratch parents. Sorry. We walked outside and it's pouring outside. Okay, so now it's time for Tim's appointment to fix his phone. We got a couple of things that we needed. A couple of things that I didn't necessarily know that I needed. But so now we're headed over to Mallet Millennia. It is raining, so that's fun. I'm wearing long jeans. Maybe not the best day to wear long jeans when it's raining, but I'm happy that it's not a million degrees. Silver lining. It's not a million degrees, so that's that's good. Okay, so we're pulling up to the mall at Millennia. We got to park by the Cheesecake Factory. Oh no. Oh, who's Earl? And why does he have a kitchen and a bar? I don't know. Is this like is that the same Earl of Sandwich? It's Earl of Sandwich's like more fancy brother Earl's kitchen. Oh, there's a PF Chains. I haven't been to PF Chens in so long. Do you guys have a mall near you that has valet parking like this one does? I know every time every time we come to this mall we tell the story about how when it first opened you had to be over 18 or come with an adult and there was a dress code and that was like you know decades ago so it's it's changed but it used to be the very fancy mall. It's still the very fancy mall but you don't have to look as fancy going in. Yeah. Back in the day I wouldn't have been able to wear this hat. Yeah. Also, the last time we were here, so we ate at Capitol Grill the last time we were here, like a long time ago, and they have a dress code, but we were just dressed for shopping, so we had like jeans and a t-shirt. And um they said we I was like, "We're not really dressed to eat here, but there was nobody in there." It was lunchtime. And they're like, "You can eat here, but you have to sit outside." That's the kind of mall it is. But this is the place where the Apple store is, so we're here. I also drove a trailer here one time and they made me park in a specific spot at the mall. Well, when I used to work here, so I used to I used to work at this retail store and there was a location here in the mall. It's closed now, but they um I was helping out this store one day and I didn't realize you can't park as an employee in the parking lot where like the shoppers park. I had to park by IKEA, which if you know this mall, IKEA is very far away. So, that's the other thing. They like don't want the workers like parking anywhere where the shoppers can see, which I think is so weird. Can't see them. Yeah, they're like um No, no shopper, no workers work here. I don't see any cars parked. So, you had to walk all the way from IKEA. But we're going to head in for Tim's appointment. Here we are. The mall at Millennia. Look at the size of this Christmas tree in here. It's so big. Where do you store that? It's real. It's real. Wow. They store it in the forest. Oh my goodness. It is real. That's like that M&M's commercial. It's not real, but it is real. It is real. Is it real? No, it's not. It's 100% fake, but you can imagine. I want to take a picture of it. Listen to how wet it was outside. Okay, we're here at the Apple store. It's crazy in here. We came into the Apple store. It's kind of a mess in here, isn't it? It's a lot of people. Everybody's got a cracked phone. Well, it's funny because when we walked in, there was somebody using the glasses that like to go and he was just like I'm like, "What is he doing in there?" I don't know. He's like performing surgery maybe. Is that what they use it for? No. Oh, but you could you could there's like surgery simulator. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a like a steam game that's for sillies. That's what doctors get their certification now. No. That's what Jen Els is going to become doctors. Oh. Did you get to get to level 87 of surgery for? No, it was level 67. Oh, yeah. So, we made an appointment for a cracked screen on an iPhone and we got here and they said we don't have that part so they have to order it. So, I've come back on Thursday to have them actually replace it. Make another appointment. It's kind of silly. It feels It feels like uh I understand that like some things people might not know what's wrong with their phone, so they wouldn't know what parts they need. Yeah. But if I make an appointment for a cracked screen and you know what kind of phone I have, make sure you have the part that I think I need. If I can't come to this store, there's other options. It's a new phone, too. So, it's not like you're asking for like a 15, you know? I don't know. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, kind of silly. A little annoying, but at least we're at the mall at Millennia and there's a cheesecake factory here. Oh, let's order every cheesecake. Oh, it got way busier in here. All right, tell me if you would trust this. They said, uh, it'll either be here today or tomorrow. So, as soon as you get the call, just come in and like leave the leave the phone just like it'll be done. Like, how fast will it be done? I don't know. Will it be done in the same amount of time as if I had an appointment? Cuz they're like, you don't need to make an appointment. Just just come. It'll be fine. See, like I'd love to wear like a long duster style trench coat like this made purely out of wool. I like this one. Oh, yeah. But it's a million degrees here. We dying of heat exhaustion in that thing. I know. But it is cool. I like that it's like looks like it's made for a doll. Okay. And we did a little bit of Christmas shopping. I don't want to show it cuz it's for my sister and I don't want my grandma to tell her, right? So, not going to show it. But we did get my sister. Okay. I don't mean to alarm anybody, but I think Santa's here. He's in our mall right now. Let's see. Oh, there he is. It's Santa. Oh, I didn't know we had like a country store in here. All I want for Christmas is Boots. Smells like leather. Oh, no. Gucci. How am I supposed to do my shopping? Want to go inside Bloomingdales. We stopped into Tiffany's and I asked them for breakfast and they said, "We don't do that here." I said, "What about I know. That's what I said. And I said, "What about it?" So, but they didn't have it. There's a return to the jazz age. Somebody call Ryan Gosling. He's got to save jazz. Here's the thing about department stores. Oh, this is cute, though. It's all different departments. No, it's different brands. Different brands. So, if you're like, I want a cardigan, you can't just find a cardigan. You have to be like, I want an All Saints cardigan. But I don't. That's not what I want. I need a a a polo cardigan. Uh, Versace is coming, so that's good. You know, there's the Pottery Barn. So, I think I'm gonna just maybe go to like American Eagle. Honestly, I probably am just going to look on Amazon for cuz it's too hard to shop in there, right? And go in here and buy a rock. Excited for it. I was trying so hard to do that trend with him and I couldn't figure out how to put the camera somewhere where he wouldn't know. I keep trying to convince Jen that we should get this this love side couch. Couch. Oh man, it's so ugly. Very comfortable. How do I look? You look relaxed. Like you're in front of a brick wall. Like you're in a loft in New York City. New York City. Yeah. I do. It is. It's hard to get out. Oh, that was the You wanted the the deeper one. I like the deep one because I have a big butt so I need more butt space. Oh, they set us right underneath the speaker. But we're at Cheesecake Factory. Look at that. You've got your notebook. I got your dictionary. Take a test later. There's literally 21 pages. So, I saw somebody on Instagram. They ordered this. The pizza the bottom of the pizza was a fried chicken. Remember that dish? Yeah. Yeah. You should order that. No. If there's anything that makes me want to eat cheesecake, it's this song. Why is it so loud? These are directly underneath the speaker. Also, we must be in the freezer or something. You want your sweater back? No, no, I'm fine. I've been trying to find a a cardigan all day. I know. You can't find a cardigan to save your life. Holy cow, this thing is gigantic. Is that Justin Bieber? I'm going to have leftovers. Oh, yeah. I just got a steak. Nice and easy. All right, we are leaving the mall at Millennium. We going to go pick Jackson up from school. It was a good time. I enjoy the mall, you know. It brings me back to my childhood. I think like it was a good a good like looking day, you know, to try to look and see what kind of gifts we can give people for this holiday season. We only got one thing. We just got something for my sister, but I saw a couple of other things. So, we're about like 120th of the way done with our holiday shopping. Pretty good. We still got, you know, like uh 22 days. Yeah. Present a day. Present a day. We're good to go. The kids are watching Prep and Landing after dinner. By the way, it's much later in the day. We're back home, baby. Yeah. I'm still eating my salad. We didn't tell you guys about um cuz Cheesecake Factory was just way too loud. But um the food was really good. Yeah, I enjoyed my steak. Yeah. Delish. No, that wasn't the first thing I was going to get. Normally, I get like fried macaroni and cheese balls or, you know, I wanted to get the cheeseburger egg rolls, but the salad looked good and it was good. Something really funny is happening on TV. So, did did you already say they're watching Prep and Landing? I think so. Just I think what I just said. I think I said that already. We're trying to introduce them to it because they're part of the uh Christmas season at Disney World, right? And they seem to be loving it. the keep rewinding one section. Oh. Oh my gosh. Are going to fall on his head. Oh, speaking of Is it so funny? Yes. Watch it. Speaking of They're loving it. Reminds me of the McDonald's. So, somebody in the chat was saying there's McDonald's like a Grinch meal. Grinch McDonald's. I think they were saying it was the Grinch and they It's like dill pickle. It's like pickle and you get a pickle seasoning packet to like shake up I think with your fries. I I've read it very quickly. I have to go back and read it. But sounds kind of good. I kind of want that. I can't remember the last time we had McDonald's, but I kind of want it. Right. I do know that it was when So Jackson asked for Jackson asked for McDonald's I don't know probably two years ago at this point. He asked for old McDonald's. Yeah. He goes, "I want to go to Old Cuz we were going by McDonald's." He's like, "What's that?" And I said, "McDonald's." He goes, "Like old McDonald's?" And I'm like, "No." But that's very cute. He didn't want to go. So we did. We went and I don't know if he was too impressed. No, he was like, "Oh, yeah." But chicken nuggets. He did try it one time. Uh, so yeah. So today was awesome. We got to do some of our like holiday. This is like the beginning of our holiday vlogs. Oh, yeah. So I Tomorrow you should be seeing our cruise, our Destiny cruise, our family cruise. That's going to be I think it's going to be four videos and then we'll get into like the holiday vlogs. Then we got another cruise. Oh, wait. Yeah, we do have one more cruise left for our for your New Year's Eve resolution. New Year's resolution. I have to say, as much as I love cruising, I don't ever want you to make that your resolution again. No, I'm going to do it all in one month next time. No, no, it's too many. It's a lot. It's just too many. So, uh I think next year your resolution should be something more like you know how we always say that in our New Year's res like our our eggs we see like the Eiffel Tower. Maybe we should really go see the Eiffel Tower. Okay. I don't know. Let us know. What do you think? I really want to go. Okay. But I think we have to wait for the construction at Disneyland Paris. Is that done? It's almost done. They're opening up Frozen Land. Okay. So, I think it's I think it's time. So, anyway, yeah, I think we're going to end it here. So, hope you guys enjoyed following along. All in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
