---
video_id: 8yqDW0A-Vpo
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Cute Little Backyard Picnic, Book Club Fail & We Have The Coolest Kids! | Cozy Home Vlog"
published: 2025-12-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yqDW0A-Vpo
---
Good morning. Today's video is sponsored Good morning. Today's video is sponsored Good morning. Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames, but more on that in just by Aura Frames, but more on that in just by Aura Frames, but more on that in just a little bit. Good morning and happy a little bit. Good morning and happy a little bit. Good morning and happy Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. So, today So, today So, today uh what are you guys doing today? uh what are you guys doing today? uh what are you guys doing today? &gt;&gt; We're going to go watch the Spongebob &gt;&gt; We're going to go watch the Spongebob &gt;&gt; We're going to go watch the Spongebob movie. movie. movie. &gt;&gt; So, they're going to go see the &gt;&gt; So, they're going to go see the &gt;&gt; So, they're going to go see the Spongebob movie. And I I didn't think Spongebob movie. And I I didn't think Spongebob movie. And I I didn't think that Oliver would sit through the that Oliver would sit through the that Oliver would sit through the Spongebob movie, so we just opted for Spongebob movie, so we just opted for Spongebob movie, so we just opted for two tickets. So, they're going to go. two tickets. So, they're going to go. two tickets. So, they're going to go. Oliver, we're going to I don't know Oliver, we're going to I don't know Oliver, we're going to I don't know what's going on here. what's going on here. what's going on here. &gt;&gt; I want a taco. &gt;&gt; I want a taco. &gt;&gt; I want a taco. &gt;&gt; You're going to have a taco? &gt;&gt; You're going to have a taco? &gt;&gt; You're going to have a taco? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He says, "I want a taco." Oh, &gt;&gt; He says, "I want a taco." Oh, &gt;&gt; He says, "I want a taco." Oh, &gt;&gt; we're going to hang out here while they &gt;&gt; we're going to hang out here while they &gt;&gt; we're going to hang out here while they do that. do that. do that. &gt;&gt; Okay, buddy. Um, okay. I'll be right &gt;&gt; Okay, buddy. Um, okay. I'll be right &gt;&gt; Okay, buddy. Um, okay. I'll be right back. But they're going to go see the back. But they're going to go see the back. But they're going to go see the Spongebob movie. All right. So, we did Spongebob movie. All right. So, we did Spongebob movie. All right. So, we did go on a little golf cart ride around the go on a little golf cart ride around the go on a little golf cart ride around the neighborhood. What did we see? Well, neighborhood. What did we see? Well, neighborhood. What did we see? Well, yeah, we're having snacks right now in yeah, we're having snacks right now in yeah, we're having snacks right now in the backyard. We're having a little the backyard. We're having a little the backyard. We're having a little picnic. But what did we see on our golf picnic. But what did we see on our golf picnic. But what did we see on our golf cart ride? cart ride? cart ride? &gt;&gt; Oh, um, playground. &gt;&gt; Oh, um, playground. &gt;&gt; Oh, um, playground. &gt;&gt; Oh, we did. We went to the playground. &gt;&gt; Oh, we did. We went to the playground. &gt;&gt; Oh, we did. We went to the playground. We have a few playgrounds in our We have a few playgrounds in our We have a few playgrounds in our neighborhood. And then we saw some neighborhood. And then we saw some neighborhood. And then we saw some Christmas decorations that usually we Christmas decorations that usually we Christmas decorations that usually we see at night, but we saw them in the see at night, but we saw them in the see at night, but we saw them in the daytime. So, that was cool. We saw some daytime. So, that was cool. We saw some daytime. So, that was cool. We saw some puppies. A lot of people were walking puppies. A lot of people were walking puppies. A lot of people were walking their dogs, so that was awesome. And we their dogs, so that was awesome. And we their dogs, so that was awesome. And we drove around. I let you pick where we drove around. I let you pick where we drove around. I let you pick where we went. I said, "Should we go right or went. I said, "Should we go right or went. I said, "Should we go right or left?" Whenever we went to the stop left?" Whenever we went to the stop left?" Whenever we went to the stop sign, so you were my little navigator. sign, so you were my little navigator. sign, so you were my little navigator. That was cool. So Tim and Jackson went That was cool. So Tim and Jackson went That was cool. So Tim and Jackson went to the movie and they I guess they to the movie and they I guess they to the movie and they I guess they postponed the movie for 45 minutes. So postponed the movie for 45 minutes. So postponed the movie for 45 minutes. So the movie started 45 minutes late, so I the movie started 45 minutes late, so I the movie started 45 minutes late, so I think it just started. So they're going think it just started. So they're going think it just started. So they're going to be gone a little bit. to be gone a little bit. to be gone a little bit. &gt;&gt; And what? Oh, you're having some fruit &gt;&gt; And what? Oh, you're having some fruit &gt;&gt; And what? Oh, you're having some fruit snacks. snacks. snacks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, these. &gt;&gt; Yeah, these. &gt;&gt; Yeah, these. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that one. It looks like those &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that one. It looks like those &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that one. It looks like those old Jell-O molds. old Jell-O molds. old Jell-O molds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let me see. Oh, just kidding. &gt;&gt; Let me see. Oh, just kidding. &gt;&gt; Let me see. Oh, just kidding. [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] Yeah. So, we're just sitting outside in Yeah. So, we're just sitting outside in Yeah. So, we're just sitting outside in the backyard and we're having a little the backyard and we're having a little the backyard and we're having a little picnic. I got these for a little treat picnic. I got these for a little treat picnic. I got these for a little treat for after we eat some snacks. We're for after we eat some snacks. We're for after we eat some snacks. We're going to have these chocolate Christmas going to have these chocolate Christmas going to have these chocolate Christmas pretzels, pretzels, pretzels, limited edition. And I got this as a limited edition. And I got this as a limited edition. And I got this as a little snack for myself. These are um little snack for myself. These are um little snack for myself. These are um honestly love them so much. They're just honestly love them so much. They're just honestly love them so much. They're just like little fruit and chia seeds. like little fruit and chia seeds. like little fruit and chia seeds. They're great. They're great if you like They're great. They're great if you like They're great. They're great if you like need something really quick. need something really quick. need something really quick. &gt;&gt; What What do you see? &gt;&gt; What What do you see? &gt;&gt; What What do you see? &gt;&gt; This blue ball. &gt;&gt; This blue ball. &gt;&gt; This blue ball. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. The ball's been out here for a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. The ball's been out here for a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. The ball's been out here for a long time and we forgot to bring it long time and we forgot to bring it long time and we forgot to bring it inside. inside. inside. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just laying down. I love this so much. &gt;&gt; Just laying down. I love this so much. &gt;&gt; Just laying down. I love this so much. &gt;&gt; My little snack. &gt;&gt; My little snack. &gt;&gt; My little snack. &gt;&gt; You're just doing your snack. You are so &gt;&gt; You're just doing your snack. You are so &gt;&gt; You're just doing your snack. You are so cute. cute. cute. &gt;&gt; You are the cutest little babe. &gt;&gt; You are the cutest little babe. &gt;&gt; You are the cutest little babe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you're cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you're cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you're cute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. When Tim and Jackson get back. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. When Tim and Jackson get back. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. When Tim and Jackson get back. I'm excited to see if Jackson sat I'm excited to see if Jackson sat I'm excited to see if Jackson sat through the whole movie. We'll see. through the whole movie. We'll see. through the whole movie. We'll see. That's kind of like a sometimes he does, That's kind of like a sometimes he does, That's kind of like a sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn't type of thing. So sometimes he doesn't type of thing. So sometimes he doesn't type of thing. So excited to see what happens. Oh, and excited to see what happens. Oh, and excited to see what happens. Oh, and then I don't know if you guys remember then I don't know if you guys remember then I don't know if you guys remember when we showed you our plumerias, how when we showed you our plumerias, how when we showed you our plumerias, how the leaves had all fallen off, but they the leaves had all fallen off, but they the leaves had all fallen off, but they were starting to grow back. Look at were starting to grow back. Look at were starting to grow back. Look at this. It's growing. Do you see the this. It's growing. Do you see the this. It's growing. Do you see the leaves right there? Like right there and leaves right there? Like right there and leaves right there? Like right there and right there and right there. The leaves right there and right there. The leaves right there and right there. The leaves are back. They're back, baby. All right. are back. They're back, baby. All right. are back. They're back, baby. All right. So, we're we're trying our special So, we're we're trying our special So, we're we're trying our special chocolatecovered chocolatecovered chocolatecovered Christmas tree pretzels. What do you Christmas tree pretzels. What do you Christmas tree pretzels. What do you think, buddy? think, buddy? think, buddy? &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; He said, "I want to eat the whole bag." &gt;&gt; He said, "I want to eat the whole bag." &gt;&gt; He said, "I want to eat the whole bag." And I said, "I don't know about that And I said, "I don't know about that And I said, "I don't know about that one." It's so nice outside, though. If one." It's so nice outside, though. If one." It's so nice outside, though. If you are in an area where you can just you are in an area where you can just you are in an area where you can just hang out outside if it's not too hot or hang out outside if it's not too hot or hang out outside if it's not too hot or too cold. Um, highly recommend. It feels too cold. Um, highly recommend. It feels too cold. Um, highly recommend. It feels great just being in the fresh air. great just being in the fresh air. great just being in the fresh air. &gt;&gt; Are you all done? You have chocolate all &gt;&gt; Are you all done? You have chocolate all &gt;&gt; Are you all done? You have chocolate all over your hands. I think maybe we'll over your hands. I think maybe we'll over your hands. I think maybe we'll head inside and we'll wash our hands. head inside and we'll wash our hands. head inside and we'll wash our hands. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. I think we will. No. &gt;&gt; No. I think we will. No. &gt;&gt; No. I think we will. No. &gt;&gt; Here we are. We're at the Regal Cinema. &gt;&gt; Here we are. We're at the Regal Cinema. &gt;&gt; Here we are. We're at the Regal Cinema. We're watching in 3D, too. Jackson, you We're watching in 3D, too. Jackson, you We're watching in 3D, too. Jackson, you excited to see it in 3D? excited to see it in 3D? excited to see it in 3D? &gt;&gt; How's it 3D? &gt;&gt; How's it 3D? &gt;&gt; How's it 3D? &gt;&gt; How's it 3D? We put on special glasses &gt;&gt; How's it 3D? We put on special glasses &gt;&gt; How's it 3D? We put on special glasses and we watch it in 3D. and we watch it in 3D. and we watch it in 3D. &gt;&gt; Spongebob the movie. The search for &gt;&gt; Spongebob the movie. The search for &gt;&gt; Spongebob the movie. The search for Squarepants in theaters in 10 December Squarepants in theaters in 10 December Squarepants in theaters in 10 December &gt;&gt; Two thumbs up. &gt;&gt; Two thumbs up. &gt;&gt; Two thumbs up. &gt;&gt; What was your favorite part? &gt;&gt; What was your favorite part? &gt;&gt; What was your favorite part? &gt;&gt; Um, the roller coaster. &gt;&gt; Um, the roller coaster. &gt;&gt; Um, the roller coaster. &gt;&gt; The roller coaster part. There a lot of &gt;&gt; The roller coaster part. There a lot of &gt;&gt; The roller coaster part. There a lot of funny parts. funny parts. funny parts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Were there scary parts? &gt;&gt; Were there scary parts? &gt;&gt; Were there scary parts? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. You didn't find any of like the &gt;&gt; No. You didn't find any of like the &gt;&gt; No. You didn't find any of like the ghosty stuff scary? ghosty stuff scary? ghosty stuff scary? &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; No. I thought it would have been a &gt;&gt; No. I thought it would have been a &gt;&gt; No. I thought it would have been a little bit spooky for you. So, yeah. I little bit spooky for you. So, yeah. I little bit spooky for you. So, yeah. I thought that there was definitely some thought that there was definitely some thought that there was definitely some parts that I thought for sure you were parts that I thought for sure you were parts that I thought for sure you were going to find were a little bit going to find were a little bit going to find were a little bit spookier. All right. There you go. spookier. All right. There you go. spookier. All right. There you go. That's our review. It was good. And now That's our review. It was good. And now That's our review. It was good. And now that you've heard our Spongebob review, that you've heard our Spongebob review, that you've heard our Spongebob review, let's have a word about today's sponsor. let's have a word about today's sponsor. let's have a word about today's sponsor. &gt;&gt; Today's video is sponsored by &gt;&gt; Today's video is sponsored by &gt;&gt; Today's video is sponsored by Auraframes. Auraframes are a Wi-Fi Auraframes. Auraframes are a Wi-Fi Auraframes. Auraframes are a Wi-Fi connected digital picture frame that connected digital picture frame that connected digital picture frame that allows you to share photos to the frame allows you to share photos to the frame allows you to share photos to the frame from anywhere you have access to the from anywhere you have access to the from anywhere you have access to the internet. Have you ever wished that you internet. Have you ever wished that you internet. Have you ever wished that you could let your loved ones know just how could let your loved ones know just how could let your loved ones know just how much you miss them when you can't be much you miss them when you can't be much you miss them when you can't be there? Well, with an Aura Frame, you can there? Well, with an Aura Frame, you can there? Well, with an Aura Frame, you can let them know in a really fun and unique let them know in a really fun and unique let them know in a really fun and unique way. When you buy an Aura Frame as a way. When you buy an Aura Frame as a way. When you buy an Aura Frame as a gift, you can preload it with photos of gift, you can preload it with photos of gift, you can preload it with photos of yourself as well as a message telling yourself as well as a message telling yourself as well as a message telling them just how much you miss spending them just how much you miss spending them just how much you miss spending time with them. And then when they open time with them. And then when they open time with them. And then when they open it up, plug it in, and connect it to it up, plug it in, and connect it to it up, plug it in, and connect it to Wi-Fi, they'll be surprised, and it'll Wi-Fi, they'll be surprised, and it'll Wi-Fi, they'll be surprised, and it'll be sure to make their holidays just a be sure to make their holidays just a be sure to make their holidays just a little bit brighter. And it comes in a little bit brighter. And it comes in a little bit brighter. And it comes in a nice box that you don't even have to nice box that you don't even have to nice box that you don't even have to worry about wrapping because it looks worry about wrapping because it looks worry about wrapping because it looks that good. Even better, there's no limit that good. Even better, there's no limit that good. Even better, there's no limit to the amount of photos that you can to the amount of photos that you can to the amount of photos that you can upload, and there's no subscription fee. upload, and there's no subscription fee. upload, and there's no subscription fee. So, not only can you add photos before So, not only can you add photos before So, not only can you add photos before they get it, but you can continue to add they get it, but you can continue to add they get it, but you can continue to add photos from anywhere with an internet photos from anywhere with an internet photos from anywhere with an internet connection to let them know you're connection to let them know you're connection to let them know you're thinking about them. We also love how thinking about them. We also love how thinking about them. We also love how great the photos look on the frame. It great the photos look on the frame. It great the photos look on the frame. It automatically adjusts to the light automatically adjusts to the light automatically adjusts to the light levels in the room to give the best levels in the room to give the best levels in the room to give the best looking image. It even turns off when looking image. It even turns off when looking image. It even turns off when the lights are off in the room to save the lights are off in the room to save the lights are off in the room to save energy. But you don't have to take our energy. But you don't have to take our energy. But you don't have to take our word for it. Aura's been ranked the word for it. Aura's been ranked the word for it. Aura's been ranked the number one digital picture frame by Wire number one digital picture frame by Wire number one digital picture frame by Wire Cutter, which is actually the review Cutter, which is actually the review Cutter, which is actually the review site that we like to use when we're site that we like to use when we're site that we like to use when we're researching the gifts that we give. This researching the gifts that we give. This researching the gifts that we give. This holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday season, Aura is offering their holiday exclusive, the stone collection holiday exclusive, the stone collection holiday exclusive, the stone collection that's inspired by the tones and that's inspired by the tones and that's inspired by the tones and textures of organic stones. The stone textures of organic stones. The stone textures of organic stones. The stone collection is made to stand out with collection is made to stand out with collection is made to stand out with premium materials and organic textures premium materials and organic textures premium materials and organic textures that are rarely found in tech. It's that are rarely found in tech. It's that are rarely found in tech. It's designed to naturally complement your designed to naturally complement your designed to naturally complement your home. We actually have ours in the home. We actually have ours in the home. We actually have ours in the kitchen and I just like the way it looks kitchen and I just like the way it looks kitchen and I just like the way it looks with the tiles and with our countertop. with the tiles and with our countertop. with the tiles and with our countertop. Right now, you can visit oruraframes.com Right now, you can visit oruraframes.com Right now, you can visit oruraframes.com and get $55 off Aura's limited edition and get $55 off Aura's limited edition and get $55 off Aura's limited edition stone collection frame by using the stone collection frame by using the stone collection frame by using the promo code tracker at checkout. That's a promo code tracker at checkout. That's a promo code tracker at checkout. That's a frames.com using promo code tracker. frames.com using promo code tracker. frames.com using promo code tracker. This deal is exclusive to our listeners This deal is exclusive to our listeners This deal is exclusive to our listeners and the frames sell out fast, so you can and the frames sell out fast, so you can and the frames sell out fast, so you can order yours now to get it in time for order yours now to get it in time for order yours now to get it in time for the holidays. You can also support the the holidays. You can also support the the holidays. You can also support the channel by mentioning us at checkout. channel by mentioning us at checkout. channel by mentioning us at checkout. Terms and conditions do apply. Thank you Terms and conditions do apply. Thank you Terms and conditions do apply. Thank you so much to Aura for sponsoring today's so much to Aura for sponsoring today's so much to Aura for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. Okay, video. And now back to the video. Okay, video. And now back to the video. Okay, it is a little bit later. It's almost it is a little bit later. It's almost it is a little bit later. It's almost a little nervous that it wasn't going to a little nervous that it wasn't going to a little nervous that it wasn't going to happen because I think in the last happen because I think in the last happen because I think in the last couple of home vlogs, we've talked about couple of home vlogs, we've talked about couple of home vlogs, we've talked about how he's not napping. He was so tired. how he's not napping. He was so tired. how he's not napping. He was so tired. He needed the nap. And I just had to He needed the nap. And I just had to He needed the nap. And I just had to kind of Sorry, I'm in my office and like kind of Sorry, I'm in my office and like kind of Sorry, I'm in my office and like the blinds are half closed so the the blinds are half closed so the the blinds are half closed so the lighting is a little weird, but he just lighting is a little weird, but he just lighting is a little weird, but he just he needed a nap. He was so so tired. He he needed a nap. He was so so tired. He he needed a nap. He was so so tired. He was laying down. He But he would like as was laying down. He But he would like as was laying down. He But he would like as soon as I if I if he even had an soon as I if I if he even had an soon as I if I if he even had an inclination that I was trying to get him inclination that I was trying to get him inclination that I was trying to get him to nap, it was like he would kind of to nap, it was like he would kind of to nap, it was like he would kind of fight me on it. So he would, you know, fight me on it. So he would, you know, fight me on it. So he would, you know, no, no, like I'm not going to take a no, no, like I'm not going to take a no, no, like I'm not going to take a nap. And I'm like, well, buddy, we're nap. And I'm like, well, buddy, we're nap. And I'm like, well, buddy, we're not. We're just we're just reading a not. We're just we're just reading a not. We're just we're just reading a book. We're just, you know, we're just book. We're just, you know, we're just book. We're just, you know, we're just snuggling in a chair. Like I didn't say snuggling in a chair. Like I didn't say snuggling in a chair. Like I didn't say anything about a nap, but I think he was anything about a nap, but I think he was anything about a nap, but I think he was like, you know, catching on. So like, you know, catching on. So like, you know, catching on. So eventually he just kind of late. He did eventually he just kind of late. He did eventually he just kind of late. He did cry for a minute where he was, you know, cry for a minute where he was, you know, cry for a minute where he was, you know, he's like, "I don't want to take a nap." he's like, "I don't want to take a nap." he's like, "I don't want to take a nap." And I'm like, "Buddy, you don't you And I'm like, "Buddy, you don't you And I'm like, "Buddy, you don't you don't have to take a nap. I'm not don't have to take a nap. I'm not don't have to take a nap. I'm not telling you you have to take a nap. telling you you have to take a nap. telling you you have to take a nap. We're just we're just sitting here, you We're just we're just sitting here, you We're just we're just sitting here, you know, we're just just see what happens." know, we're just just see what happens." know, we're just just see what happens." And eventually he did he did fall And eventually he did he did fall And eventually he did he did fall asleep. He was so tired. So he's asleep asleep. He was so tired. So he's asleep asleep. He was so tired. So he's asleep right now. He fell asleep maybe like 15 right now. He fell asleep maybe like 15 right now. He fell asleep maybe like 15 minutes ago. And then I talked to Tim minutes ago. And then I talked to Tim minutes ago. And then I talked to Tim and they saw the movie. The movie's and they saw the movie. The movie's and they saw the movie. The movie's over. They're on their way home. He said over. They're on their way home. He said over. They're on their way home. He said that the Jackson loved it. So, they went that the Jackson loved it. So, they went that the Jackson loved it. So, they went to go see the Spongebob movie. Jackson to go see the Spongebob movie. Jackson to go see the Spongebob movie. Jackson sat through the whole thing. He loved sat through the whole thing. He loved sat through the whole thing. He loved it. He did say there were a couple of it. He did say there were a couple of it. He did say there were a couple of spooky like spooky parts that he wasn't spooky like spooky parts that he wasn't spooky like spooky parts that he wasn't sure if Jackson was going to like or how sure if Jackson was going to like or how sure if Jackson was going to like or how he was going to react to them and um he he was going to react to them and um he he was going to react to them and um he said he was fine. He said that Jackson said he was fine. He said that Jackson said he was fine. He said that Jackson said the movie was really funny. So, said the movie was really funny. So, said the movie was really funny. So, they're on their way back and I'm sure they're on their way back and I'm sure they're on their way back and I'm sure they'll talk to you more about it. Also, they'll talk to you more about it. Also, they'll talk to you more about it. Also, my book for the book club came in. So, my book for the book club came in. So, my book for the book club came in. So, it's called We Used to Live Here, and it's called We Used to Live Here, and it's called We Used to Live Here, and it's about a couple that buys a house, it's about a couple that buys a house, it's about a couple that buys a house, and then the people who some people show and then the people who some people show and then the people who some people show up, and I don't know if they're ghosts up, and I don't know if they're ghosts up, and I don't know if they're ghosts or if they're real people. I haven't I or if they're real people. I haven't I or if they're real people. I haven't I didn't I read a very quick like blurb didn't I read a very quick like blurb didn't I read a very quick like blurb summary of the book. So, I'm not sure if summary of the book. So, I'm not sure if summary of the book. So, I'm not sure if it's like a ghost thing or if they're it's like a ghost thing or if they're it's like a ghost thing or if they're real people, but people show up and say real people, but people show up and say real people, but people show up and say they used to own the house. And so, then they used to own the house. And so, then they used to own the house. And so, then some strange things happen. Oh, some strange things happen. Oh, some strange things happen. Oh, it's connected to a shocking crime from it's connected to a shocking crime from it's connected to a shocking crime from the past. So, this is We Used to Live the past. So, this is We Used to Live the past. So, this is We Used to Live Here by Daniel Hurst. Can you see it? Here by Daniel Hurst. Can you see it? Here by Daniel Hurst. Can you see it? There you go. And it is It says, "How There you go. And it is It says, "How There you go. And it is It says, "How much do you know about your home?" So, much do you know about your home?" So, much do you know about your home?" So, there you go. That's the book we're there you go. That's the book we're there you go. That's the book we're reading for the Patreon book club. And reading for the Patreon book club. And reading for the Patreon book club. And we only have two weeks to read it. So, we only have two weeks to read it. So, we only have two weeks to read it. So, I'm kind of like, "Oh, shoot. I got to I'm kind of like, "Oh, shoot. I got to I'm kind of like, "Oh, shoot. I got to get on this book." It's pretty short, so get on this book." It's pretty short, so get on this book." It's pretty short, so I should be able to get it done. It's I should be able to get it done. It's I should be able to get it done. It's like 270 pages. I should be able to read like 270 pages. I should be able to read like 270 pages. I should be able to read that. We're leaving soon on on our very that. We're leaving soon on on our very that. We're leaving soon on on our very last cruise of the year. It'll be our last cruise of the year. It'll be our last cruise of the year. It'll be our last ship, our last and final Disney last ship, our last and final Disney last ship, our last and final Disney ship. Tim will have completed his his ship. Tim will have completed his his ship. Tim will have completed his his resolution, but I'm hoping that I will resolution, but I'm hoping that I will resolution, but I'm hoping that I will have some time to read the book on the have some time to read the book on the have some time to read the book on the cruise and then when we get back, I'll cruise and then when we get back, I'll cruise and then when we get back, I'll have about a week to finish it. So, wish have about a week to finish it. So, wish have about a week to finish it. So, wish me luck. But yeah, if you guys want to me luck. But yeah, if you guys want to me luck. But yeah, if you guys want to join the book club, if you're in the join the book club, if you're in the join the book club, if you're in the Patreon Discord and you want to join the Patreon Discord and you want to join the Patreon Discord and you want to join the book club, this is what we're reading. book club, this is what we're reading. book club, this is what we're reading. And I'm very excited. This was on my And I'm very excited. This was on my And I'm very excited. This was on my like to read list. So, I'm excited that like to read list. So, I'm excited that like to read list. So, I'm excited that we went with that one. I'm going to edit we went with that one. I'm going to edit we went with that one. I'm going to edit the video for the day. So, if you the video for the day. So, if you the video for the day. So, if you watched yesterday's video, yeah, I was watched yesterday's video, yeah, I was watched yesterday's video, yeah, I was working on it at 2:00 p.m. So, hopefully working on it at 2:00 p.m. So, hopefully working on it at 2:00 p.m. So, hopefully you saw it yesterday. We'll see. Today's you saw it yesterday. We'll see. Today's you saw it yesterday. We'll see. Today's kind of a little a little willy-nilly. kind of a little a little willy-nilly. kind of a little a little willy-nilly. It's a little all over the place, but It's a little all over the place, but It's a little all over the place, but yeah. So, that's what we're doing right yeah. So, that's what we're doing right yeah. So, that's what we're doing right now. Um, I'm going to work on the video now. Um, I'm going to work on the video now. Um, I'm going to work on the video and I'll be right back. and I'll be right back. and I'll be right back. &gt;&gt; All right, so we're back from the &gt;&gt; All right, so we're back from the &gt;&gt; All right, so we're back from the movies. And today, so if you guys don't movies. And today, so if you guys don't movies. And today, so if you guys don't know, Jackson's been really into Pokémon know, Jackson's been really into Pokémon know, Jackson's been really into Pokémon Go, right? I've been helping him along Go, right? I've been helping him along Go, right? I've been helping him along the way. And right now, between 2 and 5 the way. And right now, between 2 and 5 the way. And right now, between 2 and 5 is a Gigantamax Snorlax event. And I is a Gigantamax Snorlax event. And I is a Gigantamax Snorlax event. And I don't know how to find this Snorlax. don't know how to find this Snorlax. don't know how to find this Snorlax. Like we got a message on Instagram that Like we got a message on Instagram that Like we got a message on Instagram that was like, "There's going to be a bunch was like, "There's going to be a bunch was like, "There's going to be a bunch of people down at Disney Springs." And I of people down at Disney Springs." And I of people down at Disney Springs." And I looked at Disney Springs and there was looked at Disney Springs and there was looked at Disney Springs and there was no Snorlax there. There's no Snorlax in no Snorlax there. There's no Snorlax in no Snorlax there. There's no Snorlax in the neighborhood. I can't find it the neighborhood. I can't find it the neighborhood. I can't find it anywhere. And we were at the movie anywhere. And we were at the movie anywhere. And we were at the movie theater. We didn't see a Snorlax there. theater. We didn't see a Snorlax there. theater. We didn't see a Snorlax there. So, we're just we're looking still. I'll So, we're just we're looking still. I'll So, we're just we're looking still. I'll let you know what happens. Pretty much I let you know what happens. Pretty much I let you know what happens. Pretty much I don't know if we'll be able to get the don't know if we'll be able to get the don't know if we'll be able to get the Snorlax because need a bunch of people. Snorlax because need a bunch of people. Snorlax because need a bunch of people. We don't have a bunch of people. We just We don't have a bunch of people. We just We don't have a bunch of people. We just have one phone. So, it would probably be have one phone. So, it would probably be have one phone. So, it would probably be best to go to Disney Springs, best to go to Disney Springs, best to go to Disney Springs, but I was hoping to like see one first but I was hoping to like see one first but I was hoping to like see one first and I just thought I haven't seen one and I just thought I haven't seen one and I just thought I haven't seen one yet. I don't know if this is something yet. I don't know if this is something yet. I don't know if this is something that every Publix does, but our Publix that every Publix does, but our Publix that every Publix does, but our Publix hides two elves and a reindeer every day hides two elves and a reindeer every day hides two elves and a reindeer every day in the store and it's our job to find in the store and it's our job to find in the store and it's our job to find them. And if you find them, you get a them. And if you find them, you get a them. And if you find them, you get a piece of candy up at customer service. piece of candy up at customer service. piece of candy up at customer service. So, we've already found two elves. We So, we've already found two elves. We So, we've already found two elves. We have to find the reindeer now. See, have to find the reindeer now. See, have to find the reindeer now. See, there's our there's one elf up there. there's our there's one elf up there. there's our there's one elf up there. What' you get for winning? No, you can't What' you get for winning? No, you can't What' you get for winning? No, you can't eat it yet. But you guys got candy canes eat it yet. But you guys got candy canes eat it yet. But you guys got candy canes for finding the elves and the reindeer. for finding the elves and the reindeer. for finding the elves and the reindeer. Yeah, the reindeer's right there, by the Yeah, the reindeer's right there, by the Yeah, the reindeer's right there, by the way, on the top of number two. way, on the top of number two. way, on the top of number two. &gt;&gt; The reindeer was the easiest. &gt;&gt; The reindeer was the easiest. &gt;&gt; The reindeer was the easiest. &gt;&gt; The reindeer was It took us the longest &gt;&gt; The reindeer was It took us the longest &gt;&gt; The reindeer was It took us the longest to find the reindeer. to find the reindeer. to find the reindeer. &gt;&gt; Good morning and happy Sunday. It's a &gt;&gt; Good morning and happy Sunday. It's a &gt;&gt; Good morning and happy Sunday. It's a little after 8 and we're getting ready little after 8 and we're getting ready little after 8 and we're getting ready to make some breakfast. I've got the to make some breakfast. I've got the to make some breakfast. I've got the stuff ready. We're going to be making stuff ready. We're going to be making stuff ready. We're going to be making some pancakes. Oliver requested a cheese some pancakes. Oliver requested a cheese some pancakes. Oliver requested a cheese stick. I'm not going to fight with him stick. I'm not going to fight with him stick. I'm not going to fight with him about it, so he got a cheese stick. But about it, so he got a cheese stick. But about it, so he got a cheese stick. But I wanted to show you Jackson, where's I wanted to show you Jackson, where's I wanted to show you Jackson, where's your where's your gem? The kids were your where's your gem? The kids were your where's your gem? The kids were playing Super Mario Life, which by the playing Super Mario Life, which by the playing Super Mario Life, which by the way, this is nothing like the game of way, this is nothing like the game of way, this is nothing like the game of life, like the regular game of life that life, like the regular game of life that life, like the regular game of life that you're probably familiar with. you're probably familiar with. you're probably familiar with. &gt;&gt; Show the mama gem. &gt;&gt; Show the mama gem. &gt;&gt; Show the mama gem. Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? &gt;&gt; There are a lot of pieces. That's true. &gt;&gt; There are a lot of pieces. That's true. &gt;&gt; There are a lot of pieces. That's true. &gt;&gt; We're missing the Mario piece right now. &gt;&gt; We're missing the Mario piece right now. &gt;&gt; We're missing the Mario piece right now. We have to find that before we can play We have to find that before we can play We have to find that before we can play the next game. the next game. the next game. &gt;&gt; Oh, will you show them the car? What? &gt;&gt; Oh, will you show them the car? What? &gt;&gt; Oh, will you show them the car? What? Who Who got the car yesterday? That car. Who Who got the car yesterday? That car. Who Who got the car yesterday? That car. Was that Oliver's? Was that Oliver's? Was that Oliver's? &gt;&gt; It's Oliver's. &gt;&gt; It's Oliver's. &gt;&gt; It's Oliver's. &gt;&gt; Oliver, show me your car that you got &gt;&gt; Oliver, show me your car that you got &gt;&gt; Oliver, show me your car that you got yesterday. Oops. yesterday. Oops. yesterday. Oops. &gt;&gt; Oh no, you dropped &gt;&gt; Oh no, you dropped &gt;&gt; Oh no, you dropped you dropped your cheese stick. They got you dropped your cheese stick. They got you dropped your cheese stick. They got the Monopoly car for Hot Wheels. Look at the Monopoly car for Hot Wheels. Look at the Monopoly car for Hot Wheels. Look at that. Pretty cool. Yeah. Let me see your that. Pretty cool. Yeah. Let me see your that. Pretty cool. Yeah. Let me see your gem that you got for today. So, they've gem that you got for today. So, they've gem that you got for today. So, they've been doing this gem advent calendar. Oo, been doing this gem advent calendar. Oo, been doing this gem advent calendar. Oo, &gt;&gt; is this fool's gold or silver gold? &gt;&gt; is this fool's gold or silver gold? &gt;&gt; is this fool's gold or silver gold? &gt;&gt; It looks kind of like not gold gold, but &gt;&gt; It looks kind of like not gold gold, but &gt;&gt; It looks kind of like not gold gold, but it it is fool's gold. it it is fool's gold. it it is fool's gold. &gt;&gt; Wait, let me show them all the rest of &gt;&gt; Wait, let me show them all the rest of &gt;&gt; Wait, let me show them all the rest of my gems. my gems. my gems. &gt;&gt; This guy. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. mine. mine. mine. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; It's one of my favorites. &gt;&gt; It's one of my favorites. &gt;&gt; It's one of my favorites. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that one. It's pretty. What &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that one. It's pretty. What &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that one. It's pretty. What is it? is it? is it? &gt;&gt; Show me the pink one. &gt;&gt; Show me the pink one. &gt;&gt; Show me the pink one. &gt;&gt; Oh, this one. Oh, yeah. This one I think &gt;&gt; Oh, this one. Oh, yeah. This one I think &gt;&gt; Oh, this one. Oh, yeah. This one I think was rose quartz, but it's kind of hard was rose quartz, but it's kind of hard was rose quartz, but it's kind of hard because it's like more red than it is because it's like more red than it is because it's like more red than it is pink. And like the picture that Oh, pink. And like the picture that Oh, pink. And like the picture that Oh, yeah. This is definitely rose quartz cuz yeah. This is definitely rose quartz cuz yeah. This is definitely rose quartz cuz I can see through it. I can see through it. I can see through it. But the thing is they show like the But the thing is they show like the But the thing is they show like the perfect version of this as like their perfect version of this as like their perfect version of this as like their example. example. example. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so you can never place it next to it &gt;&gt; And so you can never place it next to it &gt;&gt; And so you can never place it next to it because the one that they give you is because the one that they give you is because the one that they give you is not the perfect version. So that's why I not the perfect version. So that's why I not the perfect version. So that's why I think this is rose. think this is rose. think this is rose. &gt;&gt; Were you looking at daddy? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Were you looking at daddy? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Were you looking at daddy? Yeah. Are you doing your dance? Are you doing your dance? Are you doing your dance? &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Are you the best Pokemon in the world? &gt;&gt; Are you the best Pokemon in the world? &gt;&gt; Are you the best Pokemon in the world? &gt;&gt; Okay. What's the best Pokemon in the &gt;&gt; Okay. What's the best Pokemon in the &gt;&gt; Okay. What's the best Pokemon in the world? Um, uh, Snorlax. world? Um, uh, Snorlax. world? Um, uh, Snorlax. &gt;&gt; Snorlax is the best Pokemon in the &gt;&gt; Snorlax is the best Pokemon in the &gt;&gt; Snorlax is the best Pokemon in the world. Is it because he's if he's not world. Is it because he's if he's not world. Is it because he's if he's not sleeping, he's eating? sleeping, he's eating? sleeping, he's eating? &gt;&gt; All right. So, it's it's time to make &gt;&gt; All right. So, it's it's time to make &gt;&gt; All right. So, it's it's time to make breakfast, though. So, I'm going to make breakfast, though. So, I'm going to make breakfast, though. So, I'm going to make &gt;&gt; Jackson, you want pancakes, right? &gt;&gt; Jackson, you want pancakes, right? &gt;&gt; Jackson, you want pancakes, right? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Pancakes, buddy? Jackson's going to have &gt;&gt; Pancakes, buddy? Jackson's going to have &gt;&gt; Pancakes, buddy? Jackson's going to have pancakes. &gt;&gt; I always put the pancake mix in a &gt;&gt; I always put the pancake mix in a &gt;&gt; I always put the pancake mix in a container container container &gt;&gt; so that we can scoop it out easier. And &gt;&gt; so that we can scoop it out easier. And &gt;&gt; so that we can scoop it out easier. And Tim always Tim always Tim always &gt;&gt; we need to find this &gt;&gt; we need to find this &gt;&gt; we need to find this &gt;&gt; takes it out. &gt;&gt; takes it out. &gt;&gt; takes it out. &gt;&gt; What? Why? Why is that? What is &gt;&gt; What? Why? Why is that? What is &gt;&gt; What? Why? Why is that? What is happening? happening? happening? &gt;&gt; Okay, so let me get this. Let me get it &gt;&gt; Okay, so let me get this. Let me get it &gt;&gt; Okay, so let me get this. Let me get it all together and then we'll make them all together and then we'll make them all together and then we'll make them together. All right. Oliver has together. All right. Oliver has together. All right. Oliver has requested cottage cheese. requested cottage cheese. requested cottage cheese. &gt;&gt; More cheese. &gt;&gt; More cheese. &gt;&gt; More cheese. &gt;&gt; He goes, "Oh, wait. But I already had &gt;&gt; He goes, "Oh, wait. But I already had &gt;&gt; He goes, "Oh, wait. But I already had cheese." Cuz we have this rule where we cheese." Cuz we have this rule where we cheese." Cuz we have this rule where we only do cheese one time a day with him only do cheese one time a day with him only do cheese one time a day with him just because you know what cheese does just because you know what cheese does just because you know what cheese does to you. So Oh, no. Are you going to eat to you. So Oh, no. Are you going to eat to you. So Oh, no. Are you going to eat it, too? it, too? it, too? &gt;&gt; No, I'm putting it away. &gt;&gt; No, I'm putting it away. &gt;&gt; No, I'm putting it away. &gt;&gt; Oh. And he goes, "But I already had &gt;&gt; Oh. And he goes, "But I already had &gt;&gt; Oh. And he goes, "But I already had cheese." And I said, "Oh, yeah, you did cheese." And I said, "Oh, yeah, you did cheese." And I said, "Oh, yeah, you did already have cheese." And he said, "But already have cheese." And he said, "But already have cheese." And he said, "But I love cottage cheese." And I was like, I love cottage cheese." And I was like, I love cottage cheese." And I was like, "Yeah, I know." So, he's having a little "Yeah, I know." So, he's having a little "Yeah, I know." So, he's having a little cottage cheese. How is it? Let me make cottage cheese. How is it? Let me make cottage cheese. How is it? Let me make your Let me make your pancakes, buddy. your Let me make your pancakes, buddy. your Let me make your pancakes, buddy. &gt;&gt; Get you pumped. Look at all that protein &gt;&gt; Get you pumped. Look at all that protein &gt;&gt; Get you pumped. Look at all that protein in there. in there. in there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That is &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That is &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That is &gt;&gt; 14 g of protein. I was I like it. It It &gt;&gt; 14 g of protein. I was I like it. It It &gt;&gt; 14 g of protein. I was I like it. It It took me until I was in my 40s to realize took me until I was in my 40s to realize took me until I was in my 40s to realize that when people like use protein shakes that when people like use protein shakes that when people like use protein shakes that are whey protein, that's the like that are whey protein, that's the like that are whey protein, that's the like whey from milk, like curds and whey. So, whey from milk, like curds and whey. So, whey from milk, like curds and whey. So, it's cottage cheese. like you're just it's cottage cheese. like you're just it's cottage cheese. like you're just instead of eating cottage cheese, you're instead of eating cottage cheese, you're instead of eating cottage cheese, you're drinking like the milk version of drinking like the milk version of drinking like the milk version of cottage cheese or like the shake version cottage cheese or like the shake version cottage cheese or like the shake version of it and it's like separated out into of it and it's like separated out into of it and it's like separated out into just the whey. And the whole reason I just the whey. And the whole reason I just the whey. And the whole reason I found that out is cuz I have a friend found that out is cuz I have a friend found that out is cuz I have a friend that's allergic to milk and he's like, that's allergic to milk and he's like, that's allergic to milk and he's like, "I can't do whey protein. I have to do "I can't do whey protein. I have to do "I can't do whey protein. I have to do pea protein." I was like, "Oh, now I do pea protein." I was like, "Oh, now I do pea protein." I was like, "Oh, now I do it." it." it." &gt;&gt; Here is one of the pancakes for Jackson. &gt;&gt; Here is one of the pancakes for Jackson. &gt;&gt; Here is one of the pancakes for Jackson. [Music] [Music] [Music] &gt;&gt; Oliver's requesting more cottage. He &gt;&gt; Oliver's requesting more cottage. He &gt;&gt; Oliver's requesting more cottage. He loves cottage cheese. loves cottage cheese. loves cottage cheese. &gt;&gt; He also loves He wanted avocado, too. &gt;&gt; He also loves He wanted avocado, too. &gt;&gt; He also loves He wanted avocado, too. But But But &gt;&gt; what did you ask for? the flower. &gt;&gt; what did you ask for? the flower. &gt;&gt; what did you ask for? the flower. &gt;&gt; I just &gt;&gt; I just &gt;&gt; I just &gt;&gt; more cottage cheese. You're going to eat &gt;&gt; more cottage cheese. You're going to eat &gt;&gt; more cottage cheese. You're going to eat all of it? all of it? all of it? &gt;&gt; Oh my. So, wait. I was going to tell &gt;&gt; Oh my. So, wait. I was going to tell &gt;&gt; Oh my. So, wait. I was going to tell them something. What were you just them something. What were you just them something. What were you just saying? Oh, so Jackson requested that we saying? Oh, so Jackson requested that we saying? Oh, so Jackson requested that we asked him, you know, what do you want asked him, you know, what do you want asked him, you know, what do you want for for breakfast or for What did you for for breakfast or for What did you for for breakfast or for What did you say? For breakfast or lunch? say? For breakfast or lunch? say? For breakfast or lunch? &gt;&gt; Today, can we get empanadas? &gt;&gt; Today, can we get empanadas? &gt;&gt; Today, can we get empanadas? &gt;&gt; Oh, he said, "Today, can we get &gt;&gt; Oh, he said, "Today, can we get &gt;&gt; Oh, he said, "Today, can we get empanadas?" So, we went to Puerto Rico empanadas?" So, we went to Puerto Rico empanadas?" So, we went to Puerto Rico on that cruise. I'll link the cruise. on that cruise. I'll link the cruise. on that cruise. I'll link the cruise. It's the one where we went on the magic. It's the one where we went on the magic. It's the one where we went on the magic. And we went to Puerto Rico and we got And we went to Puerto Rico and we got And we went to Puerto Rico and we got empanadas in Puerto Rico just on the empanadas in Puerto Rico just on the empanadas in Puerto Rico just on the side of the road. They had like a little side of the road. They had like a little side of the road. They had like a little stand and he said that was his favorite stand and he said that was his favorite stand and he said that was his favorite thing he's ever had. thing he's ever had. thing he's ever had. Was that empanada in Puerto Rico? Was that empanada in Puerto Rico? Was that empanada in Puerto Rico? &gt;&gt; My favorite food is empanada. &gt;&gt; My favorite food is empanada. &gt;&gt; My favorite food is empanada. &gt;&gt; Your favorite food is empanadas. That's &gt;&gt; Your favorite food is empanadas. That's &gt;&gt; Your favorite food is empanadas. That's your favorite food ever. your favorite food ever. your favorite food ever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So, &gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So, &gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So, &gt;&gt; the chicken ones. We got to learn I got &gt;&gt; the chicken ones. We got to learn I got &gt;&gt; the chicken ones. We got to learn I got to learn how to make empanadas. Then he to learn how to make empanadas. Then he to learn how to make empanadas. Then he asked her for poop jokes and she said, asked her for poop jokes and she said, asked her for poop jokes and she said, "Why did the toilet paper roll down the "Why did the toilet paper roll down the "Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill to get to the bottom?" hill to get to the bottom?" hill to get to the bottom?" &gt;&gt; Is that so silly? I've been a little bit &gt;&gt; Is that so silly? I've been a little bit &gt;&gt; Is that so silly? I've been a little bit obsessed with like people that do ASMR obsessed with like people that do ASMR obsessed with like people that do ASMR by tapping things and like listen to by tapping things and like listen to by tapping things and like listen to this one. That's a good one, right? That's a good one, right? That's a good one, right? I like that noise. I like that noise. I like that noise. &gt;&gt; Wait, wait. Oh, &gt;&gt; Wait, wait. Oh, &gt;&gt; Wait, wait. Oh, &gt;&gt; can you hear it? &gt;&gt; can you hear it? &gt;&gt; can you hear it? &gt;&gt; No. All I hear is the egg frying in the &gt;&gt; No. All I hear is the egg frying in the &gt;&gt; No. All I hear is the egg frying in the background. background. background. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a good ASMR. Uh-oh. That was supposed to be a better Uh-oh. That was supposed to be a better Uh-oh. That was supposed to be a better crack. Sorry. Um, okay. So, I didn't crack. Sorry. Um, okay. So, I didn't crack. Sorry. Um, okay. So, I didn't show you me making the pancakes at all. show you me making the pancakes at all. show you me making the pancakes at all. Oh, I like that you said meme. Oh, I like that you said meme. Oh, I like that you said meme. &gt;&gt; No, me. The pancakes. &gt;&gt; No, me. The pancakes. &gt;&gt; No, me. The pancakes. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; sorry. &gt;&gt; sorry. &gt;&gt; sorry. &gt;&gt; That's okay. They're there. Right there. &gt;&gt; That's okay. They're there. Right there. &gt;&gt; That's okay. They're there. Right there. &gt;&gt; I messed that one up. Just so you guys &gt;&gt; I messed that one up. Just so you guys &gt;&gt; I messed that one up. Just so you guys know, I folded it in half on accident know, I folded it in half on accident know, I folded it in half on accident cuz I thought it was burning, so I ran cuz I thought it was burning, so I ran cuz I thought it was burning, so I ran over real quick and I flipped it over over real quick and I flipped it over over real quick and I flipped it over and it wasn't burning. and it wasn't burning. and it wasn't burning. &gt;&gt; You know how sometimes Oh, no. I got to &gt;&gt; You know how sometimes Oh, no. I got to &gt;&gt; You know how sometimes Oh, no. I got to &gt;&gt; Sometimes I like want to try to help. I &gt;&gt; Sometimes I like want to try to help. I &gt;&gt; Sometimes I like want to try to help. I have a whole tattoo about that. have a whole tattoo about that. have a whole tattoo about that. &gt;&gt; I was just trying to help. &gt;&gt; I was just trying to help. &gt;&gt; I was just trying to help. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I I appreciate you trying to &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I I appreciate you trying to &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I I appreciate you trying to help, but um don't you know. help, but um don't you know. help, but um don't you know. &gt;&gt; Here's my breakfast. It's cooling off &gt;&gt; Here's my breakfast. It's cooling off &gt;&gt; Here's my breakfast. It's cooling off right now. I got oldfashioned oatmeal, right now. I got oldfashioned oatmeal, right now. I got oldfashioned oatmeal, applesauce, and water. That's my applesauce, and water. That's my applesauce, and water. That's my breakfast every day. breakfast every day. breakfast every day. &gt;&gt; Okay, here's my &gt;&gt; Okay, here's my &gt;&gt; Okay, here's my eggs on English muffin with shredded eggs on English muffin with shredded eggs on English muffin with shredded cheese for breakfast. Look at that. I cheese for breakfast. Look at that. I cheese for breakfast. Look at that. I also put a little Cholula hot sauce on also put a little Cholula hot sauce on also put a little Cholula hot sauce on it. But also today, we are we have swim it. But also today, we are we have swim it. But also today, we are we have swim lessons and then after that I'm going to lessons and then after that I'm going to lessons and then after that I'm going to go have brunch with one of my friends. go have brunch with one of my friends. go have brunch with one of my friends. We've been trying to get together. So, We've been trying to get together. So, We've been trying to get together. So, the last time we hung out was for Horror the last time we hung out was for Horror the last time we hung out was for Horror Nights in August. It might have been the Nights in August. It might have been the Nights in August. It might have been the very beginning of September, but I think very beginning of September, but I think very beginning of September, but I think it was the very end of August. And we've it was the very end of August. And we've it was the very end of August. And we've been trying to hang out with each other been trying to hang out with each other been trying to hang out with each other ever since. So, every week we'll be ever since. So, every week we'll be ever since. So, every week we'll be like, "These are the days we have like, "These are the days we have like, "These are the days we have available. Okay, let's try to do available. Okay, let's try to do available. Okay, let's try to do something." And then something will come something." And then something will come something." And then something will come up on her end or something will come up up on her end or something will come up up on her end or something will come up on my end. And finally, today's the day, on my end. And finally, today's the day, on my end. And finally, today's the day, December 14th. December 14th. December 14th. &gt;&gt; Right. It's today the 14th. &gt;&gt; Right. It's today the 14th. &gt;&gt; Right. It's today the 14th. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to hang out today. But &gt;&gt; So, we're going to hang out today. But &gt;&gt; So, we're going to hang out today. But isn't that wild? like when you get older isn't that wild? like when you get older isn't that wild? like when you get older cuz she's got a um a kid. Her her cuz she's got a um a kid. Her her cuz she's got a um a kid. Her her daughter is like just turned one not too daughter is like just turned one not too daughter is like just turned one not too long ago, so she's got a a little little long ago, so she's got a a little little long ago, so she's got a a little little one and then she works. Her husband one and then she works. Her husband one and then she works. Her husband works. It's like it's just hard when works. It's like it's just hard when works. It's like it's just hard when you're older to plan anything really, you're older to plan anything really, you're older to plan anything really, especially with kids. So, I'm just especially with kids. So, I'm just especially with kids. So, I'm just really grateful that we can get together really grateful that we can get together really grateful that we can get together today. So, we're going to go have brunch today. So, we're going to go have brunch today. So, we're going to go have brunch and then I have a bunch of work I have and then I have a bunch of work I have and then I have a bunch of work I have to do today. So, it's going to be like a to do today. So, it's going to be like a to do today. So, it's going to be like a shorter brunch. But my one of my shorter brunch. But my one of my shorter brunch. But my one of my resolutions for 2025, 2026, and I think resolutions for 2025, 2026, and I think resolutions for 2025, 2026, and I think it actually was a resolution for 2025 as it actually was a resolution for 2025 as it actually was a resolution for 2025 as well, was to try to make more time to well, was to try to make more time to well, was to try to make more time to hang out with friends, like outside of hang out with friends, like outside of hang out with friends, like outside of like just to have more time, you know, like just to have more time, you know, like just to have more time, you know, with like I don't know, just to make with like I don't know, just to make with like I don't know, just to make more time with friends. more time with friends. more time with friends. &gt;&gt; And so that's something that I I &gt;&gt; And so that's something that I I &gt;&gt; And so that's something that I I actively would like to do in 2026. Do actively would like to do in 2026. Do actively would like to do in 2026. Do you guys have any resolutions? We're you guys have any resolutions? We're you guys have any resolutions? We're still going to be doing our like annual still going to be doing our like annual still going to be doing our like annual New Year's Eve video, but like New Year's Eve video, but like New Year's Eve video, but like &gt;&gt; I don't know. Do you guys have anything &gt;&gt; I don't know. Do you guys have anything &gt;&gt; I don't know. Do you guys have anything that you know for sure is something that that you know for sure is something that that you know for sure is something that you want to work on in 2026? Let me you want to work on in 2026? Let me you want to work on in 2026? Let me know. I want to hear it. While you were know. I want to hear it. While you were know. I want to hear it. While you were just reading the toy catalog, just reading the toy catalog, just reading the toy catalog, &gt;&gt; I was reading the Lakeshore learning toy &gt;&gt; I was reading the Lakeshore learning toy &gt;&gt; I was reading the Lakeshore learning toy catalog. And one of the things they have catalog. And one of the things they have catalog. And one of the things they have in here in here in here &gt;&gt; Oh, the kids are are playing a a bowling &gt;&gt; Oh, the kids are are playing a a bowling &gt;&gt; Oh, the kids are are playing a a bowling game together game together game together &gt;&gt; is for ages 3 to 8 years old. My first &gt;&gt; is for ages 3 to 8 years old. My first &gt;&gt; is for ages 3 to 8 years old. My first shaving kit. shaving kit. shaving kit. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Jackson goes, "Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Jackson goes, "Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Jackson goes, "Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes." &gt;&gt; Oh, yes." &gt;&gt; Oh, yes." &gt;&gt; I thought that was strange, right? &gt;&gt; I thought that was strange, right? &gt;&gt; I thought that was strange, right? my first styling kit. my first styling kit. my first styling kit. &gt;&gt; I think it's like, you know, pretend &gt;&gt; I think it's like, you know, pretend &gt;&gt; I think it's like, you know, pretend play. play. play. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; makes sense, I guess. But what I was &gt;&gt; makes sense, I guess. But what I was &gt;&gt; makes sense, I guess. But what I was going to say was, so because I'm going going to say was, so because I'm going going to say was, so because I'm going to be meeting up with my friend, um, I'm to be meeting up with my friend, um, I'm to be meeting up with my friend, um, I'm going to meet her after swim class. So, going to meet her after swim class. So, going to meet her after swim class. So, I have to be ready for our brunch. I I have to be ready for our brunch. I I have to be ready for our brunch. I have to get ready and then we're going have to get ready and then we're going have to get ready and then we're going to go to swim and then Tim's going to to go to swim and then Tim's going to to go to swim and then Tim's going to drop me off. So, I have to go get ready drop me off. So, I have to go get ready drop me off. So, I have to go get ready for brunch for brunch for brunch &gt;&gt; now. What do you wear to brunch? &gt;&gt; now. What do you wear to brunch? &gt;&gt; now. What do you wear to brunch? &gt;&gt; You wear a sundress. &gt;&gt; You wear a sundress. &gt;&gt; You wear a sundress. &gt;&gt; But it's winter. It's also like 50° &gt;&gt; But it's winter. It's also like 50° &gt;&gt; But it's winter. It's also like 50° right now and it's going to be 80° right now and it's going to be 80° right now and it's going to be 80° later. later. later. &gt;&gt; So, you wear a cloud dress. Oh, I like &gt;&gt; So, you wear a cloud dress. Oh, I like &gt;&gt; So, you wear a cloud dress. Oh, I like &gt;&gt; Is there a such thing as that? &gt;&gt; Is there a such thing as that? &gt;&gt; Is there a such thing as that? &gt;&gt; I like I don't know. I'm not good at &gt;&gt; I like I don't know. I'm not good at &gt;&gt; I like I don't know. I'm not good at this. I don't know what to do. I I think this. I don't know what to do. I I think this. I don't know what to do. I I think I'm going to wear pants. I'm going to wear pants. I'm going to wear pants. &gt;&gt; I think you can wear whatever you want &gt;&gt; I think you can wear whatever you want &gt;&gt; I think you can wear whatever you want to. to. to. &gt;&gt; I don't know cuz this place is a little &gt;&gt; I don't know cuz this place is a little &gt;&gt; I don't know cuz this place is a little fancy. fancy. fancy. &gt;&gt; You can still wear whatever you want to. &gt;&gt; You can still wear whatever you want to. &gt;&gt; You can still wear whatever you want to. There's not a dress code. They're not There's not a dress code. They're not There's not a dress code. They're not going to kick you out. going to kick you out. going to kick you out. &gt;&gt; No. Yeah, they won't kick me out. But &gt;&gt; No. Yeah, they won't kick me out. But &gt;&gt; No. Yeah, they won't kick me out. But &gt;&gt; so I say you wear your pajamas. &gt;&gt; so I say you wear your pajamas. &gt;&gt; so I say you wear your pajamas. &gt;&gt; I wish I could wear my pajamas. &gt;&gt; I wish I could wear my pajamas. &gt;&gt; I wish I could wear my pajamas. &gt;&gt; So yeah, I got to figure that out. Okay, &gt;&gt; So yeah, I got to figure that out. Okay, &gt;&gt; So yeah, I got to figure that out. Okay, so we're in the car. We're headed to so we're in the car. We're headed to so we're in the car. We're headed to swim lessons. swim lessons. swim lessons. And I wanted to tell you guys something And I wanted to tell you guys something And I wanted to tell you guys something funny that that I did. So earlier in the funny that that I did. So earlier in the funny that that I did. So earlier in the video I told you about this book, right? video I told you about this book, right? video I told you about this book, right? Um it's the wrong book. It's the same Um it's the wrong book. It's the same Um it's the wrong book. It's the same title but the wrong author. So I ordered title but the wrong author. So I ordered title but the wrong author. So I ordered the wrong book for the book club. the wrong book for the book club. the wrong book for the book club. &gt;&gt; What's it what's the who what does it &gt;&gt; What's it what's the who what does it &gt;&gt; What's it what's the who what does it say like the the the summary is a say like the the the summary is a say like the the the summary is a synopsis? synopsis? synopsis? &gt;&gt; I think they're very similar stories. I &gt;&gt; I think they're very similar stories. I &gt;&gt; I think they're very similar stories. I think that's the funny thing. And I was think that's the funny thing. And I was think that's the funny thing. And I was telling Brit so in Patreon if you Yeah. telling Brit so in Patreon if you Yeah. telling Brit so in Patreon if you Yeah. &gt;&gt; I found my magazine. &gt;&gt; I found my magazine. &gt;&gt; I found my magazine. &gt;&gt; Oh, you did? &gt;&gt; Oh, you did? &gt;&gt; Oh, you did? But I was telling her, I texted her and But I was telling her, I texted her and But I was telling her, I texted her and I was like, "I bought the wrong book." I was like, "I bought the wrong book." I was like, "I bought the wrong book." And I was like, "What? How funny would And I was like, "What? How funny would And I was like, "What? How funny would it have been if I had just read this it have been if I had just read this it have been if I had just read this book and then we had our discussion and book and then we had our discussion and book and then we had our discussion and I was like probably would have been so I was like probably would have been so I was like probably would have been so lost. I would have been like, "Wait a lost. I would have been like, "Wait a lost. I would have been like, "Wait a minute. I don't remember that minute. I don't remember that minute. I don't remember that happening." So yeah, I ordered the right happening." So yeah, I ordered the right happening." So yeah, I ordered the right book. But I think I might also read this book. But I think I might also read this book. But I think I might also read this one because I kind of want to see like one because I kind of want to see like one because I kind of want to see like it's pretty short. So I should be able it's pretty short. So I should be able it's pretty short. So I should be able to to to &gt;&gt; read it. &gt;&gt; read it. &gt;&gt; read it. &gt;&gt; I don't know if you can read this book &gt;&gt; I don't know if you can read this book &gt;&gt; I don't know if you can read this book cuz I cuz I cuz I &gt;&gt; It's a little bit spooky. It's just &gt;&gt; It's a little bit spooky. It's just &gt;&gt; It's a little bit spooky. It's just words. But anyway, so that's there's words. But anyway, so that's there's words. But anyway, so that's there's there's something that I did. I ordered there's something that I did. I ordered there's something that I did. I ordered the wrong book. the wrong book. the wrong book. &gt;&gt; So every time that we come to swim &gt;&gt; So every time that we come to swim &gt;&gt; So every time that we come to swim lessons, the GPS tells me to go one way lessons, the GPS tells me to go one way lessons, the GPS tells me to go one way and I always go a different way because and I always go a different way because and I always go a different way because I feel like the way that the GPS tells I feel like the way that the GPS tells I feel like the way that the GPS tells me to go is like through a neighborhood. me to go is like through a neighborhood. me to go is like through a neighborhood. &gt;&gt; 172 pages &gt;&gt; 172 pages &gt;&gt; 172 pages &gt;&gt; and I don't need to go through a &gt;&gt; and I don't need to go through a &gt;&gt; and I don't need to go through a neighborhood. Like I can just stay on neighborhood. Like I can just stay on neighborhood. Like I can just stay on the main road. Feel like the people in the main road. Feel like the people in the main road. Feel like the people in that neighborhood are like, "Why is that neighborhood are like, "Why is that neighborhood are like, "Why is there so much more traffic in our there so much more traffic in our there so much more traffic in our neighborhood?" neighborhood?" neighborhood?" &gt;&gt; Cuz the GPS is always telling people to &gt;&gt; Cuz the GPS is always telling people to &gt;&gt; Cuz the GPS is always telling people to go through it. go through it. go through it. &gt;&gt; It's like this is the quicker way to go. &gt;&gt; It's like this is the quicker way to go. &gt;&gt; It's like this is the quicker way to go. You should go through here. You should go through here. You should go through here. &gt;&gt; But it saves you like 5 seconds to go &gt;&gt; But it saves you like 5 seconds to go &gt;&gt; But it saves you like 5 seconds to go that way. But I always like to see which that way. But I always like to see which that way. But I always like to see which car is around me and then race that car car is around me and then race that car car is around me and then race that car to see who gets through first. If the to see who gets through first. If the to see who gets through first. If the shortcut's actually shorter or if I can shortcut's actually shorter or if I can shortcut's actually shorter or if I can get there quicker than the shortcut. get there quicker than the shortcut. get there quicker than the shortcut. &gt;&gt; We beat them. We beat them. &gt;&gt; We beat them. We beat them. &gt;&gt; We beat them. We beat them. &gt;&gt; We did it. We beat them by like they &gt;&gt; We did it. We beat them by like they &gt;&gt; We did it. We beat them by like they were a few yards back. Yards. Yeah, were a few yards back. Yards. Yeah, were a few yards back. Yards. Yeah, yards. yards. yards. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're from the UK. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're from the UK. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're from the UK. &gt;&gt; Wait, where who uses yards? &gt;&gt; Wait, where who uses yards? &gt;&gt; Wait, where who uses yards? &gt;&gt; Okay, we're all done with swim and now &gt;&gt; Okay, we're all done with swim and now &gt;&gt; Okay, we're all done with swim and now we're headed to um we're going to drop we're headed to um we're going to drop we're headed to um we're going to drop me off to have brunch with my friend. me off to have brunch with my friend. me off to have brunch with my friend. Oh, by the way, this is my brunch Oh, by the way, this is my brunch Oh, by the way, this is my brunch outfit. I forgot to show you. It's just outfit. I forgot to show you. It's just outfit. I forgot to show you. It's just leggings and a t-shirt. leggings and a t-shirt. leggings and a t-shirt. &gt;&gt; It's perfect. I told her I was like, "I &gt;&gt; It's perfect. I told her I was like, "I &gt;&gt; It's perfect. I told her I was like, "I hope you're not dressing super cute." hope you're not dressing super cute." hope you're not dressing super cute." Or, "Actually, you can. I'm just I'm Or, "Actually, you can. I'm just I'm Or, "Actually, you can. I'm just I'm not." And she's like, "No, I'm not not." And she's like, "No, I'm not not." And she's like, "No, I'm not either." So, it works out. Um, we did either." So, it works out. Um, we did either." So, it works out. Um, we did find a Pokemon Christmas playlist in find a Pokemon Christmas playlist in find a Pokemon Christmas playlist in case you are a Pokémon fanatic like our case you are a Pokémon fanatic like our case you are a Pokémon fanatic like our kids and also like Christmas. kids and also like Christmas. kids and also like Christmas. &gt;&gt; And also, I'm giving Oh no, Oliver just &gt;&gt; And also, I'm giving Oh no, Oliver just &gt;&gt; And also, I'm giving Oh no, Oliver just poured all of his. So, um, but I am heading to the Wave So, um, but I am heading to the Wave So, um, but I am heading to the Wave Hotel, which we went there and had Hotel, which we went there and had Hotel, which we went there and had dinner the other night, and I'll link dinner the other night, and I'll link dinner the other night, and I'll link that video down below. We just, it was that video down below. We just, it was that video down below. We just, it was just like a little part of another just like a little part of another just like a little part of another video. The food there is just so great video. The food there is just so great video. The food there is just so great if you're in that area. The hotel is if you're in that area. The hotel is if you're in that area. The hotel is definitely like a place you should stop. definitely like a place you should stop. definitely like a place you should stop. The food is great. The hotel is cool. The food is great. The hotel is cool. The food is great. The hotel is cool. You could spend the day there looking at You could spend the day there looking at You could spend the day there looking at the art. the art. the art. &gt;&gt; I know, buddy. So, we're going to go to &gt;&gt; I know, buddy. So, we're going to go to &gt;&gt; I know, buddy. So, we're going to go to their like cafe and have lunch. Okay, their like cafe and have lunch. Okay, their like cafe and have lunch. Okay, we're here. There's the wave right we're here. There's the wave right we're here. There's the wave right there. Um, there. Um, there. Um, &gt;&gt; here's this wave. &gt;&gt; here's this wave. &gt;&gt; here's this wave. Okay, you guys are dropping me off. Okay, you guys are dropping me off. Okay, you guys are dropping me off. You're going to go back home and do You're going to go back home and do You're going to go back home and do lunch and nap. lunch and nap. lunch and nap. &gt;&gt; Okay, I will. &gt;&gt; Okay, I will. &gt;&gt; Okay, I will. &gt;&gt; And then I'll be back in a little bit. &gt;&gt; And then I'll be back in a little bit. &gt;&gt; And then I'll be back in a little bit. I'm going to bring you guys with me to I'm going to bring you guys with me to I'm going to bring you guys with me to lunch, but I'm going to film on my lunch, but I'm going to film on my lunch, but I'm going to film on my phone. So, have fun. phone. So, have fun. phone. So, have fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'll see I'll see you guys in a &gt;&gt; Okay. I'll see I'll see you guys in a &gt;&gt; Okay. I'll see I'll see you guys in a second. I'll see you guys in a little second. I'll see you guys in a little second. I'll see you guys in a little bit. bit. bit. &gt;&gt; Okay. Bye. &gt;&gt; Okay. Bye. &gt;&gt; Okay. Bye. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I'm here at the hotel. I &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I'm here at the hotel. I &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I'm here at the hotel. I have my the wrong book. I'm just waiting have my the wrong book. I'm just waiting have my the wrong book. I'm just waiting for my friend. I'm sitting under some for my friend. I'm sitting under some for my friend. I'm sitting under some art. art. art. I'm here in the lobby. I'll show you a I'm here in the lobby. I'll show you a I'm here in the lobby. I'll show you a little bit more in just a second. But little bit more in just a second. But little bit more in just a second. But I'm just going to wait for her and read. I'm just going to wait for her and read. I'm just going to wait for her and read. I think I am going to read this book. I think I am going to read this book. I think I am going to read this book. So, I'm going to read a little bit of it So, I'm going to read a little bit of it So, I'm going to read a little bit of it and then we're going to go upstairs and and then we're going to go upstairs and and then we're going to go upstairs and have a delicious brunch. So, fun. Look have a delicious brunch. So, fun. Look have a delicious brunch. So, fun. Look at these lights. H. H. H. This place is really cool. I was going This place is really cool. I was going This place is really cool. I was going to sit here in this chair, the uh to sit here in this chair, the uh to sit here in this chair, the uh sideways couch, but I was a little bit sideways couch, but I was a little bit sideways couch, but I was a little bit nervous. But it is a seat like you can nervous. But it is a seat like you can nervous. But it is a seat like you can sit there. There's also a pig table sit there. There's also a pig table sit there. There's also a pig table and just a lot of really cool art. &gt;&gt; All right. So, and then I met up with my &gt;&gt; All right. So, and then I met up with my &gt;&gt; All right. So, and then I met up with my friend and we are I'm going to show you friend and we are I'm going to show you friend and we are I'm going to show you a little bit around the hotel. Here's a little bit around the hotel. Here's a little bit around the hotel. Here's the lobby. It's very full of art, very the lobby. It's very full of art, very the lobby. It's very full of art, very cool. Um, it's actually behind me. We're cool. Um, it's actually behind me. We're cool. Um, it's actually behind me. We're going to go Oh, there we go. So, we're going to go Oh, there we go. So, we're going to go Oh, there we go. So, we're going upstairs. This is the like little going upstairs. This is the like little going upstairs. This is the like little waiting area. It's kind of like part of waiting area. It's kind of like part of waiting area. It's kind of like part of the lobby bar, but you go up those the lobby bar, but you go up those the lobby bar, but you go up those stairs and into the Garnney Cafe. So, stairs and into the Garnney Cafe. So, stairs and into the Garnney Cafe. So, here we go. Going inside. This is a look here we go. Going inside. This is a look here we go. Going inside. This is a look around the restaurant. It's very cool around the restaurant. It's very cool around the restaurant. It's very cool and bright and open and uh honestly and bright and open and uh honestly and bright and open and uh honestly probably too cool for me, but probably too cool for me, but probably too cool for me, but it's very pretty and beautiful. It's a it's very pretty and beautiful. It's a it's very pretty and beautiful. It's a nice place to have lunch for sure. So, nice place to have lunch for sure. So, nice place to have lunch for sure. So, here's a look at our table. There's the here's a look at our table. There's the here's a look at our table. There's the book, the wrong book. I got a little book, the wrong book. I got a little book, the wrong book. I got a little latte, a hazelnut latte, ice latte. We latte, a hazelnut latte, ice latte. We latte, a hazelnut latte, ice latte. We got these Bree Bites. Very delicious. I got these Bree Bites. Very delicious. I got these Bree Bites. Very delicious. I ate that one. Don't worry. I know I put ate that one. Don't worry. I know I put ate that one. Don't worry. I know I put it back, but I did eat it. Here it is it back, but I did eat it. Here it is it back, but I did eat it. Here it is right here. Here's the inside of it. right here. Here's the inside of it. right here. Here's the inside of it. It's uh they were pretty good. They It's uh they were pretty good. They It's uh they were pretty good. They weren't my favorite thing, but they, you weren't my favorite thing, but they, you weren't my favorite thing, but they, you know, cheese is cheese. It wasn't too know, cheese is cheese. It wasn't too know, cheese is cheese. It wasn't too bad. Okay, so my friend got the grilled bad. Okay, so my friend got the grilled bad. Okay, so my friend got the grilled cheese. Oh, yeah. It has pimento cheese, cheese. Oh, yeah. It has pimento cheese, cheese. Oh, yeah. It has pimento cheese, and it's supposed to have ham in it, but and it's supposed to have ham in it, but and it's supposed to have ham in it, but she took the ham out. Um, and it looks she took the ham out. Um, and it looks she took the ham out. Um, and it looks amazing, though. I don't even think it amazing, though. I don't even think it amazing, though. I don't even think it needs the ham. The French fries look needs the ham. The French fries look needs the ham. The French fries look delicious. It comes with a pickle. Look delicious. It comes with a pickle. Look delicious. It comes with a pickle. Look at that. Yum. I'm jealous. Okay, I'm at that. Yum. I'm jealous. Okay, I'm at that. Yum. I'm jealous. Okay, I'm having lunch on V because I got the beet having lunch on V because I got the beet having lunch on V because I got the beet salad, salad, salad, which also looks really good. I did which also looks really good. I did which also looks really good. I did order salmon as well, so I don't know if order salmon as well, so I don't know if order salmon as well, so I don't know if that's coming, but that's coming, but that's coming, but There's my very um not as exciting There's my very um not as exciting There's my very um not as exciting salad. salad. salad. &gt;&gt; It's really pretty, though. Okay, I did &gt;&gt; It's really pretty, though. Okay, I did &gt;&gt; It's really pretty, though. Okay, I did get a side of salmon to go with my get a side of salmon to go with my get a side of salmon to go with my salad. salad. salad. &gt;&gt; So, there's that. &gt;&gt; So, there's that. &gt;&gt; So, there's that. &gt;&gt; All right, it's quiet here. Oliver's &gt;&gt; All right, it's quiet here. Oliver's &gt;&gt; All right, it's quiet here. Oliver's asleep. I did realize I think I talked asleep. I did realize I think I talked asleep. I did realize I think I talked to you guys maybe in this video, maybe to you guys maybe in this video, maybe to you guys maybe in this video, maybe in another video about the Gigantamax in another video about the Gigantamax in another video about the Gigantamax Snorlax. Snorlax. Snorlax. Not yesterday, it's today. So Not yesterday, it's today. So Not yesterday, it's today. So hopefully we'll be able to explore a hopefully we'll be able to explore a hopefully we'll be able to explore a little bit and find one. I don't know if little bit and find one. I don't know if little bit and find one. I don't know if we'll be able to actually catch it we'll be able to actually catch it we'll be able to actually catch it because I don't think we've been playing because I don't think we've been playing because I don't think we've been playing long enough to have like powerful enough long enough to have like powerful enough long enough to have like powerful enough Pokémon Pokémon Pokémon &gt;&gt; be able to do that. In order to do that, &gt;&gt; be able to do that. In order to do that, &gt;&gt; be able to do that. In order to do that, I think I would need like people at the I think I would need like people at the I think I would need like people at the same battle as me to help us out. So I same battle as me to help us out. So I same battle as me to help us out. So I don't I don't know. We'll see how it don't I don't know. We'll see how it don't I don't know. We'll see how it goes. goes. goes. &gt;&gt; I'll keep you guys posted on our Pokémon &gt;&gt; I'll keep you guys posted on our Pokémon &gt;&gt; I'll keep you guys posted on our Pokémon journey. All right, it happened. We journey. All right, it happened. We journey. All right, it happened. We found a Gigantamax Snorlax and we tried found a Gigantamax Snorlax and we tried found a Gigantamax Snorlax and we tried using like a Max Mushroom and put our using like a Max Mushroom and put our using like a Max Mushroom and put our best guys against him. But because it's best guys against him. But because it's best guys against him. But because it's just us, it's just one singular player. just us, it's just one singular player. just us, it's just one singular player. Nobody else is playing Pokémon Go really Nobody else is playing Pokémon Go really Nobody else is playing Pokémon Go really anymore. Like I know that a lot of anymore. Like I know that a lot of anymore. Like I know that a lot of people were during the pandemic, but I people were during the pandemic, but I people were during the pandemic, but I don't think anybody is really anymore. don't think anybody is really anymore. don't think anybody is really anymore. So, it's pretty much impossible for us So, it's pretty much impossible for us So, it's pretty much impossible for us to do that because we're not even like to do that because we're not even like to do that because we're not even like putting a dent in his health meter when putting a dent in his health meter when putting a dent in his health meter when we like go after him. So, we need to go we like go after him. So, we need to go we like go after him. So, we need to go somewhere that there are more people somewhere that there are more people somewhere that there are more people playing it, which would have been playing it, which would have been playing it, which would have been perfect at Disney Springs. Like, we perfect at Disney Springs. Like, we perfect at Disney Springs. Like, we Somebody messaged Jen on Instagram and Somebody messaged Jen on Instagram and Somebody messaged Jen on Instagram and suggested that suggested that suggested that &gt;&gt; we should definitely get me some more &gt;&gt; we should definitely get me some more &gt;&gt; we should definitely get me some more poke coins cuz ends today. poke coins cuz ends today. poke coins cuz ends today. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. But we tried. We really did &gt;&gt; No, no, no. But we tried. We really did &gt;&gt; No, no, no. But we tried. We really did try. We tried like three or four times try. We tried like three or four times try. We tried like three or four times to try to get this Snorlax. We couldn't to try to get this Snorlax. We couldn't to try to get this Snorlax. We couldn't do it, but we tried. So maybe later once do it, but we tried. So maybe later once do it, but we tried. So maybe later once Jen comes back, we'll take the golf cart Jen comes back, we'll take the golf cart Jen comes back, we'll take the golf cart out and see if anybody's out battling out and see if anybody's out battling out and see if anybody's out battling another Snorlax and then we can join another Snorlax and then we can join another Snorlax and then we can join somebody else's go like battle. But as somebody else's go like battle. But as somebody else's go like battle. But as of right now, we we don't we can't we of right now, we we don't we can't we of right now, we we don't we can't we can't get the Snorlax. can't get the Snorlax. can't get the Snorlax. &gt;&gt; Oh well. Okay, I'm back home from &gt;&gt; Oh well. Okay, I'm back home from &gt;&gt; Oh well. Okay, I'm back home from brunch. That was a lot of fun. We It was brunch. That was a lot of fun. We It was brunch. That was a lot of fun. We It was just, you know, like a little hour and a just, you know, like a little hour and a just, you know, like a little hour and a half little uh field trip excursion, but half little uh field trip excursion, but half little uh field trip excursion, but we chatted. We caught up. It was we chatted. We caught up. It was we chatted. We caught up. It was interesting to talk to her because her interesting to talk to her because her interesting to talk to her because her husband does a similar thing that Tim husband does a similar thing that Tim husband does a similar thing that Tim does. So, it's just um you know, like we does. So, it's just um you know, like we does. So, it's just um you know, like we have a lot in common. So, that was nice have a lot in common. So, that was nice have a lot in common. So, that was nice to kind of like be able to talk to to kind of like be able to talk to to kind of like be able to talk to somebody who really gets it, which was somebody who really gets it, which was somebody who really gets it, which was great. And so, we're going to try to get great. And so, we're going to try to get great. And so, we're going to try to get everybody together in January, just so everybody together in January, just so everybody together in January, just so you know. you know. you know. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; But let's see. Let's see Tim's burger. &gt;&gt; But let's see. Let's see Tim's burger. &gt;&gt; But let's see. Let's see Tim's burger. Oh, cuz I ordered Tim a burger when I Oh, cuz I ordered Tim a burger when I Oh, cuz I ordered Tim a burger when I was leaving. I don't think I told you was leaving. I don't think I told you was leaving. I don't think I told you guys that. Let me look at this burger. guys that. Let me look at this burger. guys that. Let me look at this burger. &gt;&gt; Smells like stinky bacon jam. &gt;&gt; Smells like stinky bacon jam. &gt;&gt; Smells like stinky bacon jam. &gt;&gt; No, it it looks good. The bacon looks &gt;&gt; No, it it looks good. The bacon looks &gt;&gt; No, it it looks good. The bacon looks good. Yeah. Smells good. good. Yeah. Smells good. good. Yeah. Smells good. &gt;&gt; M. Did you guys have fun? &gt;&gt; M. Did you guys have fun? &gt;&gt; M. Did you guys have fun? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at Mickey over there in the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at Mickey over there in the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at Mickey over there in the corner just looking at you. corner just looking at you. corner just looking at you. &gt;&gt; This one? &gt;&gt; This one? &gt;&gt; This one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's like, I want a cheeseburger. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's like, I want a cheeseburger. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's like, I want a cheeseburger. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. [Music] Yeah. Let Yeah. Let Yeah. Let &gt;&gt; me take a picture of myself. &gt;&gt; me take a picture of myself. &gt;&gt; me take a picture of myself. &gt;&gt; Okay. Oliver is building a car down &gt;&gt; Okay. Oliver is building a car down &gt;&gt; Okay. Oliver is building a car down here. So, as tall as he can, he needed a here. So, as tall as he can, he needed a here. So, as tall as he can, he needed a step stool to make sure that he could step stool to make sure that he could step stool to make sure that he could reach to the top of it. Oh, look. My reach to the top of it. Oh, look. My reach to the top of it. Oh, look. My goodness. goodness. goodness. Did you see it, Oliver? Let me see. You Did you see it, Oliver? Let me see. You Did you see it, Oliver? Let me see. You reach to the top of your of your car. reach to the top of your of your car. reach to the top of your of your car. &gt;&gt; Show them my silly guy. &gt;&gt; Show them my silly guy. &gt;&gt; Show them my silly guy. &gt;&gt; There you go. Oh, yeah. This guy &gt;&gt; There you go. Oh, yeah. This guy &gt;&gt; There you go. Oh, yeah. This guy &gt;&gt; right there. There he is. &gt;&gt; right there. There he is. &gt;&gt; right there. There he is. &gt;&gt; He was on wheels at first. &gt;&gt; He was on wheels at first. &gt;&gt; He was on wheels at first. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. But then we put the wheels on &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. But then we put the wheels on &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. But then we put the wheels on this. this. this. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what he was like. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what he was like. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what he was like. That's Paper Mario. That's Paper Mario. That's Paper Mario. &gt;&gt; That's Paper Mario? &gt;&gt; That's Paper Mario? &gt;&gt; That's Paper Mario? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, now we know. Okay. Wait. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, now we know. Okay. Wait. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, now we know. Okay. Wait. So, we're back home. What do you have on So, we're back home. What do you have on So, we're back home. What do you have on your hands? your hands? your hands? &gt;&gt; Um, color so I can turn my fireballs. &gt;&gt; Um, color so I can turn my fireballs. &gt;&gt; Um, color so I can turn my fireballs. &gt;&gt; Those are your fireballs? &gt;&gt; Those are your fireballs? &gt;&gt; Those are your fireballs? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Whoa. We're also playing with Duplos &gt;&gt; Whoa. We're also playing with Duplos &gt;&gt; Whoa. We're also playing with Duplos right now. So, the living room is a right now. So, the living room is a right now. So, the living room is a little bit a little bit wild. But Oliver little bit a little bit wild. But Oliver little bit a little bit wild. But Oliver ran into my office. I'm just editing ran into my office. I'm just editing ran into my office. I'm just editing right now. And he ran into my office and right now. And he ran into my office and right now. And he ran into my office and he goes he goes he goes &gt;&gt; he goes, "I drew on my hands so I could &gt;&gt; he goes, "I drew on my hands so I could &gt;&gt; he goes, "I drew on my hands so I could run a lot faster." Is that that makes run a lot faster." Is that that makes run a lot faster." Is that that makes you run? so fast. you run? so fast. you run? so fast. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; How does that work? &gt;&gt; How does that work? &gt;&gt; How does that work? &gt;&gt; Let's do a race and see. &gt;&gt; Let's do a race and see. &gt;&gt; Let's do a race and see. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's see. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's see. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's see. &gt;&gt; Well, let's clean up these Duplos, &gt;&gt; Well, let's clean up these Duplos, &gt;&gt; Well, let's clean up these Duplos, buddy, cuz I think this would be a very buddy, cuz I think this would be a very buddy, cuz I think this would be a very hard obstacle. Let's clean these up. hard obstacle. Let's clean these up. hard obstacle. Let's clean these up. Yeah, he ran into my office and he's Yeah, he ran into my office and he's Yeah, he ran into my office and he's like, I can run really fast. And I was like, I can run really fast. And I was like, I can run really fast. And I was like, how? He said, because I drew on my like, how? He said, because I drew on my like, how? He said, because I drew on my hands. hands. hands. So, there you go. Good imagination on So, there you go. Good imagination on So, there you go. Good imagination on this one. It's also dinner time right this one. It's also dinner time right this one. It's also dinner time right now. So, Tim, while I'm editing, is now. So, Tim, while I'm editing, is now. So, Tim, while I'm editing, is cutting up some chicken. We got a cutting up some chicken. We got a cutting up some chicken. We got a rotisserie chicken yesterday. We had rotisserie chicken yesterday. We had rotisserie chicken yesterday. We had just had rotisserie chicken last night. just had rotisserie chicken last night. just had rotisserie chicken last night. Some blueberries. We got some poo poo. Some blueberries. We got some poo poo. Some blueberries. We got some poo poo. &gt;&gt; Oh, some French fries. All right. And &gt;&gt; Oh, some French fries. All right. And &gt;&gt; Oh, some French fries. All right. And some of broccoli. Do you think this is some of broccoli. Do you think this is some of broccoli. Do you think this is done? done? done? &gt;&gt; I got the timer going. &gt;&gt; I got the timer going. &gt;&gt; I got the timer going. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. All right. We're going to go &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. All right. We're going to go &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. All right. We're going to go take the kids on the golf cart. This has take the kids on the golf cart. This has take the kids on the golf cart. This has been like our new fun thing that we've been like our new fun thing that we've been like our new fun thing that we've been doing. So, look. Show me your Look been doing. So, look. Show me your Look been doing. So, look. Show me your Look at you. Look at my little Ewok, babe. at you. Look at my little Ewok, babe. at you. Look at my little Ewok, babe. &gt;&gt; I play my own Pokemon. &gt;&gt; I play my own Pokemon. &gt;&gt; I play my own Pokemon. &gt;&gt; We're not going to play Pokémon. We're &gt;&gt; We're not going to play Pokémon. We're &gt;&gt; We're not going to play Pokémon. We're just going to go look at lights. Look at just going to go look at lights. Look at just going to go look at lights. Look at my little Ewoks. my little Ewoks. my little Ewoks. &gt;&gt; Hold on. The Ewoks have made an &gt;&gt; Hold on. The Ewoks have made an &gt;&gt; Hold on. The Ewoks have made an appearance in the video. Let me look at appearance in the video. Let me look at appearance in the video. Let me look at that little patch down. that little patch down. that little patch down. &gt;&gt; What is it? It's That's your belly &gt;&gt; What is it? It's That's your belly &gt;&gt; What is it? It's That's your belly patch. patch. patch. &gt;&gt; Oh, this patch. I don't know what that &gt;&gt; Oh, this patch. I don't know what that &gt;&gt; Oh, this patch. I don't know what that says. says. says. &gt;&gt; It's got the little &gt;&gt; It's got the little &gt;&gt; It's got the little &gt;&gt; I think it's just a picture of Ewoks. &gt;&gt; I think it's just a picture of Ewoks. &gt;&gt; I think it's just a picture of Ewoks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ewok. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ewok. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ewok. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Oliver, let me see this little &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Oliver, let me see this little &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Oliver, let me see this little Ewok baby. Ewok baby. Ewok baby. &gt;&gt; I'm just opening. &gt;&gt; I'm just opening. &gt;&gt; I'm just opening. &gt;&gt; You are so cute. Okay, I have my Star &gt;&gt; You are so cute. Okay, I have my Star &gt;&gt; You are so cute. Okay, I have my Star Wars fit on too. Wars fit on too. Wars fit on too. &gt;&gt; Yours? &gt;&gt; Yours? &gt;&gt; Yours? &gt;&gt; Uh, we can share it. &gt;&gt; Uh, we can share it. &gt;&gt; Uh, we can share it. &gt;&gt; If we both fit into it, we can share it. &gt;&gt; If we both fit into it, we can share it. &gt;&gt; If we both fit into it, we can share it. That's the way that I see it. That's the way that I see it. That's the way that I see it. &gt;&gt; All right, Ignite this park. &gt;&gt; All right, Ignite this park. &gt;&gt; All right, Ignite this park. That one's bumpy and that one's soft. That one's bumpy and that one's soft. That one's bumpy and that one's soft. &gt;&gt; It's like different. &gt;&gt; It's like different. &gt;&gt; It's like different. &gt;&gt; I wish I showed you that there's like &gt;&gt; I wish I showed you that there's like &gt;&gt; I wish I showed you that there's like &gt;&gt; This one's more like carpet and this &gt;&gt; This one's more like carpet and this &gt;&gt; This one's more like carpet and this one's more like sherpa. one's more like sherpa. one's more like sherpa. &gt;&gt; Can I go? &gt;&gt; Can I go? &gt;&gt; Can I go? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's go. You ready? Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's go. You ready? Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's go. You ready? Let's do it. &gt;&gt; I like the little like stitching designs &gt;&gt; I like the little like stitching designs &gt;&gt; I like the little like stitching designs that make it like fluted almost or that make it like fluted almost or that make it like fluted almost or whatever you call that. whatever you call that. whatever you call that. &gt;&gt; This is very comfortable. &gt;&gt; This is very comfortable. &gt;&gt; This is very comfortable. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good. &gt;&gt; I kind of love this &gt;&gt; I kind of love this &gt;&gt; I kind of love this &gt;&gt; book Alaska again. &gt;&gt; book Alaska again. &gt;&gt; book Alaska again. &gt;&gt; All right, we're in the golf cart on a &gt;&gt; All right, we're in the golf cart on a &gt;&gt; All right, we're in the golf cart on a little golf cart ride looking for little golf cart ride looking for little golf cart ride looking for Christmas lights. Although there's a Christmas lights. Although there's a Christmas lights. Although there's a little family of snowmen. little family of snowmen. little family of snowmen. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, the Grinch. Oh, the Grinch, &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, the Grinch. Oh, the Grinch, &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, the Grinch. Oh, the Grinch, buddy. The Grinch. We've been looking buddy. The Grinch. We've been looking buddy. The Grinch. We've been looking for Grinches. You see him? We've been for Grinches. You see him? We've been for Grinches. You see him? We've been going on the golf cart a lot recently, going on the golf cart a lot recently, going on the golf cart a lot recently, looking at Christmas lights around our looking at Christmas lights around our looking at Christmas lights around our neighborhood, and uh this has been a neighborhood, and uh this has been a neighborhood, and uh this has been a less fruitful trip, but the ones we've less fruitful trip, but the ones we've less fruitful trip, but the ones we've seen have been really good. There's seen have been really good. There's seen have been really good. There's another Grinch another Grinch another Grinch &gt;&gt; by their front door. &gt;&gt; by their front door. &gt;&gt; by their front door. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; You see him? &gt;&gt; You see him? &gt;&gt; You see him? &gt;&gt; Oliver loves seeing the Grinch. It's &gt;&gt; Oliver loves seeing the Grinch. It's &gt;&gt; Oliver loves seeing the Grinch. It's like his favorite thing to see. And like his favorite thing to see. And like his favorite thing to see. And we're wearing our teddy bear outfits. we're wearing our teddy bear outfits. we're wearing our teddy bear outfits. &gt;&gt; How cute are you? &gt;&gt; How cute are you? &gt;&gt; How cute are you? &gt;&gt; That cute. Yeah. Yeah, this is a this was a fun Yeah. Yeah, this is a this was a fun Yeah. Yeah, this is a this was a fun trip. trip. trip. &gt;&gt; Highly recommend driving around and &gt;&gt; Highly recommend driving around and &gt;&gt; Highly recommend driving around and looking at Christmas lights. It's just looking at Christmas lights. It's just looking at Christmas lights. It's just fun. It makes me kind of sad that we fun. It makes me kind of sad that we fun. It makes me kind of sad that we didn't decorate for Christmas. didn't decorate for Christmas. didn't decorate for Christmas. &gt;&gt; I always wondered how how do these &gt;&gt; I always wondered how how do these &gt;&gt; I always wondered how how do these people mow their lawns? people mow their lawns? people mow their lawns? &gt;&gt; Yeah. How do they mow their lawns? &gt;&gt; Yeah. How do they mow their lawns? &gt;&gt; Yeah. How do they mow their lawns? That's a good question. Oliver, did you That's a good question. Oliver, did you That's a good question. Oliver, did you have fun looking at the lights? have fun looking at the lights? have fun looking at the lights? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Are you taking off your jacket? &gt;&gt; Are you taking off your jacket? &gt;&gt; Are you taking off your jacket? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can I take it off for you? &gt;&gt; Okay. Can I take it off for you? &gt;&gt; Okay. Can I take it off for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No. Okay. What was your favorite I'll &gt;&gt; No. Okay. What was your favorite I'll &gt;&gt; No. Okay. What was your favorite I'll get it for you. What was your favorite get it for you. What was your favorite get it for you. What was your favorite your favorite Christmas decoration that your favorite Christmas decoration that your favorite Christmas decoration that we saw? we saw? we saw? &gt;&gt; Um the um green cheese. the Grinches. I &gt;&gt; Um the um green cheese. the Grinches. I &gt;&gt; Um the um green cheese. the Grinches. I like those, too, buddy. Those are my like those, too, buddy. Those are my like those, too, buddy. Those are my favorite. favorite. favorite. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; So, um, thank you guys so much for &gt;&gt; So, um, thank you guys so much for &gt;&gt; So, um, thank you guys so much for hanging out with us over these couple of hanging out with us over these couple of hanging out with us over these couple of days. I had a lot of fun. Oliver is so days. I had a lot of fun. Oliver is so days. I had a lot of fun. Oliver is so funny. Like, he's such a funny kid. I funny. Like, he's such a funny kid. I funny. Like, he's such a funny kid. I loved having our little picnic. We had a loved having our little picnic. We had a loved having our little picnic. We had a lot of fun. We like went to the lot of fun. We like went to the lot of fun. We like went to the playground. We blew bubbles. We drove playground. We blew bubbles. We drove playground. We blew bubbles. We drove around and looked at the Christmas around and looked at the Christmas around and looked at the Christmas lights in the daytime, which I think he lights in the daytime, which I think he lights in the daytime, which I think he thought was like a cool thing. He's thought was like a cool thing. He's thought was like a cool thing. He's like, "Oh, that's the Grinch." And I'm like, "Oh, that's the Grinch." And I'm like, "Oh, that's the Grinch." And I'm like, "Yeah, like, "Yeah, like, "Yeah, &gt;&gt; there he is. the Grinch in the daytime. &gt;&gt; there he is. the Grinch in the daytime. &gt;&gt; there he is. the Grinch in the daytime. &gt;&gt; We can see what he looks like. &gt;&gt; We can see what he looks like. &gt;&gt; We can see what he looks like. &gt;&gt; But I love that we are in our like &gt;&gt; But I love that we are in our like &gt;&gt; But I love that we are in our like driving around in the golf cart looking driving around in the golf cart looking driving around in the golf cart looking at Christmas lights era. I think it's so at Christmas lights era. I think it's so at Christmas lights era. I think it's so cool that we're doing that with our cool that we're doing that with our cool that we're doing that with our kids. kids. kids. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like if I when I was a kid, if I lived &gt;&gt; Like if I when I was a kid, if I lived &gt;&gt; Like if I when I was a kid, if I lived in a I didn't live in like a in a I didn't live in like a in a I didn't live in like a neighborhood. I lived I literally lived neighborhood. I lived I literally lived neighborhood. I lived I literally lived on a street. on a street. on a street. &gt;&gt; It didn't connect to any other streets. &gt;&gt; It didn't connect to any other streets. &gt;&gt; It didn't connect to any other streets. It was just a single street with 10 It was just a single street with 10 It was just a single street with 10 houses. No other nothing to connect houses. No other nothing to connect houses. No other nothing to connect with. I'd have to go over the the with. I'd have to go over the the with. I'd have to go over the the railroad tracks into a bigger railroad tracks into a bigger railroad tracks into a bigger neighborhood. Um, and if I lived in a neighborhood. Um, and if I lived in a neighborhood. Um, and if I lived in a bigger neighborhood neighborhood like bigger neighborhood neighborhood like bigger neighborhood neighborhood like that, I I think it would have been so that, I I think it would have been so that, I I think it would have been so cool to like look at the the lights, cool to like look at the the lights, cool to like look at the the lights, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Like nobody on my street decorated. &gt;&gt; Like nobody on my street decorated. &gt;&gt; Like nobody on my street decorated. &gt;&gt; Nobody. &gt;&gt; Nobody. &gt;&gt; Nobody. &gt;&gt; Nobody. &gt;&gt; Nobody. &gt;&gt; Nobody. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; not a single. No. &gt;&gt; not a single. No. &gt;&gt; not a single. No. &gt;&gt; One time. So, I we talk about this tree. &gt;&gt; One time. So, I we talk about this tree. &gt;&gt; One time. So, I we talk about this tree. I don't know if I've told you about this I don't know if I've told you about this I don't know if I've told you about this tree. tree. tree. &gt;&gt; I I thought you were talking about a &gt;&gt; I I thought you were talking about a &gt;&gt; I I thought you were talking about a real tree. real tree. real tree. &gt;&gt; No. No. I don't know what it is, but &gt;&gt; No. No. I don't know what it is, but &gt;&gt; No. No. I don't know what it is, but every third house there are these every third house there are these every third house there are these Christmas tree light trees. Christmas Christmas tree light trees. Christmas Christmas tree light trees. Christmas light trees. Mhm. light trees. Mhm. light trees. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And they're like a base and then it &gt;&gt; And they're like a base and then it &gt;&gt; And they're like a base and then it comes up and it's just all lights and comes up and it's just all lights and comes up and it's just all lights and the lights change colors and they spin the lights change colors and they spin the lights change colors and they spin around and they're like they have a around and they're like they have a around and they're like they have a little show. little show. little show. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But they're like super popular this &gt;&gt; But they're like super popular this &gt;&gt; But they're like super popular this year. I don't know what it is, but every year. I don't know what it is, but every year. I don't know what it is, but every third house in our neighborhood has one. third house in our neighborhood has one. third house in our neighborhood has one. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um but me and my family, we built one &gt;&gt; Um but me and my family, we built one &gt;&gt; Um but me and my family, we built one one year. one year. one year. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; It's like 12 feet tall. It was fun. &gt;&gt; It's like 12 feet tall. It was fun. &gt;&gt; It's like 12 feet tall. It was fun. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; We even made like a metal star and we &gt;&gt; We even made like a metal star and we &gt;&gt; We even made like a metal star and we lined it with lights so it had a little lined it with lights so it had a little lined it with lights so it had a little star on the top and everything. star on the top and everything. star on the top and everything. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Yeah, it was fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Yeah, it was fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Yeah, it was fun. &gt;&gt; I feel like next year we should do &gt;&gt; I feel like next year we should do &gt;&gt; I feel like next year we should do something fun like that. I think we something fun like that. I think we something fun like that. I think we missed our chance this year, but next missed our chance this year, but next missed our chance this year, but next year. That could be a next year thing. year. That could be a next year thing. year. That could be a next year thing. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, hold us to it, &gt;&gt; So, hold us to it, &gt;&gt; So, hold us to it, &gt;&gt; dog. Got to buy more lights. &gt;&gt; dog. Got to buy more lights. &gt;&gt; dog. Got to buy more lights. &gt;&gt; I want to have colorful lights. &gt;&gt; I want to have colorful lights. &gt;&gt; I want to have colorful lights. &gt;&gt; A whole box of lights. &gt;&gt; A whole box of lights. &gt;&gt; A whole box of lights. &gt;&gt; No, they're all one color, though. &gt;&gt; No, they're all one color, though. &gt;&gt; No, they're all one color, though. &gt;&gt; Well, that's what we have. Guess what? &gt;&gt; Well, that's what we have. Guess what? &gt;&gt; Well, that's what we have. Guess what? Work with what you have. Work with what you have. Work with what you have. &gt;&gt; All right. I think you want the bigger &gt;&gt; All right. I think you want the bigger &gt;&gt; All right. I think you want the bigger lights, though. lights, though. lights, though. &gt;&gt; No, I think you want the bigger lights. &gt;&gt; No, I think you want the bigger lights. &gt;&gt; No, I think you want the bigger lights. &gt;&gt; Every time we see a house with the &gt;&gt; Every time we see a house with the &gt;&gt; Every time we see a house with the bigger lights, she's like, "Oh, that bigger lights, she's like, "Oh, that bigger lights, she's like, "Oh, that looks nice." No, I like the lights that looks nice." No, I like the lights that looks nice." No, I like the lights that are like wrapped in the garland. They are like wrapped in the garland. They are like wrapped in the garland. They look very like very like nostalgic like look very like very like nostalgic like look very like very like nostalgic like old decorations. They're like that warm old decorations. They're like that warm old decorations. They're like that warm yellow. I don't love yellow. I don't love yellow. I don't love &gt;&gt; like a Vanderbilt. &gt;&gt; like a Vanderbilt. &gt;&gt; like a Vanderbilt. &gt;&gt; I don't like the bright blue white &gt;&gt; I don't like the bright blue white &gt;&gt; I don't like the bright blue white lights. I like the warm yellow Christmas lights. I like the warm yellow Christmas lights. I like the warm yellow Christmas decoration lights outside wrapped in the decoration lights outside wrapped in the decoration lights outside wrapped in the garland. That's what I like. garland. That's what I like. garland. That's what I like. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. The kind that'll burn down your &gt;&gt; Gotcha. The kind that'll burn down your &gt;&gt; Gotcha. The kind that'll burn down your house. house. house. &gt;&gt; No, but I do. I really do. I want to &gt;&gt; No, but I do. I really do. I want to &gt;&gt; No, but I do. I really do. I want to decorate next year. But I don't think I decorate next year. But I don't think I decorate next year. But I don't think I want the jellyfish lights, want the jellyfish lights, want the jellyfish lights, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I don't think that's the kind of light &gt;&gt; I don't think that's the kind of light &gt;&gt; I don't think that's the kind of light that I'm like looking for, that I'm like looking for, that I'm like looking for, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I think I want like I maybe I do. Maybe &gt;&gt; I think I want like I maybe I do. Maybe &gt;&gt; I think I want like I maybe I do. Maybe I do want the like lights from like the I do want the like lights from like the I do want the like lights from like the '9s, but the new version that aren't '9s, but the new version that aren't '9s, but the new version that aren't going to burn your house down. going to burn your house down. going to burn your house down. &gt;&gt; You want the big lights? &gt;&gt; You want the big lights? &gt;&gt; You want the big lights? &gt;&gt; No, I don't. I want the lights wrapped &gt;&gt; No, I don't. I want the lights wrapped &gt;&gt; No, I don't. I want the lights wrapped in the garland. in the garland. in the garland. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Other than that, I'm not &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Other than that, I'm not &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Other than that, I'm not going to put those on the roof line. No, going to put those on the roof line. No, going to put those on the roof line. No, but I want Anyway, we'll fight about but I want Anyway, we'll fight about but I want Anyway, we'll fight about this later, but but I do um I had so this later, but but I do um I had so this later, but but I do um I had so much fun. I loved looking at the much fun. I loved looking at the much fun. I loved looking at the decorations. Jackson watched the whole decorations. Jackson watched the whole decorations. Jackson watched the whole movie. That was like exciting to me. movie. That was like exciting to me. movie. That was like exciting to me. &gt;&gt; He loved it, too. &gt;&gt; He loved it, too. &gt;&gt; He loved it, too. &gt;&gt; I think that's cool. Like he wasn't &gt;&gt; I think that's cool. Like he wasn't &gt;&gt; I think that's cool. Like he wasn't always a kid who could watch a whole always a kid who could watch a whole always a kid who could watch a whole movie, movie, movie, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You know, so now he is. He's growing up. &gt;&gt; You know, so now he is. He's growing up. &gt;&gt; You know, so now he is. He's growing up. &gt;&gt; He was a bit of a sensitive kid. &gt;&gt; He was a bit of a sensitive kid. &gt;&gt; He was a bit of a sensitive kid. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; As they say in Bluey. &gt;&gt; As they say in Bluey. &gt;&gt; As they say in Bluey. &gt;&gt; What? Oh, the movie thing. Oh, cuz Yeah, &gt;&gt; What? Oh, the movie thing. Oh, cuz Yeah, &gt;&gt; What? Oh, the movie thing. Oh, cuz Yeah, cuz stuff did kind of scare him, but now cuz stuff did kind of scare him, but now cuz stuff did kind of scare him, but now he's like a big kid he's like a big kid he's like a big kid &gt;&gt; for There was so many moments in this &gt;&gt; for There was so many moments in this &gt;&gt; for There was so many moments in this movie where I turned and looked at him. movie where I turned and looked at him. movie where I turned and looked at him. I was like, "Are you okay?" And he's I was like, "Are you okay?" And he's I was like, "Are you okay?" And he's like, like, like, &gt;&gt; "But yeah, he's he's growing up. He can &gt;&gt; "But yeah, he's he's growing up. He can &gt;&gt; "But yeah, he's he's growing up. He can watch a whole movie." But I do think watch a whole movie." But I do think watch a whole movie." But I do think that we have some really cool kids. that we have some really cool kids. that we have some really cool kids. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Like Oliver literally when he drew on &gt;&gt; Like Oliver literally when he drew on &gt;&gt; Like Oliver literally when he drew on his hands, I wish I had caught the his hands, I wish I had caught the his hands, I wish I had caught the beginning of that conversation cuz you beginning of that conversation cuz you beginning of that conversation cuz you guys didn't get to see the whole thing. guys didn't get to see the whole thing. guys didn't get to see the whole thing. He drew on his hands and he goes, "Look, He drew on his hands and he goes, "Look, He drew on his hands and he goes, "Look, Mom. I colored on my hands and now I can Mom. I colored on my hands and now I can Mom. I colored on my hands and now I can run really fast, run really fast, run really fast, &gt;&gt; right?" Because he was like, "Iron Man." &gt;&gt; right?" Because he was like, "Iron Man." &gt;&gt; right?" Because he was like, "Iron Man." &gt;&gt; He said, "This is where I get my power &gt;&gt; He said, "This is where I get my power &gt;&gt; He said, "This is where I get my power from." And I was like, "Oh, okay." And from." And I was like, "Oh, okay." And from." And I was like, "Oh, okay." And he's like, "Watch me." And he would put he's like, "Watch me." And he would put he's like, "Watch me." And he would put his hands behind him, like do the that his hands behind him, like do the that his hands behind him, like do the that run, you know, and like run. He's like, run, you know, and like run. He's like, run, you know, and like run. He's like, "I can run really fast." And then he did "I can run really fast." And then he did "I can run really fast." And then he did it again and he goes, "What did he say?" it again and he goes, "What did he say?" it again and he goes, "What did he say?" Oh, he said, "That's where my fireballs Oh, he said, "That's where my fireballs Oh, he said, "That's where my fireballs come from." Yeah, come from." Yeah, come from." Yeah, &gt;&gt; cuz he's he likes Mario. &gt;&gt; cuz he's he likes Mario. &gt;&gt; cuz he's he likes Mario. &gt;&gt; I just think they're cool. They're cool &gt;&gt; I just think they're cool. They're cool &gt;&gt; I just think they're cool. They're cool kids. I like them. Like they're very, kids. I like them. Like they're very, kids. I like them. Like they're very, you know, like I love listening to what you know, like I love listening to what you know, like I love listening to what they say and like what they come up with they say and like what they come up with they say and like what they come up with and I think they're just really cool and and I think they're just really cool and and I think they're just really cool and I I like love them so much. I hope I I like love them so much. I hope I I like love them so much. I hope everybody feels that way about their everybody feels that way about their everybody feels that way about their kids, but like I I just I think they're kids, but like I I just I think they're kids, but like I I just I think they're just like the coolest kids. So, thanks just like the coolest kids. So, thanks just like the coolest kids. So, thanks for hanging out with us and um I hope for hanging out with us and um I hope for hanging out with us and um I hope you had fun hanging out with us and the you had fun hanging out with us and the you had fun hanging out with us and the boys and I hope you had fun. I I went to boys and I hope you had fun. I I went to boys and I hope you had fun. I I went to brunch. That was fun. Sorry. So, I did brunch. That was fun. Sorry. So, I did brunch. That was fun. Sorry. So, I did have to voice over the brunch cuz it was have to voice over the brunch cuz it was have to voice over the brunch cuz it was very loud in there. And then it sort of very loud in there. And then it sort of very loud in there. And then it sort of quieted down and I was able to kind of quieted down and I was able to kind of quieted down and I was able to kind of that's what the difference in audio was that's what the difference in audio was that's what the difference in audio was is had to voice over part of it cuz it is had to voice over part of it cuz it is had to voice over part of it cuz it was loud. But also wanted to mention um was loud. But also wanted to mention um was loud. But also wanted to mention um but it was delicious. Lunch was lunch but it was delicious. Lunch was lunch but it was delicious. Lunch was lunch was a lot of fun. But I got my book. I was a lot of fun. But I got my book. I was a lot of fun. But I got my book. I got the right book. This is the right got the right book. This is the right got the right book. This is the right book. It is We Used to Live Here by book. It is We Used to Live Here by book. It is We Used to Live Here by Marcus Cleure Marcus Cleure Marcus Cleure Cleor. I'm probably not pronouncing that Cleor. I'm probably not pronouncing that Cleor. I'm probably not pronouncing that right, but here it is. So if you are right, but here it is. So if you are right, but here it is. So if you are part of the book club this month for uh part of the book club this month for uh part of the book club this month for uh the Patreon, this is the book. Well, I the Patreon, this is the book. Well, I the Patreon, this is the book. Well, I wanted you guys to know that I did get wanted you guys to know that I did get wanted you guys to know that I did get the correct book. the correct book. the correct book. &gt;&gt; We used to live here. A novel. &gt;&gt; We used to live here. A novel. &gt;&gt; We used to live here. A novel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how they differentiated it, &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how they differentiated it, &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how they differentiated it, which is kind of annoying because I got which is kind of annoying because I got which is kind of annoying because I got the wrong one, but I'll read them both, the wrong one, but I'll read them both, the wrong one, but I'll read them both, but I'm going to start with this one but I'm going to start with this one but I'm going to start with this one because I have to read it by the end of because I have to read it by the end of because I have to read it by the end of the month. So, if you are in the Patreon the month. So, if you are in the Patreon the month. So, if you are in the Patreon book club, I'll see you there. book club, I'll see you there. book club, I'll see you there. &gt;&gt; But all in all, it was a fantastic few &gt;&gt; But all in all, it was a fantastic few &gt;&gt; But all in all, it was a fantastic few days. And with that being said, we are days. And with that being said, we are days. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price. Hey, hey, hey.
