---
video_id: WdvqixaRKSk
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "New Year's Eve Eve at Disney's Magic Kingdom! | NYE Fireworks, Starlight Parade & Themed Snacks!"
published: 2025-12-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdvqixaRKSk
---
Good evening from Disney's Magic Good evening from Disney's Magic Good evening from Disney's Magic Kingdom. We're here today because today Kingdom. We're here today because today Kingdom. We're here today because today is December 30th and that means they're is December 30th and that means they're is December 30th and that means they're going to have New Year's fireworks here going to have New Year's fireworks here going to have New Year's fireworks here at the Magic Kingdom. I know it's kind at the Magic Kingdom. I know it's kind at the Magic Kingdom. I know it's kind of silly that it's not actually New of silly that it's not actually New of silly that it's not actually New Year's Eve, but it's nice that they do Year's Eve, but it's nice that they do Year's Eve, but it's nice that they do it because if you can't come on New it because if you can't come on New it because if you can't come on New Year's Eve, [music] you can come to the Year's Eve, [music] you can come to the Year's Eve, [music] you can come to the Magic Kingdom on New Year's Eve eve and Magic Kingdom on New Year's Eve eve and Magic Kingdom on New Year's Eve eve and get a shot of the fireworks. You'll be get a shot of the fireworks. You'll be get a shot of the fireworks. You'll be able to see the fireworks. Epcot, on the able to see the fireworks. Epcot, on the able to see the fireworks. Epcot, on the other hand, only on New Year's Eve. So, other hand, only on New Year's Eve. So, other hand, only on New Year's Eve. So, what you could do is you could come to what you could do is you could come to what you could do is you could come to Magic Kingdom on the 30th, see [music] Magic Kingdom on the 30th, see [music] Magic Kingdom on the 30th, see [music] the fireworks here, then go to Epcot on the fireworks here, then go to Epcot on the fireworks here, then go to Epcot on the 31st, see the fireworks there. the 31st, see the fireworks there. the 31st, see the fireworks there. Everybody wins. Let's go inside and see Everybody wins. Let's go inside and see Everybody wins. Let's go inside and see what kind of fun they have in store for what kind of fun they have in store for what kind of fun they have in store for us. So, even though the Christmas party us. So, even though the Christmas party us. So, even though the Christmas party dates ended on December 21st, we still dates ended on December 21st, we still dates ended on December 21st, we still have all the Christmas decorations out have all the Christmas decorations out have all the Christmas decorations out at the Magic Kingdom. Oh, Main Street at the Magic Kingdom. Oh, Main Street at the Magic Kingdom. Oh, Main Street Philarmonic is uh coming out to the flag Philarmonic is uh coming out to the flag Philarmonic is uh coming out to the flag pole because right now they're going to pole because right now they're going to pole because right now they're going to do the flag retreat. That happens every do the flag retreat. That happens every do the flag retreat. That happens every day at 5:00. So, I know that the day at 5:00. So, I know that the day at 5:00. So, I know that the fireworks won't happen until midnight, fireworks won't happen until midnight, fireworks won't happen until midnight, but I wanted to make sure that I got but I wanted to make sure that I got but I wanted to make sure that I got here in enough time to be able to see here in enough time to be able to see here in enough time to be able to see the crowd levels and also to get in just the crowd levels and also to get in just the crowd levels and also to get in just in case they did shut it down because I in case they did shut it down because I in case they did shut it down because I didn't have a reservation for Magic didn't have a reservation for Magic didn't have a reservation for Magic Kingdom. I parked hopped over from Kingdom. I parked hopped over from Kingdom. I parked hopped over from Epcot. So, also we still have uh still Epcot. So, also we still have uh still Epcot. So, also we still have uh still have Christmas balloons, but you can see have Christmas balloons, but you can see have Christmas balloons, but you can see some other colors are starting to work some other colors are starting to work some other colors are starting to work their way in. Also wanted to get a feel their way in. Also wanted to get a feel their way in. Also wanted to get a feel for the vibes here for the vibes here for the vibes here on December 30th. So, the week after on December 30th. So, the week after on December 30th. So, the week after Christmas is the busiest time of year Christmas is the busiest time of year Christmas is the busiest time of year here at Walt Disney World. So, I'm here. here at Walt Disney World. So, I'm here. here at Walt Disney World. So, I'm here. Busiest time of year at Walt Disney Busiest time of year at Walt Disney Busiest time of year at Walt Disney World. So, nothing has been announced as World. So, nothing has been announced as World. So, nothing has been announced as far as entertainment goes for tonight. far as entertainment goes for tonight. far as entertainment goes for tonight. But in years past, we have had a DJ up But in years past, we have had a DJ up But in years past, we have had a DJ up here on the stage front of the castle. here on the stage front of the castle. here on the stage front of the castle. We've had a DJ over in Frontier Land. We've had a DJ over in Frontier Land. We've had a DJ over in Frontier Land. We've had a DJ in Tomorrowland. So, I We've had a DJ in Tomorrowland. So, I We've had a DJ in Tomorrowland. So, I think they're starting to set up for think they're starting to set up for think they're starting to set up for that right now. Or they're setting up that right now. Or they're setting up that right now. Or they're setting up for the first show. I don't know. for the first show. I don't know. for the first show. I don't know. They're like tape measuring stuff. So, They're like tape measuring stuff. So, They're like tape measuring stuff. So, I'm assuming they're setting up for the I'm assuming they're setting up for the I'm assuming they're setting up for the DJ. This will be a good indicator of the DJ. This will be a good indicator of the DJ. This will be a good indicator of the weight here. Standby for Monsters Inc. weight here. Standby for Monsters Inc. weight here. Standby for Monsters Inc. is 25 minutes. Typically, this would be is 25 minutes. Typically, this would be is 25 minutes. Typically, this would be a walk-on. Today, 25 minutes. All right, a walk-on. Today, 25 minutes. All right, a walk-on. Today, 25 minutes. All right, our first stop is Anti-gravity's our first stop is Anti-gravity's our first stop is Anti-gravity's Galactic Goodies cuz right now for the Galactic Goodies cuz right now for the Galactic Goodies cuz right now for the new year, they have a happy root beer new year, they have a happy root beer new year, they have a happy root beer float. Instead of happy new year, they float. Instead of happy new year, they float. Instead of happy new year, they say happy root beer. It sort of rhymes, say happy root beer. It sort of rhymes, say happy root beer. It sort of rhymes, right? As it has the same tam timber right? As it has the same tam timber right? As it has the same tam timber tambber root beer with vanilla soft tambber root beer with vanilla soft tambber root beer with vanilla soft serve, chocolate cookie biscuit serve, chocolate cookie biscuit serve, chocolate cookie biscuit sparkler, and shimmering sprinkles for sparkler, and shimmering sprinkles for sparkler, and shimmering sprinkles for $759. $759. $759. Starting off a cold day with a root beer Starting off a cold day with a root beer Starting off a cold day with a root beer float. So, this is the root beer float. float. So, this is the root beer float. float. So, this is the root beer float. The happy root beer float. Uh, this does The happy root beer float. Uh, this does The happy root beer float. Uh, this does go away on January 3rd. And it should go away on January 3rd. And it should go away on January 3rd. And it should also be noted that you need to order the also be noted that you need to order the also be noted that you need to order the happy new the happy root beer float cuz happy new the happy root beer float cuz happy new the happy root beer float cuz they have a regular root beer float as they have a regular root beer float as they have a regular root beer float as well, so as you don't get them confused. well, so as you don't get them confused. well, so as you don't get them confused. If you order the regular root beer If you order the regular root beer If you order the regular root beer float, it'll come out without the float, it'll come out without the float, it'll come out without the sprinkles and without the little cookies sprinkles and without the little cookies sprinkles and without the little cookies [music] [music] [music] sparkler guy on it, too. So, just as sparkler guy on it, too. So, just as sparkler guy on it, too. So, just as like an FYI. All right, it's already like an FYI. All right, it's already like an FYI. All right, it's already started dripping on me. Let's give it a started dripping on me. Let's give it a started dripping on me. Let's give it a sip. root beer float. You've had it before. root beer float. You've had it before. root beer float. You've had it before. &gt;&gt; Now you can have it at Disney. It looks &gt;&gt; Now you can have it at Disney. It looks &gt;&gt; Now you can have it at Disney. It looks nice though, right? So, this uh little nice though, right? So, this uh little nice though, right? So, this uh little cookie on top is like a like a pocky. A cookie on top is like a like a pocky. A cookie on top is like a like a pocky. A little cookie covered with chocolate. It little cookie covered with chocolate. It little cookie covered with chocolate. It was good. Yeah. Now it's just ice cream. was good. Yeah. Now it's just ice cream. was good. Yeah. Now it's just ice cream. Now I'm just eating ice cream on a cold Now I'm just eating ice cream on a cold Now I'm just eating ice cream on a cold day. One of the longest lines in the day. One of the longest lines in the day. One of the longest lines in the Magic Kingdom is for the coffee stand. Magic Kingdom is for the coffee stand. Magic Kingdom is for the coffee stand. Oh, look. We've got a thing here. The DJ Oh, look. We've got a thing here. The DJ Oh, look. We've got a thing here. The DJ dance party here. Happy New Year 2026. dance party here. Happy New Year 2026. dance party here. Happy New Year 2026. Magic Kingdom. We got the first first Magic Kingdom. We got the first first Magic Kingdom. We got the first first set at 6:45. Then you got the glass set at 6:45. Then you got the glass set at 6:45. Then you got the glass ceiling. Oh, they turned the light on ceiling. Oh, they turned the light on ceiling. Oh, they turned the light on for me. Thank you. 6 uh 7:45 for the for me. Thank you. 6 uh 7:45 for the for me. Thank you. 6 uh 7:45 for the glass ceiling band. I'd like to find out glass ceiling band. I'd like to find out glass ceiling band. I'd like to find out more about this glass ceiling band. But more about this glass ceiling band. But more about this glass ceiling band. But we'll be checking in on this a little we'll be checking in on this a little we'll be checking in on this a little bit later tonight. As we're here in bit later tonight. As we're here in bit later tonight. As we're here in Tomorrowland, the end of the line for Tomorrowland, the end of the line for Tomorrowland, the end of the line for Tron is back here by the Space Mountain Tron is back here by the Space Mountain Tron is back here by the Space Mountain gift shop. So, it goes all the way up to gift shop. So, it goes all the way up to gift shop. So, it goes all the way up to the front entrances of Tron, way up the front entrances of Tron, way up the front entrances of Tron, way up there. And we did it. We came in to there. And we did it. We came in to there. And we did it. We came in to order our very last Muppet magnets. order our very last Muppet magnets. order our very last Muppet magnets. There they are. These are the last two There they are. These are the last two There they are. These are the last two that we have to get. We have all the that we have to get. We have all the that we have to get. We have all the rest of them. We just have to pick up rest of them. We just have to pick up rest of them. We just have to pick up these two right now. So, I was too these two right now. So, I was too these two right now. So, I was too intent on showing you guys the queue for intent on showing you guys the queue for intent on showing you guys the queue for Tron. I didn't even show you guys the Tron. I didn't even show you guys the Tron. I didn't even show you guys the queue for Space Mountain. Look at it. I queue for Space Mountain. Look at it. I queue for Space Mountain. Look at it. I feel like we did pretty good on the feel like we did pretty good on the feel like we did pretty good on the Muppet magnets. I think we missed a Muppet magnets. I think we missed a Muppet magnets. I think we missed a total of three or four out of the 70. total of three or four out of the 70. total of three or four out of the 70. Uh, not bad, right? Look at this Space Uh, not bad, right? Look at this Space Uh, not bad, right? Look at this Space Mountain sunset. Mountain sunset. Mountain sunset. Something else that's neat that's Something else that's neat that's Something else that's neat that's happening today on the 30th and on the happening today on the 30th and on the happening today on the 30th and on the Fantasy in the Sky fireworks, which is Fantasy in the Sky fireworks, which is Fantasy in the Sky fireworks, which is their New Year's Eve fireworks twice, their New Year's Eve fireworks twice, their New Year's Eve fireworks twice, both days. Once at 7:30 and once at both days. Once at 7:30 and once at both days. Once at 7:30 and once at small children that want to see the small children that want to see the small children that want to see the fireworks. Don't have to wait up till fireworks. Don't have to wait up till fireworks. Don't have to wait up till midnight with them. You can watch them midnight with them. You can watch them midnight with them. You can watch them at 7:30 at 7:30 at 7:30 just after Starlight goes by, the just after Starlight goes by, the just after Starlight goes by, the nighttime parade at 6:30. So, pretty nighttime parade at 6:30. So, pretty nighttime parade at 6:30. So, pretty neat stuff for like those of you guys neat stuff for like those of you guys neat stuff for like those of you guys with small kids like we have. We'd be with small kids like we have. We'd be with small kids like we have. We'd be able to watch the fireworks with them if able to watch the fireworks with them if able to watch the fireworks with them if they were here. It is a little busy in they were here. It is a little busy in they were here. It is a little busy in the park for us with the kids. Oh my the park for us with the kids. Oh my the park for us with the kids. Oh my goodness. Look at this sunset. Wow. All goodness. Look at this sunset. Wow. All goodness. Look at this sunset. Wow. All right, we're headed back towards the right, we're headed back towards the right, we're headed back towards the castle so we can see how how they're castle so we can see how how they're castle so we can see how how they're setting up for the DJ and stuff like setting up for the DJ and stuff like setting up for the DJ and stuff like that. Then we'll head into Frontier Land that. Then we'll head into Frontier Land that. Then we'll head into Frontier Land and see how they're setting up there. and see how they're setting up there. and see how they're setting up there. Then we might find a spot for the Then we might find a spot for the Then we might find a spot for the fireworks and or starlight. And by the fireworks and or starlight. And by the fireworks and or starlight. And by the tape line on the ground, we know that tape line on the ground, we know that tape line on the ground, we know that they are anticipating a large crowd for they are anticipating a large crowd for they are anticipating a large crowd for the fireworks because that means that the fireworks because that means that the fireworks because that means that people are going to be back here on this people are going to be back here on this people are going to be back here on this bridge trying to get a spot for the bridge trying to get a spot for the bridge trying to get a spot for the fireworks. And they have the tape there fireworks. And they have the tape there fireworks. And they have the tape there to differentiate. This will be a walking to differentiate. This will be a walking to differentiate. This will be a walking path. This will be a viewing area for path. This will be a viewing area for path. This will be a viewing area for the fireworks. Everybody's taking the fireworks. Everybody's taking the fireworks. Everybody's taking selfies over here with the castle cuz it selfies over here with the castle cuz it selfies over here with the castle cuz it just got lit up and the sunset is just got lit up and the sunset is just got lit up and the sunset is phenomenal. There it is. They've got the phenomenal. There it is. They've got the phenomenal. There it is. They've got the DJ booth going up in front of the DJ booth going up in front of the DJ booth going up in front of the castle. My only hope for tonight is that castle. My only hope for tonight is that castle. My only hope for tonight is that DJ Elliot mixes together some of the DJ Elliot mixes together some of the DJ Elliot mixes together some of the wildest songs that I've ever heard in wildest songs that I've ever heard in wildest songs that I've ever heard in the Magic Kingdom. Heading into We're in the Magic Kingdom. Heading into We're in the Magic Kingdom. Heading into We're in Liberty Square right now, but we're Liberty Square right now, but we're Liberty Square right now, but we're headed towards Frontier Land to check on headed towards Frontier Land to check on headed towards Frontier Land to check on the DJ setup over there. Also, maybe the DJ setup over there. Also, maybe the DJ setup over there. Also, maybe we'll get up in on a bridge and be able we'll get up in on a bridge and be able we'll get up in on a bridge and be able to see into what they're doing here for to see into what they're doing here for to see into what they're doing here for Piston Peak. Man, sunset is super nice. Piston Peak. Man, sunset is super nice. Piston Peak. Man, sunset is super nice. It's strange. It's a strange feeling in It's strange. It's a strange feeling in It's strange. It's a strange feeling in here because it feels like it's not that here because it feels like it's not that here because it feels like it's not that busy, but at the same time, it feels busy, but at the same time, it feels busy, but at the same time, it feels like it's super busy. Happy New Year. There it is. I like it. Happy New Year There it is. I like it. Happy New Year There it is. I like it. Happy New Year of the little walkway that goes between of the little walkway that goes between of the little walkway that goes between Country Bears Musical Jamberee and the Country Bears Musical Jamberee and the Country Bears Musical Jamberee and the Frontier Merkantile. Could somebody drop Frontier Merkantile. Could somebody drop Frontier Merkantile. Could somebody drop a Settlers of Katan piece? All right. a Settlers of Katan piece? All right. a Settlers of Katan piece? All right. So, now that we've seen the DJ stages, So, now that we've seen the DJ stages, So, now that we've seen the DJ stages, we're going to head over towards Main we're going to head over towards Main we're going to head over towards Main Street, get a spot to see Starlight, and Street, get a spot to see Starlight, and Street, get a spot to see Starlight, and then that'll put us in a good spot to then that'll put us in a good spot to then that'll put us in a good spot to watch the fireworks at 7:30. So, watch the fireworks at 7:30. So, watch the fireworks at 7:30. So, Starlight's in about 30 minutes, 35 Starlight's in about 30 minutes, 35 Starlight's in about 30 minutes, 35 minutes, and we'll just watch that go minutes, and we'll just watch that go minutes, and we'll just watch that go by. It's It will be my second time by. It's It will be my second time by. It's It will be my second time seeing it. I haven't seen it since the seeing it. I haven't seen it since the seeing it. I haven't seen it since the premiere of it, and then we'll get a premiere of it, and then we'll get a premiere of it, and then we'll get a good spot for the fireworks. Here we go. good spot for the fireworks. Here we go. good spot for the fireworks. Here we go. This is more of the feeling of a crowded This is more of the feeling of a crowded This is more of the feeling of a crowded Main Street that I was looking for when Main Street that I was looking for when Main Street that I was looking for when I was explaining how it feels crowded in I was explaining how it feels crowded in I was explaining how it feels crowded in Magic Kingdom. So, it was kind of an Magic Kingdom. So, it was kind of an Magic Kingdom. So, it was kind of an interesting thought process between what interesting thought process between what interesting thought process between what I wanted to do or where I wanted to I wanted to do or where I wanted to I wanted to do or where I wanted to stand to watch the parade. So, typically stand to watch the parade. So, typically stand to watch the parade. So, typically standing here is a bad spot to watch the standing here is a bad spot to watch the standing here is a bad spot to watch the parade because it does turn and go down parade because it does turn and go down parade because it does turn and go down Main Street here, but it kind of turns Main Street here, but it kind of turns Main Street here, but it kind of turns far away from you over here. But, far away from you over here. But, far away from you over here. But, because we're also waiting for the because we're also waiting for the because we're also waiting for the fireworks, this is a good spot to watch fireworks, this is a good spot to watch fireworks, this is a good spot to watch the fireworks from. The best spot is the fireworks from. The best spot is the fireworks from. The best spot is there's kind of a peak in the hill right there's kind of a peak in the hill right there's kind of a peak in the hill right here, just behind the partner statue, here, just behind the partner statue, here, just behind the partner statue, and that is where they program the and that is where they program the and that is where they program the fireworks from. So, if you can watch fireworks from. So, if you can watch fireworks from. So, if you can watch them from kind of right in this area, them from kind of right in this area, them from kind of right in this area, that's the best spot to watch the that's the best spot to watch the that's the best spot to watch the fireworks from. But with New Year's Eve fireworks from. But with New Year's Eve fireworks from. But with New Year's Eve fireworks, they're also going to be fireworks, they're also going to be fireworks, they're also going to be perimeter fireworks. So, they're going perimeter fireworks. So, they're going perimeter fireworks. So, they're going to be coming from you, coming at you to be coming from you, coming at you to be coming from you, coming at you from all different angles. And they also from all different angles. And they also from all different angles. And they also set them off from an island in uh Seven set them off from an island in uh Seven set them off from an island in uh Seven Seas, so that people at the resorts can Seas, so that people at the resorts can Seas, so that people at the resorts can see a doubled fireworks show see a doubled fireworks show see a doubled fireworks show &gt;&gt; in the area in front of Cinderella &gt;&gt; in the area in front of Cinderella &gt;&gt; in the area in front of Cinderella Castle have reached capacity for this Castle have reached capacity for this Castle have reached capacity for this presentation of Disney Starlight. presentation of Disney Starlight. presentation of Disney Starlight. Additional viewing for tonight's parade Additional viewing for tonight's parade Additional viewing for tonight's parade may be found in Liberty Square and may be found in Liberty Square and may be found in Liberty Square and Frontier Land. Thank you. Frontier Land. Thank you. Frontier Land. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. So, they reached capacity &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. So, they reached capacity &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. So, they reached capacity here in front of the castle, which is here in front of the castle, which is here in front of the castle, which is wild because I feel like there's still wild because I feel like there's still wild because I feel like there's still space up here. Like, I think that there space up here. Like, I think that there space up here. Like, I think that there is space for people to be watching this is space for people to be watching this is space for people to be watching this parade. parade. parade. [music] [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I just want all my wishes to have a &gt;&gt; Oh, I just want all my wishes to have a &gt;&gt; Oh, I just want all my wishes to have a chance to come true. Woo! The candle [music] is getting brighter. [music] [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, Miguel's pretty quiet on his float. &gt;&gt; Oh, Miguel's pretty quiet on his float. &gt;&gt; Oh, Miguel's pretty quiet on his float. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Please, [music] have you ever seen a ours sparkle like have you ever seen a ours sparkle like have you ever seen a ours sparkle like this before. this before. this before. [music] &gt;&gt; I wish that this night. &gt;&gt; I wish that this night. &gt;&gt; I wish that this night. &gt;&gt; So, now that the parade is done, we have &gt;&gt; So, now that the parade is done, we have &gt;&gt; So, now that the parade is done, we have sort of all funneled into this spot sort of all funneled into this spot sort of all funneled into this spot behind the partner statue, which I behind the partner statue, which I behind the partner statue, which I believe is probably one of the best believe is probably one of the best believe is probably one of the best spots to watch the fireworks. Got a good spots to watch the fireworks. Got a good spots to watch the fireworks. Got a good view of the castle. Got a good view of view of the castle. Got a good view of view of the castle. Got a good view of where the perimeters will be. And then where the perimeters will be. And then where the perimeters will be. And then we can even turn around backwards and we can even turn around backwards and we can even turn around backwards and see the launches over seven seas. Heck see the launches over seven seas. Heck see the launches over seven seas. Heck yeah. We got the DJ coming out before yeah. We got the DJ coming out before yeah. We got the DJ coming out before the fireworks. Getting everybody pumped. the fireworks. Getting everybody pumped. the fireworks. Getting everybody pumped. Yes, we're right here. Yes, we're right here. Yes, we're right here. &gt;&gt; 26. &gt;&gt; 26. &gt;&gt; 26. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yay. Oh, we're doing a test countdown. &gt;&gt; Oh, we're doing we're doing K-pop Demon &gt;&gt; Oh, we're doing we're doing K-pop Demon &gt;&gt; Oh, we're doing we're doing K-pop Demon Hunters. Oh, wild. It's getting Hunters. Oh, wild. It's getting Hunters. Oh, wild. It's getting exciting. Oh, buddy. [music] Yeah, let's do it. Yeah, let's do it. Yeah, let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's go insane, everybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, look at this. This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, look at this. This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, look at this. This is exciting. What a fun time. People are exciting. What a fun time. People are exciting. What a fun time. People are hyped for 2026. &gt;&gt; I really want them to mix in Skater Boy &gt;&gt; I really want them to mix in Skater Boy &gt;&gt; I really want them to mix in Skater Boy right now, but I know they won't. 15 right now, but I know they won't. 15 right now, but I know they won't. 15 minutes. Who's ready for the firework? &gt;&gt; I don't think that's a question you need &gt;&gt; I don't think that's a question you need &gt;&gt; I don't think that's a question you need to ask us. I feel like that's a question to ask us. I feel like that's a question to ask us. I feel like that's a question for the pyrochnics. for the pyrochnics. for the pyrochnics. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I know this song. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know this song. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know this song. &gt;&gt; Very special New Year's Eve Fantasy in &gt;&gt; Very special New Year's Eve Fantasy in &gt;&gt; Very special New Year's Eve Fantasy in the Sky Fireworks Spectacular. [music] This is a flower. [music] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's almost time. &gt;&gt; It's almost time. &gt;&gt; It's almost time. &gt;&gt; Time? Did somebody say it's time? Start &gt;&gt; Time? Did somebody say it's time? Start &gt;&gt; Time? Did somebody say it's time? Start the countdown clock. All righty, Mickey. the countdown clock. All righty, Mickey. the countdown clock. All righty, Mickey. Starting the countdown clock. 2 10 9 8 7 Starting the countdown clock. 2 10 9 8 7 Starting the countdown clock. 2 10 9 8 7 [music] [music] Happy new year everyone. Oh, I like that they put like laser Oh, I like that they put like laser Oh, I like that they put like laser confetti on the castle. confetti on the castle. confetti on the castle. &gt;&gt; Pretty interesting cuz after the &gt;&gt; Pretty interesting cuz after the &gt;&gt; Pretty interesting cuz after the fireworks, nobody moved. Everybody just fireworks, nobody moved. Everybody just fireworks, nobody moved. Everybody just stayed still. And so like I was like, stayed still. And so like I was like, stayed still. And so like I was like, let's go to Tomorrowland. But I don't let's go to Tomorrowland. But I don't let's go to Tomorrowland. But I don't know how we're going to get there cuz know how we're going to get there cuz know how we're going to get there cuz nobody moved. How do I get through? I nobody moved. How do I get through? I nobody moved. How do I get through? I want to follow these guys. This is wild. want to follow these guys. This is wild. want to follow these guys. This is wild. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Everybody's heading in &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Everybody's heading in &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Everybody's heading in different directions. &gt;&gt; Oh man, we made it out of the like hub &gt;&gt; Oh man, we made it out of the like hub &gt;&gt; Oh man, we made it out of the like hub traffic. Now we're heading into the traffic. Now we're heading into the traffic. Now we're heading into the Tomorrowland traffic. All right, so Tomorrowland traffic. All right, so Tomorrowland traffic. All right, so those fireworks were really good. I those fireworks were really good. I those fireworks were really good. I liked it at the end. I do think that the liked it at the end. I do think that the liked it at the end. I do think that the beginning is a little bit slow on it and beginning is a little bit slow on it and beginning is a little bit slow on it and I think it does need a refresh, but they I think it does need a refresh, but they I think it does need a refresh, but they brought it down in the end, didn't they? brought it down in the end, didn't they? brought it down in the end, didn't they? Like with all those fireworks. Big Like with all those fireworks. Big Like with all those fireworks. Big finish. I liked it a lot. So this is the finish. I liked it a lot. So this is the finish. I liked it a lot. So this is the glass ceiling fan. Put it on glass ceiling fan. Put it on glass ceiling fan. Put it on [music and singing] the proof. Got a [music and singing] the proof. Got a [music and singing] the proof. Got a bang on my tooth. bang on my tooth. bang on my tooth. My heart [music and singing] is so My heart [music and singing] is so My heart [music and singing] is so tight. See my heartbeat tonight. I can tight. See my heartbeat tonight. I can tight. See my heartbeat tonight. I can take the heat, baby. Best believe that's take the heat, baby. Best believe that's take the heat, baby. Best believe that's [singing] the moment. [music] [singing] the moment. [music] [singing] the moment. [music] &gt;&gt; You know what I was thinking about? I &gt;&gt; You know what I was thinking about? I &gt;&gt; You know what I was thinking about? I was like, there's such a vibe in Magic was like, there's such a vibe in Magic was like, there's such a vibe in Magic Kingdom when there's DJs and live music. Kingdom when there's DJs and live music. Kingdom when there's DJs and live music. And I was like, what is that vibe? And I And I was like, what is that vibe? And I And I was like, what is that vibe? And I was like, oh, it's Disneyland. was like, oh, it's Disneyland. was like, oh, it's Disneyland. like the Tomorrowland stage in like the Tomorrowland stage in like the Tomorrowland stage in Disneyland Disneyland Disneyland is where they have live music all the is where they have live music all the is where they have live music all the time and DJs and like that's what's time and DJs and like that's what's time and DJs and like that's what's happening here right now during New happening here right now during New happening here right now during New Year's Eve. So, it feels like Disneyland Year's Eve. So, it feels like Disneyland Year's Eve. So, it feels like Disneyland in here even though we're in Florida. in here even though we're in Florida. in here even though we're in Florida. Made a quick pit stop at Cosmic Rays to Made a quick pit stop at Cosmic Rays to Made a quick pit stop at Cosmic Rays to pick up some of their Buffalo Ranch pick up some of their Buffalo Ranch pick up some of their Buffalo Ranch chicken tenders and some fries. So, chicken tenders and some fries. So, chicken tenders and some fries. So, these are part of their roll out where these are part of their roll out where these are part of their roll out where they have all kinds of different sauced they have all kinds of different sauced they have all kinds of different sauced up chicken tenders. These are Buffalo up chicken tenders. These are Buffalo up chicken tenders. These are Buffalo Ranch. I don't think I've tried these Ranch. I don't think I've tried these Ranch. I don't think I've tried these yet. Recently, I haven't been able to yet. Recently, I haven't been able to yet. Recently, I haven't been able to handle spice, [music] handle spice, [music] handle spice, [music] so hopefully they're not too too spicy. so hopefully they're not too too spicy. so hopefully they're not too too spicy. I mean, that's a pretty good flavor. And I mean, that's a pretty good flavor. And I mean, that's a pretty good flavor. And they're not too spicy. They do have a they're not too spicy. They do have a they're not too spicy. They do have a little kick to them, but it's not bad. I little kick to them, but it's not bad. I little kick to them, but it's not bad. I mean, that's those are pretty darn good. mean, that's those are pretty darn good. mean, that's those are pretty darn good. So, after a quick bite at Cosmic Rays, So, after a quick bite at Cosmic Rays, So, after a quick bite at Cosmic Rays, we're going to head back over to Rocket we're going to head back over to Rocket we're going to head back over to Rocket Tower Plaza to see now that the band is Tower Plaza to see now that the band is Tower Plaza to see now that the band is done, now the DJ is out. So, I want to done, now the DJ is out. So, I want to done, now the DJ is out. So, I want to see what the DJ is doing, how the DJ's see what the DJ is doing, how the DJ's see what the DJ is doing, how the DJ's going. Oh, and it kind of looks like going. Oh, and it kind of looks like going. Oh, and it kind of looks like Goofy's out there on the stage, too. Goofy's out there on the stage, too. Goofy's out there on the stage, too. Hold on. Let's go look. And Mickey and Hold on. Let's go look. And Mickey and Hold on. Let's go look. And Mickey and Minnie just came out, too. Oh, what an Minnie just came out, too. Oh, what an Minnie just came out, too. Oh, what an exciting time. Oh, everybody's here. So, exciting time. Oh, everybody's here. So, exciting time. Oh, everybody's here. So, I see I see Pluto. I see Goofy. I heard I see I see Pluto. I see Goofy. I heard I see I see Pluto. I see Goofy. I heard Chip and Dale were out here. Mickey and Chip and Dale were out here. Mickey and Chip and Dale were out here. Mickey and Minnie, Donald and Daisy. Holy cow, this Minnie, Donald and Daisy. Holy cow, this Minnie, Donald and Daisy. Holy cow, this feels like Disney Cruise Line. [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Come on, we having a good time. &gt;&gt; Come on, we having a good time. &gt;&gt; Come on, we having a good time. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; job. What? She's got like a a smoke gun. &gt;&gt; I know there's a lot happening here, but &gt;&gt; I know there's a lot happening here, but &gt;&gt; I know there's a lot happening here, but like I need to know where this guy got like I need to know where this guy got like I need to know where this guy got his Mr. Potato Head hat. &gt;&gt; Ship a nail back there. It's wild over &gt;&gt; Ship a nail back there. It's wild over &gt;&gt; Ship a nail back there. It's wild over here. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Don't be a drag. Just be a queen. Don't &gt;&gt; Don't be a drag. Just be a queen. Don't &gt;&gt; Don't be a drag. Just be a queen. Don't be a drag. Just be a queen. [music] &gt;&gt; It's going off in the Magic Kingdom &gt;&gt; It's going off in the Magic Kingdom &gt;&gt; It's going off in the Magic Kingdom tonight. Now we're headed over to tonight. Now we're headed over to tonight. Now we're headed over to Frontier Land. See what the party's like Frontier Land. See what the party's like Frontier Land. See what the party's like over there. The hub is still pretty over there. The hub is still pretty over there. The hub is still pretty packed with people jamming out to Seline packed with people jamming out to Seline packed with people jamming out to Seline Dion. Dion. Dion. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Such an interesting transition into &gt;&gt; Such an interesting transition into &gt;&gt; Such an interesting transition into Liberty Square here. The music's fading Liberty Square here. The music's fading Liberty Square here. The music's fading away. The people are thinning out a away. The people are thinning out a away. The people are thinning out a little bit and hopefully they're all little bit and hopefully they're all little bit and hopefully they're all dancing around in Frontier Land. dancing around in Frontier Land. dancing around in Frontier Land. [music] [music] [music] I got to say, technically, like I got to say, technically, like I got to say, technically, like technically speaking, the best DJ here, technically speaking, the best DJ here, technically speaking, the best DJ here, [music] but there's less of a party [music] but there's less of a party [music] but there's less of a party atmosphere over here. atmosphere over here. atmosphere over here. fire burning on the dance floor. [music] fire burning on the dance floor. [music] fire burning on the dance floor. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, they people got excited over that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they people got excited over that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they people got excited over that. It was exciting. It was exciting. It was exciting. &gt;&gt; And it was like a very clean transition. &gt;&gt; And it was like a very clean transition. &gt;&gt; And it was like a very clean transition. &gt;&gt; They still have the lines up for the &gt;&gt; They still have the lines up for the &gt;&gt; They still have the lines up for the parade because they're going to have parade because they're going to have parade because they're going to have another showing of Starlight at 9:00, another showing of Starlight at 9:00, another showing of Starlight at 9:00, which is in like 12 minutes, which is which is in like 12 minutes, which is which is in like 12 minutes, which is funny because nobody has lined up for funny because nobody has lined up for funny because nobody has lined up for it. They just made the announcement that it. They just made the announcement that it. They just made the announcement that Main Street and the hub in front of the Main Street and the hub in front of the Main Street and the hub in front of the castle were closed due to capacity for castle were closed due to capacity for castle were closed due to capacity for Starlight, for the next round of Starlight, for the next round of Starlight, for the next round of Starlight. And they said more like Starlight. And they said more like Starlight. And they said more like viewing areas are available in Frontier viewing areas are available in Frontier viewing areas are available in Frontier Land. And I got to tell you, there are a Land. And I got to tell you, there are a Land. And I got to tell you, there are a lot more in Frontier Land. If you don't lot more in Frontier Land. If you don't lot more in Frontier Land. If you don't want to be in the crowd, head back to want to be in the crowd, head back to want to be in the crowd, head back to Frontier Land. Lots of space. All right, Frontier Land. Lots of space. All right, Frontier Land. Lots of space. All right, I'm making my way up towards the front. I'm making my way up towards the front. I'm making my way up towards the front. We saw the fireworks. We saw the parade. We saw the fireworks. We saw the parade. We saw the fireworks. We saw the parade. We saw the DJs. We celebrated a new We saw the DJs. We celebrated a new We saw the DJs. We celebrated a new year. Stopping by the confectionary, year. Stopping by the confectionary, year. Stopping by the confectionary, seeing if they have any 20 like New seeing if they have any 20 like New seeing if they have any 20 like New Year's stuff. It looks like it's all Year's stuff. It looks like it's all Year's stuff. It looks like it's all Christmas things still. Christmas things still. Christmas things still. So, So, So, Ethel Merman all Christmas stuff still. Ethel Merman all Christmas stuff still. Ethel Merman all Christmas stuff still. &gt;&gt; You know it's a busy day in the Magic &gt;&gt; You know it's a busy day in the Magic &gt;&gt; You know it's a busy day in the Magic Kingdom when they break out the lighted Kingdom when they break out the lighted Kingdom when they break out the lighted pylons. Also, you know it's a busy day pylons. Also, you know it's a busy day pylons. Also, you know it's a busy day when it's not a party night and they when it's not a party night and they when it's not a party night and they break open the backstage walkway for break open the backstage walkway for break open the backstage walkway for people to exit the park. All right, that people to exit the park. All right, that people to exit the park. All right, that was it. We came to Magic Kingdom on was it. We came to Magic Kingdom on was it. We came to Magic Kingdom on December 30th to celebrate the new year December 30th to celebrate the new year December 30th to celebrate the new year We'll be here before we know it. You We'll be here before we know it. You We'll be here before we know it. You guys watching this are actually watching guys watching this are actually watching guys watching this are actually watching this on New Year's Eve. So to you, I this on New Year's Eve. So to you, I this on New Year's Eve. So to you, I wish you a very happy new year and wish you a very happy new year and wish you a very happy new year and [music] many returns. I don't know what [music] many returns. I don't know what [music] many returns. I don't know what that means, but I feel like it's a thing that means, but I feel like it's a thing that means, but I feel like it's a thing that people say when they wish you happy that people say when they wish you happy that people say when they wish you happy new year. Like many returns, many glad new year. Like many returns, many glad new year. Like many returns, many glad tidings. I don't know what a tiding is tidings. I don't know what a tiding is tidings. I don't know what a tiding is either. Anyways, it was a good time. The either. Anyways, it was a good time. The either. Anyways, it was a good time. The DJs were fun. The live band was fun. The DJs were fun. The live band was fun. The DJs were fun. The live band was fun. The characters over in Tomorrowland were characters over in Tomorrowland were characters over in Tomorrowland were going wild. And then the fireworks were going wild. And then the fireworks were going wild. And then the fireworks were good. I like the fireworks. My little good. I like the fireworks. My little good. I like the fireworks. My little root beer float was delicious. It was a root beer float was delicious. It was a root beer float was delicious. It was a good trip out to Magic Kingdom. And I good trip out to Magic Kingdom. And I good trip out to Magic Kingdom. And I like that they do that they're doing two like that they do that they're doing two like that they do that they're doing two parades, two fireworks because I can get parades, two fireworks because I can get parades, two fireworks because I can get out of here early. It's 9:00 at night out of here early. It's 9:00 at night out of here early. It's 9:00 at night and I can go home and go to bed and not and I can go home and go to bed and not and I can go home and go to bed and not have to be up all night. You know, it's have to be up all night. You know, it's have to be up all night. You know, it's nice. So, thank you Disney for letting nice. So, thank you Disney for letting nice. So, thank you Disney for letting me get out of here at a decent hour. So, me get out of here at a decent hour. So, me get out of here at a decent hour. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll with that being said, we are off. We'll with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time see you all tomorrow. And now it's time see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, Heat.
