---
video_id: 85KSqmCs8dA
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney's Hollywood Studios December 2025! | Park News Update, Taylor Swift Eras Tour Exhibit & More!"
published: 2025-12-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85KSqmCs8dA
---
Good morning from the parking lot of Disney's Hollywood Studios. We are headed in today because we haven't been here in a little while. There's a few updates around the park that we have to go and look at and get some holiday vibes at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I'm excited to go inside. So, let's head in. Heck yeah. Christmas music playing. Tinsel Garland. Disney's Hollywood Studios. I don't know if I ever took a moment to appreciate the holiday decorations at Hollywood Studios this year. They look great. They look great every year, but I just wanted to get you guys a shot of them cuz they're beautiful. Our first stop here is at Sid Cohen's one-of-a-kind Tinsel Town photos, treasured memories. This is a holiday photo opportunity for photo pass. It says from 1:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. So, we might have to stop back by at 1:00 p.m., but we'll go inside and ask them about it. So, I kind of showed this during Jollywood Nights, but there is a whole photo op in here, and we'll come back and take pictures at at 1:00. We'll come back at 1. Oh, look. Little hidden Mickey right there. There's also art in here. Like straight up a sign James Earl Jones signature here on the Lion King poster. Like I feel like what I feel like this stuff should be behind glass or something, right? These are like historic the whole cast of The Lion King. Also, does anybody recognize this carpet? It's from Muppet Vision 3D. Rest in peace. There's a huge dog out here. I like. But this is what interests me. This elephant. And I'm getting a bad like backlighting on it. But in Disneyland, there is a huge glass version of this elephant. And you can see it over by the Jungle Cruise, but it's glass. And it used to be filled with pennies. And it started out its life at Disneyland Paris. and they've taken the pennies out and now it took spent some time in the Gibson Girl ice cream parlor, but now it is located over near uh over near Jungle Cruise in Adventure Land in Disneyland. And if you go to Disneyland, you can see it. It's just like this green glass elephant. Some people call it Penny. Over here at the Celebrity 5 and 10, as we're walking down towards the Chinese Theater, I wanted to point out these are here every year. These little like Minnie Mouse bobbles with the candy cane legs and they're moving. And the little legs kick out like they're doing a little dance out in front of Keystone clothed ears. If you look very carefully and there's a bad reflection on the windows, but these are the mannequins from Great Movie Ride from the Foot Light Parade scene. Oh yeah, you can almost see their little like swim caps underneath their Santa hats. How fun. I like that they reuse them and dress them up like little candy cane ladies. And if you're interested in seeing this, I would suggest coming at night cuz this the glare on this window is pretty bad. Also interesting to note that Great Movie Ride closed in 2017. So that means that they've had these figures in storage that entire time. It's also interesting to note because Foot Light Parade came out in 1933. So these figures fit the theme of 1930s Hollywood that is throughout Disney's Hollywood Studios. So out in front of Hollywood Studios, I said that these were tinsel decorations. And that got me thinking of the name Tinsel Town. And I was like, well, why did they call Hollywood Tinsel Town? And it's really interesting why they called it Tinsel Town. So, Hollywood was referred to as Tinsel Town because of the glittery glitzy nature of it like tinsel, but also the fact that it's like insubstantial and like like fake, right? So, like Hollywood is acting, not real, not reality. And so, you you think that when you put tinsel on a tree, it makes it more glamorous, more sparkly, but in all reality, tinsel was just like a cheap decoration that you could put on your tree. And so that was where the name Tinsel Town came from. And it's funny that even like actors would call it Tinsel Town with it having sort of like a negative connotation towards the town. So I don't know. I thought I thought that was an interesting little fact for you. We made the turn towards Tower of Terror, but I wanted to come over to this window because I never noticed that there was an entire window devoted to Olly, who is the mascot of Jollywood Nights. He has a little neon sign, too. Nice work, Olly. I'm proud of you. This guitar keeps calling my name. We're just kind of passing through Once Upon a Time and this is the the store in Carth. But I stopped at this jacket because this is the same print that they have on the merch on the Destiny and this is for the villain stuff. So, I thought that was interesting. And I also wanted to point out that you could get Jollywood Nights shirts and merch here, not during Jollywood Nights. Just like we saw yesterday at Magic Kingdom, all of these things are here during the day, not during the party. And also, you can get this Ali convertible backpack cross body tote bag for $60. Normally $90. You can get it for $60 with any purchase. I always like to look at the weight times for things to see what the crowd level's like. 35 minutes for Tower of Terror is not bad, but we're headed back towards Rock and Roller Coaster. See if we can see what the wait time's like back there. So, we come up to Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith, but it won't be starring Aerosmith for very much longer. It'll be closing in the spring to make way for the Electric Mayhem or the Muppets overlay. And before this little pick right here, that's tortoise shell. It used to say sponsored by Hannes. And so, my question to you guys is who's going to sponsor the Muppets ride? In your opinion, who would be a good sponsor for the Muppets? So, 40-minute wait. And I did also want to mention we don't know how long Rock and Roller Coaster will be down to do the the the changeover from Aerosmith to Muppets because they have already started doing work inside. So as an example, right now the pre-show is not a thing anymore. So you don't stop in that room where he says, "Wait a minute, that's a great idea. Backstage passes, get the stretch, men are making a super stretch." That doesn't happen anymore. You don't stop in that room. the entire wall where you would look through and see the recording studio and the video in the background with Aerosmith and everything that's covered with like steel panels. But yeah, so you don't stop in that room at all. You just keep walking through. There's no pre-show at all at the moment. That will be replaced with a Muppets pre-show where we will have a scooter animatronic. Very excited to see a scooter animatronic. First time scooter's ever had an animatronic. While I was standing here, it went up to 45 minutes, but also seems like the line's not really moving. It's moving a little bit. So, I don't I don't know. I feel like this might be longer than 45. We'll check back a little bit later cuz I would like to see that walled off pre-show in person. As we're getting up closer to Hollywood Boulevard, which heads down to the Chinese Theater or to Mickey Minnie's Runaway Railway, I wanted to come back here near the Brown Derby because I want to show off these decorations. I feel like Disney should sell a version of these three little umbrella people, umbrella ladies with their bells. Only one of them has a bell. The other one just has a purse and the other one has a a bobble. But they all have candy cane umbrellas. So, who's uh who are these guys? They got red hair and green hair and just brown hair. Little tiny elf type people in a in a cup of coffee. We should name them. What are their names? So, right now we're passing by Animation Courtyard. And we did get some news about Animation Courtyard as it will be opening in the summer of 2026. We think it's going to open in phases, but we did get the announcement that over here, you can kind of see the ears up top. This is going to be a show. So, it used to be the Disney Junior dance party in this sound stage here. There's going to be a show called Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live, which a version of that is already playing at Disney's California Adventure. So, I think we're just getting a copy of that here in this building. And then back here, we're going back to Disney Animation. So you can see the magic of Disney animation is what this area is going to be called. It's no longer going to be called animation courtyards. And then one of the sections that we're getting back there is called off the page. And there'll be different character meet and greets and different photo ops. And you'll kind of go through the six departments of the Disney animation studio. So story, background, handdrawn animation, digital animation, lighting, and effects. And in each of those, you might have a photo op or you might have a a learning opportunity, you might have a meet and greet, but it's a collaboration between Disney Animation Studios and Imagineering. So, it's interesting. The only ones that we've gotten announced so far is Rapunzel and Mulan. So, Mulan will be in the story section where she'll be meeting in front of a story board and then Rapunzel will be meeting in the background section where she'll be meeting in a meet and greet location that replicates the multiplane camera. And I can show you guys the multiplane camera when we go into Walt Disney Presents. But basically, a multiplane camera provides depth in animation. And that's how Disney kind of set themselves apart in the animation industry was providing depth in the background with multiple planes of images. And so this meet and greet, you should be able to line your camera up just right where you'll get this 3D effect of uh of scenes while you're meeting with Rapunzel. So I'm really interested to see that. So, we have to wait till summer of 2026 to see that, but I'm interested to see how it looks. Oo, I'm excited for this one. Walt Disney Presents has holiday shorts, meet friends for the holidays, and also a special exhibit, Disney holiday films, and it's Muppets Christmas Carol. Santa, we can meet Santa. I just saw him yesterday. I'm I'm not we're not going to meet him today because I don't want to take up too much of his time. I already got my like I talked to him yesterday. So, but I'll show you where he's at. So this is not a multiplane camera. This is an example of how a multiplane camera would work. So you can see different levels of background images all at different spacing. And then when you look at it here, you can see it has dimension to it. And so that's where Walt Disney kind of set himself apart with his cartoons with this multiplane camera. And there's also like a little diagram or a uh like a schematic of the multiplane camera here. And they can move the different planes up or down, too. And I think these are all just lights. Yeah, it's all lights here. The multiplane camera. There's a little photo up here. It says Disney takes a holiday. And then you can see there's a Christmas tree. There's actually a bench here. But is this Tiny Tim Noel Barnaby? That's cool. Oh, yeah. The Barnaby. So, they have some various uh clothing and what what do he calls? Costumeuming from the Santa Claus from Tim Allen. They have all of them. A Santa Claus 3, Santa Claus 2, the Santa Claus right there. Santa Claus's red pajamas from the Santa Claus. Lucy Miller snow globe from Santa Claus 3. Jack Frost snow globe. So, yeah. So, and then also back here, meet friends for the holidays. This is where you would meet Santa kind of straight back. This is a car the Cars Land Piston Peak display. So, and of course the day after I visit Hollywood Studios, they did change out and open up a new exhibit in the Walt Disney Presents section. And this is a Taylor Swift exhibit. And this has three different outfits that she wore on her eras tour. And they have this here as a promotion for the end of an era, the six episode docu series on Disney Plus that's streaming right now. just kind of gives you a the docu series gives you a look at Taylor Swift's life and her life on tour uh for the Arrows tour. And so you can see here there's a snake outfit that she wore. There is also this dress with a little red jacket/c cardigan type piece over top of it. And then there's also a dress with some words around the bottom of it. And those of you guys that are swifties, I'm sure you guys recognize these right off the bat from the Aeros Tour. Did any of you guys go to the Aeros Tour? And did you guys see her in any of these outfits? I'd be interested to know. And then in here is the Walt Disney Theat. This is where you used to be able to watch Walt Disney Presents, but right now they're showing Walt Disney's On Ice, Pluto's Christmas Tree, or The Art of Skiing, starring Goofy. They also have a display from Babes in Toy Land, Babes in Toyland Collectibles. This movie was made in 1961. This is really neat that they have this stuff. Are these all just collectibles? Oh, yeah. These were collectibles that came out with the movie. A more recent movie from Anna Kendrick is called Noel. I haven't seen it. Has you guys Have you guys seen this movie? Is it good? And then here it is. Muppets Christmas Carol stuff. Look, there's Bob Cratchet's costume and Tiny Tim's costume. Look at how small Kermit and Robin are. And then see how small Rizzo was. There it is. Charles Dickens as portrayed by Gonzo. Wow, this is amazing. I didn't know that we had these and that they're in such great shape still. Like these are from 1992. A village house model. This is amazing, man. I'm like kind of just like in awe here. I like that the bottom of his shoes are scuffed up. You know, Muppets never use their shoes. I love this. Look at the little hat. All right, making our way back into Toy Story Land. Also looking at the decorations back here. I just remembered cuz Woody has his his scarf on. There he is. Woody has his scarf on and there's some garland around the Toy Story Land sign. I love it. But also, howdy, you must be the new toys. I'm Sheriff Woody and the only rule around here, have a great time. Okay, thank you, Sheriff Woody. And then also over here, Rex has his his reindeer antlers on. The Christmas lights are always there, but right now Rex has reindeer antlers on. So Woody and Jesse are in their holiday outfits, and Woody has his little candy cane in his holster. I feel like we showed the progress of this when it was happening, but we never showed the final product. You can see they have added a lot more shade to the area in front of Woody's Lunchbox. So, there is a hot chocolate lunchbox tart here available at Woody's Lunchbox, but I checked mobile order and they wanted me coming back at 150 and it's uh 12:20 right now. So, a little bit of a wait. As we're passing the restrooms, heading into Galaxy's Edge, I did want to point out that the new snack cart, the new popcorn cart over here is uh the construction walls are down and it's surrounded by kind of like a rolling bush edge. So, that means that it should be opening fairly soon. Lucky for me, I'm tall enough to see what the menu says. Doesn't say anything. Dang, we don't know yet. It just says popcorn and snacks. Bio-reonstruct who is a person that goes up in a helicopter takes aerial photos around Orlando did take an aerial photograph behind this wall and we found out it's probably most likely just going to be extra seating here heading into Galaxy's Edge. So nothing like groundbreaking happening, just some extra seating as we're heading into Galaxy's Edge. No Life Day or holiday decorations are out. Dang, not a lot of holiday vibes in here. She's kind of spacey. Stormtrooper up there. Look out. And Vimei down here. She's got to be on the lookout. He's right there. Be careful. Oh no, he's coming over here. Look at this. Is that Oh, she's watching. She's watching. Got to make sure. Recon. They're approaching the cantina. Who's approaching the cantina? Clear to engage. Who are they going to engage with? She's going. She's going to go up there. Traveler. Where's she headed? She kind of Oh, sneaking, sneaking, sneaking. Be careful, careful. I always felt like what I didn't hear what he said. There was a loud noise. Look up from those data pads once in a while. Oh, okay. Yeah, he says look up from the data pads once in a while. I always felt like we I understand like you're like proud to be a rebel and everything, but like maybe don't wear like the rebel insignia on your jacket if you're trying to sneak around, right? This is exciting. I feel like I'm watching a soap opera or something. I could watch this all day. He's not doing very good, is he? He could just look down. It's like you can see through the griting. So, I realize like nobody wants to sit here and watch this all day except for me. But I could sit here and watch this all day. Like this is I'm into this. I am invested in her make Oh, look. She's bored of it. Look at him. He's not even paying attention. All right, we're heading up into the marketplace. I think I'm going to get a Ronto wrap. Why not? It's been a while since I've had a Ronto wrap, by the way. Ronto wrap seems to be the fastest thing to get at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Took 30 seconds to get it to mobile order. Look out. Hey, how's it going? Bright suns. One of the best food items at Disney's Hollywood Studios is a Ronto wrap. There's so many good flavors. So, it's coleslaw, pork, and sausage and then a little sauce on like a pa. It's so good. It's nice and easy to get. Not too light, not too heavy. Like the perfect hot dog. You guys consider it a hot dog? I sure do. As we're walking, eating our Ronto wrap. There's Mando with baby Grou or just Grou. That guy behind him kind of looks like Walt, doesn't he? Like a life-sized loath cat. Look at this thing. I have no idea. Holy cow. Oh, this is awesome. What do you do to make you just pet him? Yeah, you just pet him on the back of your head. Wow, that's fun. What kind of animal is this? This is a merg. A mergwall. Mergall. They are available for adoption at a creature store. Oh, okay. So, over in the creature shop here, they have a couple of these different animals here. Like we just saw the little Merkall Malqu. And then or Mal. And then this is a Nexu. This guy like opens his mouth like this and then he makes noise too. And then if you pet him on his head, he kind of like is like, "Yeah, that's nice." And his legs move and everything like that. And of course there's a little porgi who he like yells when you open his mouth and he can flap away. He's like wee. So that's a puppet. There's a little like thing in here that you can pull triggers on and he kind of like does his thing. But I like it. Okay. This is fun. The loaf cat also like if you pet it, it's kind of like purring at me right now. But I don't know how you like make its mouth move. It's making noise at me right now for like petting it. It's kind of like meowing at me. And then of course, just like on Disney Cruise Line, let's see if I can get it to focus on the loaf cat back there. Sleeping sleeping back in it this little crate back here. I like that he has a little pork toy, too, that he's chewed up. I got to say, not bad for Rise of the Resistance. 45 minutes. Not bad. I wonder I wonder what the wait time is for Muppet Vision 3D. Just got sad. We get on to Grand Avenue. Max and Goof are meeting over there in their holiday outfits. Well, I say holiday outfits. It's a scarf. Goofy's wearing a scarf. Very holiday rific with the scarf and everything. But looking over at Muppet Vision 3D, it's pretty much stripped. Nothing left. No signage, no nothing. And then all the buildings in the center are gone. And I'll be sad the day that this Pizza Rizzo sign comes down. I know it's happening soon. Just don't know when. Kind of wild cuz you can see how they cut off these sills cuz this is going to be I would imagine they're going to I don't know stuckle the outside of this or something. changed the way that it looked. And so they had to cut down the window sills to make it smooth, which is funny because when it was Muppet Vision, they were bricked over windows and now they're like not window sills or anything. So they just made the entire outside of the building flat. Let's see. I came over to get a look and see. I guess they're keeping the brick, which is strange because the window sills are still there in the concept art. I'm confused why they cut that down. Huh. Now I'm real interested. I got to see more about what's happening with this. Like this part will be stuckco over here. And they're adding in a an awning and stuff too. I just noticed in the concept art Mike and Sully just kind of like walking around out here. That's funny. Came down to head to the ABC commissary because they have a little special holiday treat here. So this was the Linser Cookie mousse tort for $6.79. Layers of hazelnut cake, raspberry black currant mousse, raspberry jam, and sweet snow dusted linser cookie. Here's an interesting fun fact for you guys. Here's what happened to me. I was walking outside of ABC Commissary and I was trying to make a mobile order for this Linsard tort tart and I like made it all the way through it and I processed my order and it started thinking and then I got a charge through on my credit card. I get the notifications when I get a charge on my credit card and then it canceled out. It was like try again. And I was like but you guys already charged me. So, I went up and I talked to the people at the front desk or at the at the counter and they told me, they said, "Don't worry about it. That's just a pending charge. It will come off because the only time that we charge you is if we close out the order." So, as soon as you have the order in your hands, that's when we officially like it goes from pending to approved. Like the money is theirs then. So, I thought that was interesting to know because maybe something like that might happen to you guys while you're staying here or while you're at on vacation at Walt Disney World. If you're doing a mobile order, something might happen. So, I'm going to try this this cake here. It is a little bit harder to get through because the linser cookie is like hard on the top. So, I'm going to have to break it a little bit there. That's interesting. It is good. Oh, very like fresh raspberry, but the black currant gives it like a spice flavor to it. Similar to gingerbread, but not ginger flavored. Does that make sense? It's like a spiced cake. I don't know. I really like this a lot. It's not as sweet as I thought it was going to be. Has some savory elements to it, too. So, this is great. I highly enjoy this. Made it back out in front. We are at Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. And something that is happening this year is they're having New Year's Eve fireworks here at Disney's Hollywood Studios on the 31st that you'll be able to count down the New Year's with the fireworks. All right, so we're headed back up to the front. But before we go there, the question that I posed to you guys of naming these three characters right here, we posed to our Patreon members and they've came up with some names. Let's see what they've got. We've got Tommy, Butch, and Austin. The front one looks like a butcher, a Bubba, Peppermint, Coco. I kind of like that. Peppermint and Cocoa. Elvis, Carol, and Fred. The Candy Cane Guild instead of the Lollipop Guild. I like the Candy Cane Guild. That's fun. Albert, Bernard, and Cletus, aka ABC. Peter, Duncan, and Chuck for no reason at all. Holly, Jolly, and Lolly. Okay, that's a good one, but I feel like that works better for the like the people with the umbrellas over there. Hubert, Lubert, and Dubert. That's a fun one. And then Penny, Lenny, and Benny. So, not to pick favorites or anything, but I think I like the peppermint cocoa one the best. All right, we're back at Sids. Let me ask you like coena, right? Khena has like a W sound to it, right? We're here. 1:45. We're right on time. Oh, there's a squirrel. Look at him. Look, a K. What do you think that's for? Cohena. It starts with a C, though. I like this. It's cool because this is like supposed to be Hollywood memorabilia and props, but it's just kind of like stuff around here. And I like that this looks like somebody's house. This is some cool details in here. What do we have here? What do they have? Any interesting any interesting uh Oh, the the the Canard White Star to Europe. Is that the White Star line? The Titanic? I don't know. Oh, bam. We went there. All right, Bo. I hope that they give you a jacket and they keep you warm on these cold days. It's uh 66° outside. A little chilly for us. People are wearing long pants and sweatshirts. When the wind blows and when you're in the shade, it's cold. So, today was a fantastic day. Really enjoyed it. had a fun time like walking around Hollywood Studios, seeing the things, trying and getting a Ronto wrap. I really enjoyed watching Vi Morardi like interact with a Stormtrooper. That's my type of Disney right there is going in and seeing the characters just like doing their thing. I could watch that all day long. So, I hope you guys enjoyed following along. All in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Hey, hey, hey.
