---
video_id: XjlVm3ZoX10
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "What's NEW At Disney Springs! Blind Box Store, New Wine Bar George Menu & Star Wars x Columbia Drop"
published: 2025-12-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjlVm3ZoX10
---
Good morning everybody from Disney Springs. We're here with our friend the blue heron. Oh yeah, green is green. Oh the sorry. Why is he blue? There's no such thing as a green heron. So I don't know. These are like uh creatures. Yeah. Well, this is supposed to be like a madeup orange packing company. Yeah. There's like a whole story behind Disney Springs. Like the lore. It's like a fake backstory. Yeah. But so we're here today to uh just for a little update. There's some new things that we want to see. Tell you what, here we go. I want to go to the Columbia store first because they just had this big Star Wars drop, their Endoor collection. It's cool. And it's cool, but it most of it's sold out online. So, I want to see. This is like one of their flagship stores. So, I want to see if they have it here. Yeah. Let's go. What is this? Dunk the Halls. Oh, Cleveland versus the New York Knicks. And it's like Mickey's on the Cleveland side and Stitch is on the Knicks side. Too bad they got rid of the NBA experience. I know. So, we stopped off at the bathrooms, which are, speaking of lore, are in the old Disney Springs Fire Department building from 1908. And right outside, they've got the press pennies that are the Town Square Firehouse Collection. Lines out the door for Chicken Guy. People are really in the mood for some chicken. Do you think it's because it's like one of the first places you come to? Maybe. Like, is that what it is? Yeah. I also think that fried chicken's like a thing, you know? Like, people like just having like chicken tenders. Same. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a big fan. And it's a it's supposed to be like a quick service place, too. I remember really liking it when we went. We just didn't go back. So, they had the display with Billy Lord. And then this is the actual like poncho thing. $400. I want to feel it. But here's the weird thing. It kind of looks like it has mildew on it. That's the idea cuz it's supposed to look like you're out in the the forest moon of Endor. But like, you know, when you leave something and it gets like those film spots like in your garage or something that gets damp like I don't think I like that. I like it. I like the rest of it. I want to feel it. I want to see. Okay. Well, they definitely have one. This thing. This is the Han Solo one. $600. Wow. For that P for that parka. I think this one's cool. Yeah, that one is cool. Oh, the hat. I saw the hat. I didn't realize you could like fold it up so it like clips on your head. The guy that was wearing it online was like he had it like down there like a chin strap. See the kids Ewok jacket? Yeah. I also like the backpack, too. It's nice. Oh, yeah. Well, none of the kids will fit into this anymore, but we still have the Baby Yoda one. Yeah, it's good. We should see if they have the jackets in their size, though, for sure. Yeah, they have this one, the poncho, and the hoodie. But this is the jacket that I like these pockets. These are cool. I'm going to try it on. See what it looks like. Okay, this is the one that we saw in the window that I thought was cool. Like it. What does it look like on the back? Just like plain kind of. I wish the Star Cruiser was still open. I know. Yeah, this would be perfect for Star Cruiser. And then we found these for the kids. Yeah, they're so cute. Oh, yeah. Here's the the shoe, the boot. It's pretty cool. What does that mean? I can't read Arabic. I can't read it. Is it just this? It's a belt and you can tighten it around. All right, let me see you in your cool your whole look. I mean, I don't know. It is pretty. I mean, I don't think we need it, but it is pretty cool. Okay, so this is Han Solo's jacket, but it's also why this is 600. Because it's an interchange, so it has the vest that you can take out and the Omni Heat symbols. Show them the symbols. They're the rebel the Rebel symbols. That's pretty cool. Very unique. It like I know that it's silly, but I feel like it's a guy thing to want a duster. Why? I don't know. Just so you can do this, you know, pull one of these off. It is. I mean, yeah, it is. You look cool. Do I look cool? We don't need it, but you look cool. Oh, it's I didn't think this one would be 200. The most comfortable piece out of the entire Show me the inside. So, it's reversible. Oh, is it? Yeah. Kind of fun. Let me show you this way so I can see the colors. It's a little ugly, but in a fun way. I like the other side better. It's kind of like cold on the inside this way. I like the other side better. It kind of reminds me of like a 70s carpet. But if I like needed to hide in the woods somewhere. Yeah. Like I could always take it off and reverse it. It's true. But like putting it on this way, it's like putting on an Ewok. It's nice. I can wear this. Yeah, that is that is nice. Like it's hot, but it's nice. Which one would you would you get? Would you get this one or that one? I feel like this one looks cool, but this one looks more unique. I don't know. That's my only That's my only takeaway. Got t-shirts to Endor. The battle begins. Like I said before, I can't read this. The battle begins. I'm guessing that this one says that's no moon. Oh, what? No. Oh, yeah. That's the Death Star. There it is. There's only one thing I know about Star Wars and that's it. Oh, I didn't see the vest. You know, I could go without a vest. I do. This is nice. Yeah, that's cool. What does the other white one look like? Oh, look at the pocket. It's interesting. It's very futuristic. Oh, yeah. It's dark green. And this is like felt. Oh, that's fun. Oh, and there's this on the sleeve. Is this where I don't know. Yeah, sure. It's a good question. Where is this really? Somebody look this up and tell me what this really is. In the galaxy. I don't think it's a real number. Then there's a hat over here. How much is the hat? $60. I Yeah, I know. This does remind me of what they wear on Rise of the Resistance, but like in a different color, you know? Yeah. There's a little water bottle like backpack sling type thing. Oh, that is cool. Yeah. With like another little pocket on it, too. Yeah. for you to put I don't know like Ewok treats or whatever. What's that gift card that you get? Like metal. Oh, you're talking about uh money. What's the money called? What's the money? Credits. But yeah, but what is it called? Touch the K, right? I don't know. There's one from the Mandalorian that was like silver and then there what is it? Galactic credits. But that's not right. There's a name for it cuz they sold it in Galaxy's Edge. Remember? Yeah. Yeah. Um let let me know in the comments. Yeah, I can't remember. But here are the pants. You could wear like uh you know, keep all your stuff in there. What do you need to bring with you? You could fit it. They're like like made of canvas. Oh, they're kind of like a like denim. Yeah. Oh, nub nub. Is that what they say? I think that's the one. I don't It's a great question. Well, now we got to go somewhere cold. What the heck? We did stop in Rothey's real quick. These shoes are all made of recycled plastic, which is pretty awesome. Jen has these. She loves them. Um she has some other ones, too. She has like their slide on ones. Oh, they look like this. Yeah, these these are men's. I have these in the women's. Um they're they're more like that boulay like sort of like this. They're not as like not as pronounced as that. Yeah. Yeah. She likes them. They're very comfortable, right? But what I really like is they're all made of recycled materials, like all recycled plastic. And you can wash them in the washing machine. Yeah. Which is like amazing. So if you have like stinky feet, you can wash your shoes. M these. Oh yeah, you keep wanting to buy pointy shoes. My feet are too and they never work out for you. Over here at Lily Pulitzer, they have a new Mickey and Mini print in the hearts with X. This is like perfect for you like pre-planned for your Valentine's Day maybe. You're like Valentine's Day beach picnic. Eco Drive means it doesn't need a battery. It's $250. It's off. It's been discounted almost half off. My goodness. Interesting. So, my mom used to like collect Mickey and Goofy watches and stuff. She had that one Goofy watch where it like went it ran backwards. Oh, yeah. It was hard to tell the time on it, but it was cool. Yeah. Okay. So, it's more for like the the novelty of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz all the numbers were backwards instead of going like 121 2011 12 11 10 9. You'd have to like retrain your brain and when you got a new watch, you'd be like, I don't know how to tell time. Yeah. I would love to go through your parents and my grandparents Disney stuff. Yeah. Like their old Disney things cuz I bet they have like a treasure trove of cool things. Anyone to buy 10,000 copies of Eyes and Ears magazine or newspaper, whatever you call it. Oh, yeah. I remember that. We got a lot of them. Who wants a fragrance gift for Christmas? Oh, she wants to smell. Remember this one? No. What is it? Missing version. Oh, yeah. I remember. It was such a weird name. I already have some on my wrist, so I got sprayed on. You have missing persons on your wrist. We came into shore and I kind of want to be the guy that like makes up shirt sayings. I was talking to you. Oh, I know. Sorry. This is the one. Yeah, I like that. We saw it in the window. That's why we came in. But like, do you think I could like There was another shirt that said, "My favorite drink is the next one." Yeah. Like, would you wear it? No, but I'm saying I want to be the guy that comes up with those things. I don't think I have that imagination, but maybe if I put my mind to it. I feel like it's just old postcard saying. Yeah. Like, you know, like wish you were beer, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, we on like a Star Wars kick. You can get some Ewok socks, too, from Stance. I was trying to figure out this guy. A ton. Ah, okay. He's the one that they slept inside of their bodies. Yeah. What is the internal temperature of a tonton? Uh, 98.6. Lukewarm. Oh, Puff Tech. Insulated by air. That sounds like something from Idiocracy, right? Like it's got the electrolytes that plants crave. passing by the Pandora store. And something fun that we found out is that here at the Pandora store, you don't get your annual passholder discount. But if you buy a Pandora Charm, say at like one of those stores at Epcot, you get your annual passholder discount. We were thinking of getting a cookie from Gideonss, but it's a long line today. Also, you should get cookies for Santa from Gideon's, right? You'd like win. He'd maybe leave you an extra gift. Went to Jock Lindsy's the last time today. Wine bar George. At least we're going to see if they have a table. We're going to see. I'm sure they do have any menu. Oh yeah. What are we going to get? Butternut squash risoto. I have a roasted onion. Five onion dips. Steak fruits. Smash burger. Oh yeah. I got to get that. So I'm going to go with the smash burger because we've never had a smash burger at Wine Bar George. I've had this BLTC and it's really good. But broughtwurst. I don't think I've ever had a broughtwurst here before either. Oh man, it doesn't sound familiar. Right. Bri and turkey sandwich. Not a huge fan of Bri. I know that's like an unpopular opinion. It's just not for me. I like the the wine or the cocktail list has some really fun names like remember me tomorrow. Le layover in Glasow. Wabbit season. And honestly, not for everyone. Black garlic infused gin and bergamont liquor. Oh yeah, I could see why. Curtis cookie jam with the spanicopita salad. Spanicopa salad. It's pretty good. Got like little fried pieces of filo. Um the colama olives and some feta. Yeah, it's good. It's delicious. Butternut squash risoto. And when they brought it out, it was kind of like tilted to the side and all the little like green bubbles came rolling around and I was like, "Oh, it's like a little lava lamp." So, this has butternut squash risoto and then this has like pickled red onions. Mhm. And I think these are just like chunks of butternut squash, roasted butternut squash, and micro greens. They brought out the smash burger and it smells so good. It looks so good. Oh my gosh. Oh man. Looks so yummy. All right. You said that the butternut squash risoto was a little bit spicy. Mhm. It's really good. Actually, it goes really nicely with the salad because the salad's super like salty and like that, you know, your mouth is kind of watering kind of flavor. And this is more creamy and like a little kick. I think they go well together. Like Okay. Oh, the bun. Look at that. Yeah, the bun is really nice, actually. It's like pillowy. Here we go. Make it good. Good. I know I do this a lot. But perfect smash burger that's cooked on a flat top has a crust to it. And I can tell right as soon as I bit into it, that crust was there. Yeah. So good. Here's a look at it. Yeah. You can see the the crunch like the uh the outside charring the crust. There's like a scientific name for it. I don't know what it is. Sorry. Has anybody ever done this or is this just a me thing to do? It might be a dad thing to do, but like whenever you have a good meal somewhere where it's like really popular, like we're here at Disney Springs, a lot of people at Disney Springs. I like to walk out of a restaurant and go, "Oh man, that was the best meal I've ever had." Like really loud. And I'm not trying to like embarrass you. I'm just trying to like hype up the restaurant cuz I feel like it was a good meal. I want the more people to be like, "Oh, well that guy made my decision for me. Let's go in." You know? So, my favorite thing at at lunch, and we'll talk about the food, too, because it was really good. But my favorite thing was when um a guy was ordering his food and the uh the server was like, "Any food allergies?" I know. She goes, "Yeah." She goes, "Any food allergies?" He goes, "No, thank you. I'm good." He's like, "No, not today." But also, if you guys go to Wine Bar George and you see George, ask him. Ask him about wines. He's like he's a he's a samo. So, like he's like a master sier, too. There's it's a very few number that is a master. And so he knows a lot about wine. But like if you see him and he's not like in the middle of doing something, yeah, do it. Ask him about the wine that you like. He likes to tell you about some stuff. All right, we got two more stops we have to make here at Disney Springs. We're going to go through World of Disney real quick. So we asked the Discord like if there's anything they wanted to see. There's one thing in particular that they asked to see. We're going to go check on that and then we're going to go check out this blind box store. Place that took the place of my magnets. The world of Disney. Let's go. I don't know if I saw this this one. Did I at Disney World? I don't I don't remember seeing that in the video. Yeah, the 2026 passholder shirt. I have to say I like this collection. I like the colors, but it also kind of looks like those shirts that you find at like random gift shops. Yeah, I know. Like Mickey's not quite right. Yeah, I am uncomfortable with this. This is weird, right? It looks like real popcorn. Do you think you'd get attacked by seagulls? No, because they don't smell like poop. Yeah, but then like if it's looking It's already Oh, $20. Oh, it's on sale. No additional sizes available. It is. This is a Christmas shirt, right? Is it? It looks like Christmas Eyes. Yeah. Yeah. And it says Walt Disney. And on the back there's just a ton of bows. Oh, yeah. Look, they're doing like the girl dinner. Who is this? This it's like a It's like that track. You I you looked kind of past me for a second when you said that. So I like looked to my left and I was like, "What is that?" It's like the car cover dinner. It's like the girl dinner trend. Why don't you guys have pizza with Mickey Mouse pepperonis on Disney? They had them at Tokyo Disney. This kind of hurts my eyes. Yeah, it's kind of horrible, but I love it at the same time. There's a lot of these pink pink shirts today. A lot of pink stuff for Christmas. This is cute. I do like this one. It's kind of like puffy paint and then everybody's wearing pink, which is fun. It feels very vintage, right? This does. I was going to say it reminds me of like the '9s. Yeah. I love the hat. This is actually so cute. Is it Belle's castle? Is this the Disneyland castle or is it our castle? It's very cute. Still pretty obsessed with this Expedition Mickey collection. That Brett Eyew did. I like it. I did just buy another jacket though. It's my fault. I don't size. So that that works out. Okay. Unless I fit into a medium. Yeah, it is cuz it's like canvas. Yeah, this is like wildly heavy. I think you'd be like sore after wearing it. Yeah, I'd be a bodybuilder. He's trying to talk you out of it. Well, you're doing a great job. I actually You saying that it's heavy made me actually want to get it more. Why? So I could get a little workout in while I'm Yeah, it's like a like I'm doing some lunges in it. This is cool. Do you see the back of it? Yeah, that is cool. Yeah. Dang. I mean, you think we ever see this at the out loud? I don't think so. No. No. Maybe like wishful thinking, right? So, I like this. So, outside of Gear Deli and across from Basin and just outside of the the Disney World of Disney store, Vivoli Vivole Gelato got an avocado stand here. So, let's see here. Original cream custard, pistachio cookies and cream and chocolate. Oh, I feel like the cream custard and the pistachio would be so good. Oh, can you mix them? No. No. I mean, like, those would be my two top choices. Oh, so if you guys don't know, an avocado, they put the the ice cream in there and then they do a an espresso over top of it. Oo. All I smell is basin, but I'm sure it's delicious right here. Oh, look. Instead of water, it's snow. Oh my god, that's fun. That's so cute. Usually he's spitting now. It's just snowing outside of the Disney store. How festive. I know. Um, so we went into Sephora because I was going to get I there was something that I wanted to get for my sister and then I realized that I have a coupon that I need to use, but I need to do it at home online. But I I tried to smell one of the perfumes. Which way was it? This smell. Oh, yeah. I'm smelling chocolate. Okay. But anyway, I'm so smells Everything's very smelly today. Yeah. I don't know. I don't think you were smelling chocolate on your hand. I think we were passing by. here in Delhi. But yeah, it is very smelly today and busy. All right, let's head into the co-op. Oh, look. There's like a Disney Springs photo op in here. Says IHeart Disney Springs. Okay, so now the vault got moved over here where the magnets were. And over here is the drop shop. Yeah, they moved it around a little bit. Kind of flip-flopped it a little. So, these are all just blind boxes that you can get. The Disney trash can blind box. This feels very like Japan, right? I feel like this is um they made other stuff. Yeah, I remember. I recognize this name. Oh, he's like on a little mushroom. Yeah, that's cute. Oh, and they can sleep. Oh my gosh. Little sleepy guys. Oh no, they're getting you. They're getting you. No discounts, no refunds or exchanges. Oh, these are fun. Yeah, they're like all hidden. Those are cute, I guess. I like this. Like succulents. Oh, yeah. These are cute. Disney succulents. Pocket Plant series. That's cute. Oh, Galactic Sidekicks. That's fun. This one's easy to open. You just take the like cover off the outside of it. Oh, and then you can see which one you got. Yeah. So, this droid box and this one is like popsicles like the kind that you used to get from like the the ice cream man when you were a kid. But they're kind of squishy, too. It looks like shoes. Oh, look. It's like little avatar babies. That's fun. Make it a sand castle. Okay. I'm not going to lie. Spiderbots. When they announced this, I'm like, "This is so dumb." Um, it's not. It's actually very cute and cool and I kind of love it. Oh, look. It's little Star Wars guys in their ships. It's fun. So, okay. Oh, like a Stitch Loki. But as all of the Stitch Iron Man, Stitch Spider-Man, Stitch Rocket with a little group. That's cute. But why are Stitch Thor? Why are they trying to make Stitch happen so much? I don't know. People like Stitch, I guess. Let people like Stitch. Jeez, I like this like little pop star Donald. Also like to get a little guy in a peanut with his chip and nail plushy. No, not the banana. Not the banana knee. Oh, not the banana goofy. Oh jeez. I like this because it's Stitch dressed up as other characters like handmade costumes. Like he's Jacqu Jock here. He's the Lion King, but he just has like leaves around him. He's wearing like a a bear onesie there to be I don't maybe a You got me on that one. Sebastian, I got that one. Cheshire Cat. I do like that they do this where they tell you like what your chances are of getting each figure. Here's here's my way of doing things. I just like run up and grab the first one that I see. I don't like have any thought or reasoning. I just stood there for like an hour trying to figure out which one I thought would be the best. So, I'm glad you did it. So, okay. We got this one for me. The guy next to you is wearing the bread island shirt. Okay. Catch me on this banana knee one right here. We'll see. And let's just do these two. Okay. Okay. They also have some like Zootopia as kids things. So, they have a little table here for us to open up the blind boxes. And there's like a little photo op for you to put your little figure in and take a photo of it. Okay. Are we Are we doing it? Yeah, we're doing it. Oh, jeez. We got to Oh, you got to do it with your fingers. Is that what you do? I I don't know. You just open it. I feel like How do I How do I open it? Just like with this. Should I close my eyes? There's a guy that I follow that he like Oh, yeah. Okay. Close your eyes. It's truly a blind box. Okay. It's wrapped in another bag. Oh, is it? Oh. Oh, it's even more blindy. You can't tell. I just Okay. Was there something else in there? Yeah. The little the little Oh, the tufted. Okay. Oh, okay. You see it first? Yeah. Oh, that's fun. Minnie Mouse. Okay. Is she sleeping? She's sleeping. I think they're all sleeping, right? No, not all of them. Oh, and then you get a little like a little daisy. Oh, look at her sleeping. That's fun. There she is. She's tired just like me. Yeah. Okay. I love her. All right. Now you got to film me opening a mine. Also, she sits like that, too. Pretty cute. And we'll take some photos back there, too. I get it. I get it. When we're done. I get the craz. Yeah. Do it. Do it. Get it. My fingernails are a little bit longer than yours. I like that there's a thing. Yeah. They want to make it easy for you. So, which one is this? This is the little cutie guys. Yeah. So, these are the um the demo. The Yes. Okay. Or do is it? Yeah. I don't know. Tell us how to say it in the comments. Okay. Hold it up so I can see it. Hold on. Okay. I saw there's like a little picture frame in there. Oh, there is. Wait. Wait. Wait. Let me look. Let me look. I saw I thought this looked sort of like Goofy for a second. Oh, cuz we wanted to get the banana Goofy. Yeah, but so he has like a little like something. He's watching TV. Yeah, he's watching the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse. The Mickey Mouse Clubhouse. It's pretty cute. I think I like mine better. Yeah. I mean, this one's pretty good. I was really hoping for that goofy one, but I know. Uh-oh. So, there it is. That was our Disney drop shop blind box opening. There he is. Oh, I like his pink hair. I kind of love that. Now I feel like I got to go buy another one cuz I really wanted that goofy one. No, that's that's the whole thing. Yeah, that's the thing. I think this is adorable though. I do love him. So these are all of the ones you can get. Is there a mystery one? Not a mystery one. I kind of love the three nephews one. Oh, there is a secret one. One out of every 144 gets the secret. I guess I had it backwards. Oh, this is funny. Cuz there's a little card that came with it that like shows you and he's Mickey TV show. There you go. For this one, there is a secret one. Donald, Mickey, Minnie, Chip, Dale, and then one random little Tuppet like pillow included. I kind of wish I had gotten the mushroom. Oh jeez. No, I'm not buying anymore. Oh, and they have a recycling spot, and you get to vote for who your favorite character is. Either Pain or Panic. I mean, I got two boxes, so I'm just going to do one in each. There he is amongst the balloons. Feel like I should have moved him over so he's holding the balloons, maybe. Oh, that's pretty fun. It is kind of bad lighting for a photo, though. The temperature just hit 70. It's time for us to get out of here. It's too hot. So, we're heading to the car. We'll be picking this up back at home. Can't get enough of your love. Oh, I was just pointing at you cuz I can't get enough of your love. I can't get enough of your love. No, me. I said it first. All right, we're headed back to the car like Tim said. But this was so much fun. Had a good time. Lunch, blind boxes, a little Christmas. We didn't actually do the Christmas shopping, but I got a better idea of what I want to get. Star Wars. Oh, yeah. Columbia store. Yeah, it was a good trip. Good trip. It was a good trip. I'm glad that we went to the Columbia store cuz like I said, all the stuff was sold out online. I like that we could get it there. Yeah. And I think the kids are really going to like their jackets. Oh, yeah. Should we give them to them for Christmas? We could. I guess it depends on if it's going to be cold or not. They might need them. Oh, yeah. It's true. Yeah. How cold is it going to be? I don't know. It ended up warming up today. So, yeah, it started, if you guys are ever wondering what to pack, here's what the weather was today. At sunrise, it was 43. Now, at 2:00, it is uh 72. So, you know, do with that as you please. Do it. Okay. All right. Silly face. Okay. Do a silly face. All right. We're back from Disney Springs. The boys have been wild. All right. We're back home from Disney Springs. It was so much fun. The food was delicious. Winebar George is I feel like in my opinion a must do. The blind box store although I thought it was a silly idea. It's actually a lot of fun and I could see myself spending a lot of unnecessary money there. Yeah. Remember I showed you our little Mickey and Minnie. Remember? We had a great time. It was a lot of fun. We did a little Christmas like shopping like window shopping because it's stuff that I need to buy online with a coupon. So, but I wanted to see it in person, you know. I I bought some Star Wars stuff. Yeah. The kids look so cute in there. here. I'll I'll put a picture in. They look so cute in their jackets. Like those were adorable. So, it was a fantastic trip. Uh I hope you guys enjoyed following along and all in all a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. So, we'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
