---
video_id: yEhPOSU63mQ
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Leaving The Ship Heading Home, Cozy Thanksgiving Day & More Home Vlog Fun!"
published: 2025-11-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEhPOSU63mQ
---
Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning and welcome back to Port Everglades. We're back in Fort Lauderdale. Ship is already docked. It is now 6:00 in the morning. I got up earlier than I probably should have cuz my breakfast isn't until 7:00. So, I chose not to put my luggage out in the hallway last night. So, I'm just going to roll it off. I have one one bag, so it's no big deal for me. But, if you do choose to put your luggage out in the hallway, you have to put it out by 10:30. 10 is a night. Like, I I would put it out by 10:00. The official time is 10:30, but I would put it out by 10:00 so that the room attendants can get it and get it in its place and you don't have to worry about it anymore. Then they will take it and they will take it off the ship when you first dock and it'll be waiting for you at the port. That way you can have less luggage when you're trying to get breakfast and it's easier and it's nicer. And here's the thing that you have to do. Last night they gave me a little luggage tag. It's got daisy on it. In my case, it's gray and it has daisy on it. So you have to number one listen to what color and character luggage tag you have cuz that'll tell you the order that you can get off the ship. And it will also tell you where your luggage is at the port. They're all divided into sections. This is the section that my luggage would have been in would have been gray daisy. And so that's how I would know where my luggage is when I finally get off the ship. Like I said, I'm rolling mine off so I don't have to worry about any of that. So, I'm just packing up. I got very few things left to pack up. And then I'm going to go down and get some breakfast. Something else that is very important for you to have when you're getting off the ship is either your Disney Plus or your key to the world card. This is my room key. Uh that is how they know that I'm leaving the ship. This is like you want to make sure you don't lose your room key on a Disney cruise because that's how they check you off and on the ship at your ports and when you're getting off the actual ship. That's how they know that you are good to go. It's like tap off and they're like, "Okay, Tim has left the ship. We're good to go." And then I can go down to Port Authority and show them my passport. And they're like, "Do you have anything to declare?" And I say, "No." And then we head on our way. Typically, your breakfast in the morning would be at the place that you had dinner the night before. So, last night I was scheduled to have dinner at night or at Worlds of Marvel. I went to Paulo. So, that's where I would normally be going. But on this cruise, it's a little bit different. So, I'm headed to Pride Lands. That's where my breakfast is at. People down there waiting to get off. I guess we haven't been cleared by local customs and authorities to exit the ship. Last breakfast of this trip. There's some people loading like some camera equipment out of the ship. We got a beautiful view of just the the big boats and yachts that are over here in Port Everglades. Now, here we go. We've got to make our way around this just around the Sanctum and then we're going to make it off the ship. All right, Disney Destiny. I'll see you uh in a in a in a day. I'll be back. And now we're getting a a lift to the train station. So, we're just here in number seat. Basically, we came out from where we had our passports checked over there. Just kind of walked down and walked across the street and now we're in the ride share section. Super easy. I made it to the Bright Line station. I think the train just left. I was like, there was a train that was just here, but I'm here in the Bright Light Station. I decided to upgrade my ticket to premium cabin so I can get some some little food here. They've got some granola that you can have. Got some various danishes and pastries. Some potatoes, some egg bites, and some sausage. some bagels as well as a toaster. But then here's the wildest thing to me is on this side. They have complimentary beer. So if you're a fan of like drinking beer before taking getting on the train, they got it for you here. And they also have complimentary sodas as well as fruit. This is interesting cuz it's like boarding is open for everybody, but the train's not here. So should be coming soon though. It's coming in hot. And just like that, we made it back to Orlando. Now it's time to go home and see the family. All right, so now I am walking back to the car. I'm excited to see how not excited, but interested to see how much it cost to park in this lot cuz like I said, there was no signage earlier. So, when we first arrived at the train station, there's no signage saying it'll cost you this much per day or this is how much this lot cost. But this is a surface lot, so it should be less expensive than the garage, right? Also, there's nobody in the parking parking lot. Now, when we first got here, this lot was almost full, huh? So, let's find out together how much it cost. Let's see what it says here. Stop right here. Maybe up a little bit. $100. Oh my goodness. Well, there it is. It's $100. All right, I did make it home and this is actually after our maiden voyage on the Disney Destiny as well. But now we're heading into a home vlog. So, we're getting ready to cook dinner right now. So, join us for some delicious delicious sausages. I have the ring game. You have the ring game. Oh, you got to show it to the circle part over here. Hello. Did you guys miss daddy while he was gone? There you go. Hey, I have the circle square. Say hey. Howdy. Hey. Hey. Howdy. Oh yeah, they they just watched Toy Story 2. But so Tim went on his cruise. I showed you guys a little bit of what we did while he was gone. He came back for one day because in between the media cruise and the maiden voyage, the crew of the cruise ship had a day off. So he came home and then we left the very next day. He came home on Wednesday and then we left on Thursday and drove back down there, which you'll see all this, but I wanted to give you guys a little bit of a break from the Destiny content. I didn't want to go straight into nuts cruise. So, you will see it though. We had so much fun. The kids loved it. We loved it. But right now, um I'm going to make some dinner. So, I got these. So, I actually got these when Stephie and Dave came over with their kids. Um because they said their kids like sausages, but what they meant was they meant hot dogs. So, I bought the sausages cuz I didn't really understand what they meant. Um so, I think we're going to eat the sausages tonight. They're apple and gouda. They look good. I just I didn't I didn't make them when they were here. I made them hot dogs instead. But uh I also were going to do this Mediterranean crunch salad because Jackson really likes this salad and if he'll eat a salad, I'm going to make it. And I think we're just going to have some broccoli. And then tomorrow is Thanksgiving. So you're going to see our Thanksgiving vlog. And then the following day is actually the very first day of Festival of the Holidays. Then I'm going to go into the Destiny videos, the Destiny Maiden Voyage family cruise videos. So, I just want to give you a little bit of a break and um I want those other videos to go up on time. Yeah. So, I'm going to make dinner really quick and I think Tim's probably going to show you the stuff that he got on the media cruise cuz they give you lots of like swag basically like you know promotional things. So, he's going to show you that and um yeah, I'll be back in just a minute and I'll show you dinner. Speaking of dinner, let's have a word about today's sponsor, ButcherBox. Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat subscription box that delivers highquality meats and seafoods directly to your door. So you can skip the grocery store and have premium proteins delivered right to you. So let's open up our butcher box and see what we got. So this shows up right to your front door frozen, so it's ready for you to pop right in the freezer and then use when you want. We've got a grass-fed ribeye steak. Man, I love some steak. Grass-fed ground beef. Grass-fed beef sirloin tips. A St. Louis style pork spare ribs. Oh my goodness. Wow. Who's ready for some barbecue and rangefree chicken tendies? That's so exciting. How convenient. And you don't even have to go to the grocery store. It's delivered right to your door. You can customize your box. I love this. Today we decided to make the 100% grass-fed beef ribeye steak. Just look at this steak. Oh my goodness. Our weeks get pretty busy, especially this time of year. So, I love the flexible delivery schedule. That means we get what we want when we want it. And your subscription is super easy to manage online. Man, this steak is looking so good. I can't wait to dig into this. Oh man. Holy cow, that was so tender and juicy. M. Wow. It's good, right? Oh my gosh, you guys. You got to taste this flavor. So, if you want to check out ButcherBox for yourself, be sure to use the link in the description down below or use the QR code that's on the screen right now and use the code Tim Track 20 at checkout for an exclusive discount. And new users get free steak in every box for a year. So, once again, thank you to ButcherBox for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. All right, so here's what the boys are eating for dinner. Oliver's having some taquitos. Oh, so I forgot because I told you guys they were going to have the sausages. Tim and I are having leftover spaghetti. Mm. Yum. Um, so I was going to make them sausages and then neither of them wanted sausages. Oliver wanted taqua, which Jackson picked out taquitos at the grocery store and then my sister watched the kids like yesterday because we went to go see Wicked. Um, we went to see Wicked at the 40X in 40 eggs. It was wild. It was like I didn't think it was going to be that wild, right? But um so my sister did dinner time with them and like bath time and then we came home for Wicked about witches. It is. Yeah, it's about two witches. It was really good though. It was great. Well, um being friends. Yeah, they're friends. Kind of like when Lulu goes to witch school. They have brooms. They do. One has a broom. Elfie has a broom. Why does one have a broom? Cuz the other one has a bubble. She came down in a bubble. It's true. Um Oh, it's ready. Okay, so Jackson asked for pizza. His birthday is on Saturday and we were asking him. So he's not going to have his party on his actual birthday because a lot of his friends at school. We're going to have a little party with her. Yeah, we're going to have a little party. With ourselves. Yeah. So, we're going to celebrate together. But because his school is out for Thanksgiving break right now, I didn't want to have his party during Thanksgiving. Why does the witch come into the bubble? That's how she gets around. She floats down in a bubble. What? Which one has the magic wand? Glenda. Glenda. The one in the bubble. Yeah. Yeah. But so long story short, I knew you'd say that. So, long story short, Jackson wanted Okay. So, because it's Thanksgiving break right now, a lot of his friends from school. I didn't know if they were going to be in town. So, we're going to do his birthday when school is back in. That's when he's going to have his birthday party with his friends. So, Jackson asked for on Saturday to eat pizza all day. He had three requests. He wanted to play his video game all day. And so I think we'll all go on like a walk and do Pokémon Go cuz that's what he's into right now. He wanted to eat pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And so we were going to do pizza, eggs. Do a walk with Pokémon. Yeah, we are on Saturday. He's also never had a bagel bite before. So we got bagel bites for him to try for lunch. Other stuff, too. Like he's we're going to have like fruit and veg, too. But and then for dinner, he asked for pizza. But then tonight, he said, "I don't want pizza for my birthday. I want tacos." So we're going to do the pizza tonight because we have pizza tonight. So, he's going to have pizza. Oliver's going to have taquitos. We're going to have leftover spaghetti. But I have a backup plan. Now, Oliver wants pizza. Oh my god. But I have a backup plan. So, just in case Jackson still wants pizza on his birthday, I got stuff to make little pizzas, too. And then he asked for cupcakes. So, this is we got we just got him everything he asked for for our little family party. But then for his actual birthday, it'll be different. His actual birthday party. Okay. Sorry, that was hard to get through. Also, my birthday was yesterday. Happy birthday. Or two days ago, and I didn't get to celebrate my birthday, right? So, what am I gonna do? I don't know. What do you want to do? Do I get to eat pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner? Yeah. You want to go on a cruise by yourself? No, I really don't. You want to go stay at the Four Seasons by yourself? No, I don't. I don't want to. I don't want to stay in some ridiculously priced hotel right now. But I do want to have a day where I can just Not after dinner. Got to eat your dinner. I think what I really want is just a day where it's just quiet. That's what I want. I want to be able to just like sit in quiet. I don't even have to do anything. I don't have to watch TV. I don't have to read a book. I just want to sit in silence for my birthday. So, for Jackson's birthday, what did you request for your birthday treat? I want the strawberry cake thingies. They're like little strawberry bun cakes. And we also got um like birthday cake cupcakes as well. Just in I'm lollipop. So after dinner, if they eat their dinner, they can have one little snack, one little treat. So you have a a Dum Dum, a butterscotch Dum Dum. He chose that instead of a cupcake. So it must be really good. What did you choose, buddy? A cupcake. What did you choose? A cupcake. A cupcake. A half of a cupcake, right? Mommy and daddy split the other part. You just like the the icing. M my favorite part's the icing. And watch the replay. Both. So, like I was saying, we already went on the cruise. You guys are going to see that late a little bit later just so I can break up the two cruises a little bit for you. But, um, we had a lot of snacks and treats on the cruise. So, I think we're having a hard time coming back to normal life where we don't have as many snacks and treats. We still never went into Edna Alamodes. Oh, yeah. We never went into Edna Alamodes on spoiler alert on our cruise. Um, we never went in there and honestly it's okay cuz I feel like we had so much ice cream. What was your favorite flavor of ice cream on the pool deck? Um, pineapple. Was it the pineapple? You know, it's funny. That's like the flavor that I think is um unique to the to the Destiny. I've never seen it on another ship, at least in the free like soft serve machines. And I didn't like it. How? I thought it tasted too sweet, like too artificial. Pineapple. It didn't taste like a Dole Whip though. It tasted like candy. How? I don't know how to explain it. Coconut, too, by the way. Is that what it was? pineapple coconut. I don't know. It was just too too like extra sweet. I love the chocolate though because on a new cruise, the chocolate is very chocolatey. If you've been on other Disney cruises, sometimes you'll notice the chocolate is like very light colored. Like it's very not as chocolatey as you would want it to be. This cruise it was so chocolatey. It was amazing. Which is purely just from the amount of juice that they put in there. No, I know. But I feel like it gets like less and less over time. You know, they're putting less in. That's what it feels like. Yeah. Even on the islands, it was like super chocolatey. But did you eat your whole cupcake? Some of it's on his lap. Let me see. Where's the rest of your cupcake? Right there. On your leg. Let me clean it up. Oh, no. He's eating it. How was it, buddy? Was it so yummy? Yeah. I'm going to have this frosting. Oh. Happy Thanksgiving morning. We're making breakfast. We're doing Thanksgiving a little bit different this year. It's just going to be us. So, we're making bacon right now. Oliver loves these like little mini pancakes and he's already eaten his mini pancakes. You ate all your pancakes. Great job. All right, so we got our bacon on our pan and we're gonna do it in the oven. We don't typically do it in the oven, but we're doing in the oven today. Preheating to 400. And once it's ready, we'll pop that bacon on in there. You want to make pie? Where are we going to get pie from? Um, I'll go get some from the store. Oh, well, we have a pie. We have a pumpkin pie for today. So, we could eat that. Do you want to eat pumpkin pie tonight after dinner? Oh, no. I have to eat right now. You can't eat pie for breakfast. So, right now, we're waiting for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade to start. Starts in about 9 minutes and we're going to hang out, eat breakfast, watch the Thanksgiving Day parade, check and see if there's a Pokémon Go event happening and we'll go from there. Every time I put something in the oven that's from a package, I always read the baking instructions on this. The bacon was like, "Bake it for 15 to 20 minutes or to your desired crispiness." So, I was like, we'll start with 15 and we'll see where it is. Friends, this is not cooked at all. Like, that's 15 minutes. No, that's not Nobody eats their bacon like that, right? It is time. What time is it? Make eggs. Oh, it's time to make eggs. You saw Santa Claus already? Oh, in the commercial. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't realize. So, we're watching the Macy's. Apparently, it's called the Macy's Day Parade now because it's so ingrained with Thanksgiving. You don't even have to call it the Thanksgiving Day Parade. It's just the Macy's Day Parade. Although on the screen right now it does say the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. But um Santa's 3 hours into the parade. Hello. Oh, some eggs. I see. Making some eggies. Making eggs. You guys want to see how my bacon turned out? Oh, you're cooking up some biscuits, too. I didn't even know we had biscuits. I found them in the freezer. Look at that. Oh, you got Yeah, that looks so dark. It's not that burnt in real life. But are you guys a crispy bacon family or are you like a floppy bacon family? I don't understand people who like floppy bacon. Yeah. Not for me. We're 100% crispy bacon. Yeah, we took the battery out. The the battery magically doesn't work anymore on that. No, I was going to replace it. They love it. So, but it's like a tiny weird It was like a It's a voice changer. Quadruple A battery or something like that. Quinta A battery. He's trying to get it to change his voice. But yeah, we're we're crispy bacon family. What do you think of your breakfast? Good. Yeah. I'm sorry I burnt the biscuits a little bit. Are they okay? I like them. You like them? Okay, good. So, we got some very crispy bacon, some cheesy eggs, some burnt biscuits. What about you, buddy? Just save Luigi from underneath the fort. Oh, Luigi was was in distress and Mario got him. Wow. Who's on your shirt? Oh, yeah. How's your bacon? Now they're both stuck. Oh no. Who's going to save them? What do you think? Thanks for making the bacon. It's so good. Oh, thank you. Oh, no. I saw a bad guy. Who's the bad guy? The table, apparently. Oh, the table's the bad guy. So, we're still watching the Macy's bridge. The bad guy. You did? Oh, no. The butter is the bad guy. Oh, they're sitting down behind the desk now. So, the float I think that means the floats are starting. The Mario float's going by and the Macy's float almost look like a superstar. What do you think? You stay in New York. How close were you to the foot locker? To the Foot Locker? I don't know. Oh, why? Oh, they're passing by. Oh, look. There's a Luffy. Monkey to Luffy. Wa. What are you guys doing? We're coloring. What are you coloring, buddy? Uh, a flower. What color is your flower going to be? You want to color on mommies? Yeah. Oh, okay. Here, let me move it on the table. Oh, you're coloring a Christmas tree. What are you coloring, Jackson? Jackson's is awesome. Doing all kinds of different candy canes. I love it. I like the rainbow one. Should we get candy canes for Christmas this year? Yes, we should. Thank you for helping me color mine, Oliver. You want to help me color mine? Wait, I wasn't having anything. You want to color something on this page? You guys are doing great. Thank you. Look, there they are. Who's this? Hercules. Oh, is this the Destiny song? Yeah. Where's uh Zia and Gamble? Right. They're not there. Oh, there she is. Oh, Kella. Remember remember when we saw the different Oh, this is exciting. Well, there's Tchala and Spider-Man and Loki. Spider-Man's got some quads. There was a laboo float, like a balloon. Yeah. And some collector out there was like the ultimate ultimate labu right there. All right, so Snoopy just came on the uh on the parade. So Snoopy came on. He goes, "Oh, look. There's a dog." And I said, "What's that dog's name?" And he said, "That's Sneaky the dog." So Snoopy will forever be sneaky. That's Sneaky the dog. Thought that was kind of funny. And guess who's coming up next in the parade? I feel like after all the guests they've had, I I don't even have a guess cuz it was like Jewel and Shaggy. Yeah. So who it could be? It could literally be anybody. It's Buster. So now they're showing the Stranger Things float. Foreigners playing. You see the dummy over there? Wa! Look at him. He looks pretty wild. He's dancing. He loves Foreigner. Do you think they have in the upside down? Do you think that they have like8s bands in the upside down? Foreigner is the name of a band. And in the upside down, they sing hot as hot as what's hot? The sun. You're as hot as ice. You're as hot as the sun. I know. You're as hot as Oh, this is the world's smallest float. Look, it's being towed by a remote control truck. What? It's for goldfish. Yeah. I thought for sure it was going to be for Zootopia. This is the most amazing thing I ever see. Where's the driver? Uh, good question. That float was a whopping 14 goldfish long. The oldest. This is the oldest float. The what do you say? 49th or 39th? The 39th voyage on Paulie pirate ship. Santa Claus. You see Santa Claus? I've been waiting for Santa to come on for like hours. He's there. Also, something something happened with our signal, so our TV's blurry. Oh, yeah. Don't forget about Mrs. Claus. Oh, there she is. Mrs. Claus. So, Jackson's been obsessed with Pokémon recently, and he's been playing Pokémon Go, and it's been nice cuz we've been going as like for family walks while he plays Pokémon Go. So, let me ask you guys this. What? So, I know there's a ton of Christmas movies. Mhm. What's a Thanksgiving movie? Oh, a Thanksgiving movie. Is that like only one more sleep till Christmas? A Christmas Carol. Oh yeah, because when he wakes up, he's like, "Boy, what day is it? Go fetch me the largest turkey in the window, but I think it's still Christmas." Oh, yeah. So, what's a Thanksgiving movie? So, I am um I think it's called Thanksgiving. Oh, it's a horror movie. Um I'm making like the sides for our dinner. So, I know a lot of times people on Thanksgiving will have like dinner at 3:00 in the afternoon or like lunch really. We're not going to do that because Oliver is napping right now. Tim just put Oliver up for his nap. And Jackson, we told him he could play Mario Maker for a little bit and then I'm making some mac and cheese. Don't judge me, but we're just doing like we're doing simple Thanksgiving cuz it's just us and the kids will not eat any of this, right? They won't even eat the mac and cheese, but I just got this like mac and cheese in a bag type thing. You bake it, but um and then I got and this really don't judge me, but I got just stove top. So, and then we're going to do Really, it's me that they should be judging cuz I'm the one that bought all this stuff. I went out to the grocery store and picked it all up. They're not going to eat it. They like they're not going to eat the stuffing. They'll try it. I'm going to have them try it, but I just don't see them eating like a whole bunch of it. That's why I got the chicken one cuz there's turkey stuffing, too. I got chicken stuffing because number one, kids are having chicken tonight. I don't think it really matters. I think they're very similar. They prefer the taste of chicken. Yeah. I can't imagine they taste that different. Probably not. I don't know. So, but they're going to have chicken for dinner. Um, we're just making just regular chicken. We're going to have a steak cuz we have some extra steak from the other day. And then I got a salad. I have some vegetables. I'm going to prep my carrots right now. Like four carrots. I'm going to make It's all we need. It's all we need. I got some uh broccoli and some rolls. Already you've said more than we need. Yeah, for us it's just the two of us. I don't even think we really need that much. We'll have leftovers. I think we need the steak, a potato, and a vegetable. I'm not even making potato. Do you want me to make potato? No, you don't have to. We need steak. Uh, mashed potatoes and I'll make mashed potatoes. Some carrots or some stuffing? The stuffing is The stuffing's the the carb. I have time. I'm going to make some potatoes, so I'm going to do that, too. Well, Oliver's going to nap for like 2 hours, so I have 2 hours to, you know, cook. Oh, and then we also have pumpkin pie. We bought a pumpkin pie. So, yeah. I feel like it's going to be a pretty Thanksgivingy Thanksgiving menu, but you know, not not like when there's a whole bunch of people here. The boys are playing. What are you guys playing? Mario Maker 2. Mario Maker 2. Jackson made the hardest level in the world. Oh, Jackson made this level. Yeah. Wa. Can you guys see it? Probably not. There it is. I gave them a little a little snacky of cucumbers and carrots and hummus while holding the top. Oh, okay. And I'm making dinner. All right. So, I have my macaroni is ready to go into the oven. I just have to put the breadcrumbs on top. I have my carrots are ready to be roasted as well. I have a little olive oil, salt, and pepper, little seasoning. My potatoes are boiling. I'm going to make some mashed potatoes. And yep. Oh, this is ready. Okay, cool. All right, my breadcrumbs are on top. They're going in the oven for just like 10 minutes to kind of brown up, and then this will be done. Okay, Oliver has been asleep for like over 2 hours now, and I was planning on having dinner ready when he woke up, but I don't know when he's going to wake up. So, this has been a little bit harder like timewise, time management wise. But, I have my macaroni and cheese is done. My mashed potatoes are done. My steak is coming to temperature. You just want to make sure it's not, you know, like you want to make sure it's room temperature. So, I seasoned it. It's coming to room temperature. I got some carrots roasted. I didn't make too too many cuz I don't know if the kids are going to eat them. But I will put some on their plate. And then I just need to cook our steak, cook the boys chicken, and then I have to make the stuffing. But I didn't realize cuz I don't usually make like stove top stuffing. You literally it just takes 5 minutes. So you just boil the water and the butter and then add the stuffing mix and then fluff it for 5 minutes and it's done. I thought it was going to be more involved. Uh but it's not. So, which I'm not mad about. I just was surprised. And then I have some rolls. I have a salad. I don't even know if I'm going to make the salad because I have kind of a lot of food. Uh, but yeah, this is going to be dinner as soon as Oliver gets up. We'll we'll see. We'll see when he wakes up. So, I wanted to show you guys our trees in the back back here are are plants. These are plumearas. All the leaves fell off when it got real cold that one time, but they're already starting to grow back. You can see right there. Like, they're doing okay. Don't have to worry about those. This one, what was this? Um, a papaya. I think it was papaya, guava, or mango. So, the top of it died. All the leaves fell off. But look, it's starting to grow new leaves. So, I just need to like cut it off here. Like, it's dead. Oh my gosh. You can see that. So, I just need to cut it where it's like actually solid. Like down here. Yeah. Down here, it's solid. So, I'm going to get the saw and I'm going to cut it where it's solid. Right there. Dang. Cuz it was like a real I mean, it was like as tall as the fence. Yeah. This is It's going to be like a bonsai now. Oh no. And then our other one, the same sort of thing happened with this one where it got cold that one time. Oh, they got all these grass clippings all over it because it's a little shorty guy. But you can see the the leaves are kind of Well, see, but they're still doing the bottom. I think we got to put the little things around all of the trees. Yeah, these guys are resilient. You can see it's starting to grow again, too. Right here. So, it's doing okay. Okay, I have to go back in and I think I'm going to start the steak and the chicken now. Our neighbor's dog is out. Our neighbor's dog's coming to bark at us. She's very cute. Um, but I think I'm gonna start him now because I feel like Oliver is gonna get up like any any minute. Yeah. Right. It's like almost 4:30. Yeah. He had a big nap. He always naps like super long when like today where I'm like I don't know what time he's going to wake up. I don't know when to start the food. We also didn't really like do anything today. Well, we watched the parade. No, we took a like a mile walk. Pokemon walk. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like we'll take a walk after dinner again, too. Just cuz it's so nice out right now. It's like the weather is perfect. So, it's 69 degrees outside right now and tomorrow is the first day of Festival of the Holidays, right? Yeah. It's going to be perfect tomorrow. It's going to be cold tomorrow. I know. We're going to be dressed for Festival of the Holidays, right? I'm excited. Then it's going to get hot again the next day. It's okay. Tomorrow, just FYI one day. The boys are making the salad. Look at us. How's it going? Good. What salad are you making? I think it's going to be good. Is that all the dressing? Yeah. Doesn't look very dressed. I don't know. You guys will be happy to know that for a mere $35 thanks to Black Friday, we got a seven quart crock pot. A bigger one. Oh, did you? Yeah. Look at us. We're going to cook stuff so slow. Mhm. We'll feed the whole crowd. That's what it says. It's big enough for nine people. That's us. Thing is is where do we put it? I'm going to get rid of the other one. Give that one to your sister. I like the other one. What? This one takes its place. We literally are never going to use that. Like when do we make that much food? We did it once. Now it's $35. Now we give your sister the smaller one. But that's the size we've used. Well, no. You can still make the small size in this one, too. Well, I think Jackson's just laughing at us. Some chicken. Oh, shoot. I got to put my my stuffing in. I didn't realize it was boiling. Put your stuffing in. Okay. How does this look? It's pretty good. How does it smell? Smells pretty good. I thought it smelled pretty good, too. Smells like garlicky. Yeah. Chicken tendy. Do you think it smells good, too, buddy? I don't know if I recorded it, but this is Jackson's plate. So, we've got carrots, stuffing, chicken, macaroni and cheese, and mashed potatoes, and then a salad. So, what do you think so far, buddy? Good. Yeah. And you already said it, but what are you thankful for? And thank you for family butts. And thank you for family. Our family's butts. Oh my goodness. Thankful for thankful for you, Jackson, and your silly silly uh humor. This one's still asleep. He woke up for like a second. I know. I wanted to wait for him. We're still going to have I feel like we'll probably have seconds with him. Um but I had to heat stuff up cuz it was I made it so long ago. Oh yeah. So I'm going to just make your plate with the chicken. I'm going to cook the steak now. Okay. I thought you were cooking the steak in the microwave. I was like, "Oh yeah, we also made steak." Boy oh boy, it looks It looks so much better before I cut it. I mean, it looks good now. How was the steak? Good. You liked it? I'm glad you liked it. I should try piece of your steak. You want to try a piece of mine? Okay, I'll cut you off a little piece. How do you like your chicken, though? Yeah. Will you take a bite of your chicken? You're like daddy. Uhoh. One second in your mouth and you go, "Oh, it's the best thing I ever had." What? Did you drop? That was the best chicken I never had. That was the best chicken you never had. Best chicken ever. I loved it. Um, I think I tell What is it? What tickles? Um, when you get the haircut, it tickles. I was just telling him how I liked his cool dude hair after his nap. Can I see your nap hair? Look at that hair. Okay, now show me. Show me. And he said, "I got a haircut. Let me see your hair." You don't have nap hair, but you do have cool dude hair. Y Whoa, buddy. What are you thankful for, Oliver? Um, poopy pants. Poopy pants. What else? What did you say? You said You said cheese sticks. He said cheese sticks and gummies. That noise. Oh, that's not a thankful noise. He's thankful for his He's thankful that he can make that noise. What did he say for the second one? Cheeseest sticks. What are you thankful for? I am thankful for that chicken. I mean the dinner. Oh yeah. You thankful for dinner. And I am thankful for I need pumpkin pie. That's what pooky Thanksgiving is thankful for. Thankful for I was trying to remember what else they say. I'm thankful for my family, for you and baby brother and daddy. I'm thankful for Jen. And I'm thankful for the boys. Thankful for you guys. Thankful for high fives. How do you feel, Oliver? Good. Good. Do you like your clothes? How do How do your clothes feel? Yeah. Let's play a game of high fives. High fives. Let's play a game of pipes. But how do your clothes feel? Do you feel cozy? It's a cool 64 degrees outside, but once we get going in the golf cart, it's gonna be cold. Here's my Here's my golf cart riding fence. I like it. Um, this So, Tim went to D23 or Destination D23, one of them, and he's like, "Should I get you this?" I was like, "No, I don't think I'll ever use it." I use this thing every day. Okay, we decided to take the golf cart out and look at some Christmas decorations. Those things on that house. Did you see them? Oh, look at this. Huge. Oh, yeah. Let's see. Whoa. Shoot. Those are like 12 12oot skeleton. You've heard of the 12ft skeleton? They have 12t reindeer. It makes me like want to decorate the outside of our house. We never have. We did one year. We Oh, yeah. We did one year and the guy across the street was like, "You tried." And we're like, "What? We really did try. It was hard." I thought it looked pretty good. I thought it looked good, too. But then we were like out of town for most of December of the other year, so we didn't do it. What do you think, buddy? Are you all cozy? You got your blankie on? Yeah. So, Tim was saying that he wanted to get the permanent Christmas lights like this house has them right here where you just leave them up, but you I guess you take the bulbs out. I don't really know. No, no, they just change with honey on like for Marty Gro. You could have like per is are the lights just always up? Yeah. Does our neighborhood allow that? Yeah, cuz they're hidden behind the eve. Oh, okay. So yeah, Tim wanted to do the permanent lights, but it's very expensive the first time that you do it because you're buying the lights and the installation. But do any of you He wanted to know if any of you guys had experience with the permanent lights. And if you did, let us know. Do you like them? Do you not recommend it? Tell us in the comments because we um are thinking about it. We're on the fence about it. Jackson's playing Pokémon Go. Do you see what's happening? Is there a battle? No. No battles. No battles. He's just always running out of Pokéballs. Oh, you need to get more balls. How was it? Did you love seeing all the lights? Who What was your favorite lights that you saw? Um the ball on lights. The ball ones. Yeah, those were cool. It is much much later in the night. We went and saw the Christmas lights. It was so much fun. Oliver loved seeing all the lights. Jackson was catching Pokémon. He got some that he didn't have, so that was very exciting. And uh yeah, it was awesome. I think we're going to take more trips around the neighborhood with the golf cart because it's just like fun for everybody. It was awesome. I love seeing the lights. Got some inspiration. So, maybe we might do some lights outside of our house. Still thinking about that. I came back and I cleaned up everything. So, all of the a few things in there that I need to hand wash, but everything is clean. Everything is put away. All the leftovers. We did have a lot of leftovers. It was a great Thanksgiving. It was nice to spend it at home. We've just been out so much this month that just being here and having really lowkey Thanksgiving was like exactly what we needed. It was amazing. Jackson's birthday is in a couple of days, so like we have to really try to get that all taken care of and just there's a lot of things that I want to do around the house, but I don't want him to know that we're doing them. So, I want it to be a surprise. And so, today we were able to spend some time like figuring out the logistics of that. Yeah. But look forward to that. So, we are going to just have a really fun end of the month and Thanksgiving was the start of it. So, I hope you guys had a great Thanksgiving. Tim's putting the kids to bed while I finish the cleaning and the editing of this video that you're watching right now. And um as soon as he's done, we're going to watch Stranger Things cuz we were supposed to watch it last night and I fell I was so tired yesterday. So I fell asleep at like 8:30. I felt so bad. I told him I was like, "You can watch it." Cuz he woke me up. I was in Jackson's room and I told him I'm like, "You can watch it. Like watch it without me. I feel bad. I have to go to sleep right now, but like go watch it." And he's like, "No, no, I'll wait for you." So like that's love. So, we're going to watch it tonight. And um yeah, it was uh it was a great day. It was a great day. I know it probably wasn't super exciting for you guys, like to be watching it, but thank you for like I don't know, allowing us to have these low-key days cuz I need them sometimes. I'm also going to get some laundry done really quick while he's putting the kids to bed. I have a few loads of laundry that need to go in. And um yeah, and then I'm just going to sit here and edit. I've been editing on our laptop. So, we got a laptop. Remember when we had that trouble with our live show? Oh, also I have like my pimple cream on. So, it's that part of the day where I put my pimple cream on and get ready for bed. But there's the laptop and my little lap desk. So, I've been editing on the laptop and it's just been so nice to edit. Like, I love this couch. Just like so comfortable on this couch. So, I'm going to do a little comfy editing while he's putting the kids to bed and I'm going to get the laundry together right now. And then I'll see you in a minute when he comes downstairs. And then we're going to watch Stranger Things and maybe we'll give you our thoughts. No spoilers, but just like our thoughts. So stay tuned for that. Ah, yes. Another Thanksgiving. Well, today it's actually the next day. Yeah. So, we ended up watching Stranger Things and we uh I fell asleep. Tim gave me a recap. I think I was just so tired. It was good. Don't take me falling asleep as like a I don't know how she fell asleep. I don't either. I really don't. Um, we watched the first two episodes and um I'm really excited to see where this season goes. Yeah. Where this final season goes. What do you think's going to happen? You want me to give spoilers? Oh, no. We said no spoilers. No spoilers. It was super exciting. I did think that it was filmed differently than like the rest of the four season. Like the other seasons were filmed. Maybe there's a new director or something. I don't know. But it felt more like like an action movie. Yeah. Cinematic. Yeah. It was It's not bad. It's just different. But um the kids are playing with So my sister's here and she gave Jackson his birthday present. His birthday's tomorrow and they're playing with the uh the present. She got him like an air hockey a little mini air hockey table. They love it. It's a hit. Yeah. But yeah, I think it's I I really do like the uh the season so far. I'm a little nervous for some of my favorite characters, though. Yeah. Not going to like No spoilers, but I just I have this feeling like some of my favorites might not make it through. There's a lot of tension. Yeah. A lot of stuff going on. But uh but yeah, it was great. I did fall asleep, but I watched the second episode fully. Didn't fall asleep. Yeah. Yeah. you had a little power nap. So, we hope you guys had a fantastic Thanksgiving. I want to say we're very thankful for you guys. Thank you for spending it with us and thank you for spending um you know your days with us watching the videos and we just really appreciate everything because without you guys we can't do what we do. So, thank you. So, thank you guys so much. Thank you to ButcherBox for sponsoring today's video and all in a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Heat. N.
