---
video_id: 0wegquMcLlQ
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our Cozy Christmas Day At Home! | Opening Gifts, Mail From Friends & Delicious Holiday Food!"
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wegquMcLlQ
---
Good morning and merry not yet almost Good morning and merry not yet almost Good morning and merry not yet almost Christmas. Today we're doing a home Christmas. Today we're doing a home Christmas. Today we're doing a home vlog. We still have a little bit of vlog. We still have a little bit of vlog. We still have a little bit of shopping to do. So I think we're going shopping to do. So I think we're going shopping to do. So I think we're going to head out to the store at some point to head out to the store at some point to head out to the store at some point today. But we're just kind of beginning today. But we're just kind of beginning today. But we're just kind of beginning our day. our day. our day. &gt;&gt; I'm getting It's like noon right now, &gt;&gt; I'm getting It's like noon right now, &gt;&gt; I'm getting It's like noon right now, but I've been working this morning. I but I've been working this morning. I but I've been working this morning. I was doing some finishing touches on the was doing some finishing touches on the was doing some finishing touches on the vlog that just went up. So hopefully you vlog that just went up. So hopefully you vlog that just went up. So hopefully you guys check that out. And we had to film guys check that out. And we had to film guys check that out. And we had to film a couple of things. We have our Patreon a couple of things. We have our Patreon a couple of things. We have our Patreon movie watch party tonight, which is movie watch party tonight, which is movie watch party tonight, which is exciting. We This is our first time. exciting. We This is our first time. exciting. We This is our first time. We've never done it before. We've never done it before. We've never done it before. &gt;&gt; I'm very excited for it. &gt;&gt; I'm very excited for it. &gt;&gt; I'm very excited for it. &gt;&gt; We have to get a few stocking stuffers &gt;&gt; We have to get a few stocking stuffers &gt;&gt; We have to get a few stocking stuffers and and and um Oh, I want to go to Aldi. We don't um Oh, I want to go to Aldi. We don't um Oh, I want to go to Aldi. We don't I've never actually been to Aldi, I I've never actually been to Aldi, I I've never actually been to Aldi, I don't think. Maybe we went once. don't think. Maybe we went once. don't think. Maybe we went once. &gt;&gt; I was scared to go to Aldi. &gt;&gt; I was scared to go to Aldi. &gt;&gt; I was scared to go to Aldi. &gt;&gt; Well, I I think I was too cuz it's not &gt;&gt; Well, I I think I was too cuz it's not &gt;&gt; Well, I I think I was too cuz it's not our normal grocery store and I was like our normal grocery store and I was like our normal grocery store and I was like wasn't really sure. I don't know. Like wasn't really sure. I don't know. Like wasn't really sure. I don't know. Like we said in our live show last night, we said in our live show last night, we said in our live show last night, which if you were in the live show, which if you were in the live show, which if you were in the live show, thank you for coming. Also, thank you for coming. Also, thank you for coming. Also, &gt;&gt; I'll put in a little video right now. &gt;&gt; I'll put in a little video right now. &gt;&gt; I'll put in a little video right now. Um, so you can see yourself if you did Um, so you can see yourself if you did Um, so you can see yourself if you did come to the live show. All right. So, we come to the live show. All right. So, we come to the live show. All right. So, we are um just doing a little live show. are um just doing a little live show. are um just doing a little live show. &gt;&gt; That's how we do it. &gt;&gt; That's how we do it. &gt;&gt; That's how we do it. &gt;&gt; And we It's 11:00 at night and you guys &gt;&gt; And we It's 11:00 at night and you guys &gt;&gt; And we It's 11:00 at night and you guys have asked us to put you in the video. have asked us to put you in the video. have asked us to put you in the video. So, I'm going to put you in the video So, I'm going to put you in the video So, I'm going to put you in the video right now. Here's our setup. We have I right now. Here's our setup. We have I right now. Here's our setup. We have I don't know what we've got going on. don't know what we've got going on. don't know what we've got going on. Tissues. We've got tissues over our Tissues. We've got tissues over our Tissues. We've got tissues over our lights. lights. lights. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I need to get soft boxes for these &gt;&gt; Yeah. I need to get soft boxes for these &gt;&gt; Yeah. I need to get soft boxes for these lights. I think they're too harsh. lights. I think they're too harsh. lights. I think they're too harsh. &gt;&gt; I think they are, too. &gt;&gt; I think they are, too. &gt;&gt; I think they are, too. &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to get those. But, this &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to get those. But, this &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to get those. But, this was sort of like a makeshift. was sort of like a makeshift. was sort of like a makeshift. &gt;&gt; I You did great. Everybody's saying hi. &gt;&gt; I You did great. Everybody's saying hi. &gt;&gt; I You did great. Everybody's saying hi. I don't know if you can see your name. I don't know if you can see your name. I don't know if you can see your name. I'm trying to like make sure you can I'm trying to like make sure you can I'm trying to like make sure you can read your names. read your names. read your names. &gt;&gt; Hello, future self. &gt;&gt; Hello, future self. &gt;&gt; Hello, future self. &gt;&gt; Hello, everybody. Thanks for coming to &gt;&gt; Hello, everybody. Thanks for coming to &gt;&gt; Hello, everybody. Thanks for coming to our live show and hanging out with us. our live show and hanging out with us. our live show and hanging out with us. We've been live for We've been live for We've been live for I feel like a little over an hour. We I feel like a little over an hour. We I feel like a little over an hour. We had so much fun chatting with you. We had so much fun chatting with you. We had so much fun chatting with you. We talked about so many things about talked about so many things about talked about so many things about cruises. We talked about Christmas. We cruises. We talked about Christmas. We cruises. We talked about Christmas. We talked about tamales. We did it all talked about tamales. We did it all talked about tamales. We did it all really. We We covered all the bases. So, really. We We covered all the bases. So, really. We We covered all the bases. So, &gt;&gt; tamales. &gt;&gt; tamales. &gt;&gt; tamales. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; no, no. We talked about a tamal. &gt;&gt; no, no. We talked about a tamal. &gt;&gt; no, no. We talked about a tamal. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we talked about tamales. &gt;&gt; And we talked about tamales. &gt;&gt; And we talked about tamales. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I see. Yes. Yes. Yes. But that &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I see. Yes. Yes. Yes. But that &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I see. Yes. Yes. Yes. But that is what happened. Um, but thank you guys is what happened. Um, but thank you guys is what happened. Um, but thank you guys so much for hanging out with us. And uh so much for hanging out with us. And uh so much for hanging out with us. And uh &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody's asking if we're cruising &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody's asking if we're cruising &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody's asking if we're cruising anytime soon. anytime soon. anytime soon. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. We just got off a cruise. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. We just got off a cruise. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. We just got off a cruise. &gt;&gt; Just got off one. &gt;&gt; Just got off one. &gt;&gt; Just got off one. &gt;&gt; Welcome back to the present time. But uh &gt;&gt; Welcome back to the present time. But uh &gt;&gt; Welcome back to the present time. But uh we I was talking about in the live show we I was talking about in the live show we I was talking about in the live show how we're like creatures of habit. And I how we're like creatures of habit. And I how we're like creatures of habit. And I think that sometimes I think a lot of think that sometimes I think a lot of think that sometimes I think a lot of people are that way, but sometimes it people are that way, but sometimes it people are that way, but sometimes it can cause us to not do new things. Even can cause us to not do new things. Even can cause us to not do new things. Even though we do a lot of new things. though we do a lot of new things. though we do a lot of new things. &gt;&gt; I'm scared of the grocery carts at Aldi &gt;&gt; I'm scared of the grocery carts at Aldi &gt;&gt; I'm scared of the grocery carts at Aldi &gt;&gt; because you have to pay for them. &gt;&gt; because you have to pay for them. &gt;&gt; because you have to pay for them. &gt;&gt; You have to put a quarter in there. &gt;&gt; You have to put a quarter in there. &gt;&gt; You have to put a quarter in there. &gt;&gt; I don't have a quarter. &gt;&gt; I don't have a quarter. &gt;&gt; I don't have a quarter. &gt;&gt; I don't have a quarter. I'm just going &gt;&gt; I don't have a quarter. I'm just going &gt;&gt; I don't have a quarter. I'm just going to walk around holding everything. to walk around holding everything. to walk around holding everything. &gt;&gt; What do you What do you do? &gt;&gt; What do you What do you do? &gt;&gt; What do you What do you do? &gt;&gt; You can bring your bags and just like &gt;&gt; You can bring your bags and just like &gt;&gt; You can bring your bags and just like put it right into the bags. put it right into the bags. put it right into the bags. &gt;&gt; Yeah, bring a bag. Okay, I could do &gt;&gt; Yeah, bring a bag. Okay, I could do &gt;&gt; Yeah, bring a bag. Okay, I could do that. Yeah, but then it feels like that. Yeah, but then it feels like that. Yeah, but then it feels like you're what? That was the dishwasher. you're what? That was the dishwasher. you're what? That was the dishwasher. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was like, what was that? &gt;&gt; Oh, I was like, what was that? &gt;&gt; Oh, I was like, what was that? &gt;&gt; But then it feels like you're like &gt;&gt; But then it feels like you're like &gt;&gt; But then it feels like you're like stealing from them cuz you're putting it stealing from them cuz you're putting it stealing from them cuz you're putting it in the final spot that it's going before in the final spot that it's going before in the final spot that it's going before paying for it. paying for it. paying for it. &gt;&gt; I think they know as long as you don't &gt;&gt; I think they know as long as you don't &gt;&gt; I think they know as long as you don't leave. leave. leave. &gt;&gt; Oh, by the way, Jen's making eggs. &gt;&gt; Oh, by the way, Jen's making eggs. &gt;&gt; Oh, by the way, Jen's making eggs. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I'm going to have like a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I'm going to have like a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I'm going to have like a little like a little taco. Little egg little like a little taco. Little egg little like a little taco. Little egg and cheese taco. and cheese taco. and cheese taco. &gt;&gt; Little eggy taco &gt;&gt; Little eggy taco &gt;&gt; Little eggy taco &gt;&gt; with some hot sauce. &gt;&gt; with some hot sauce. &gt;&gt; with some hot sauce. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; if you have kids, you might have this &gt;&gt; if you have kids, you might have this &gt;&gt; if you have kids, you might have this toy that says, "How does it go?" If you toy that says, "How does it go?" If you toy that says, "How does it go?" If you like eggy pizza, put an egg on it. like eggy pizza, put an egg on it. like eggy pizza, put an egg on it. &gt;&gt; Who has that toy? Is it just us? &gt;&gt; Who has that toy? Is it just us? &gt;&gt; Who has that toy? Is it just us? &gt;&gt; It's like a little oven. &gt;&gt; It's like a little oven. &gt;&gt; It's like a little oven. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; so it's so silly. &gt;&gt; so it's so silly. &gt;&gt; so it's so silly. &gt;&gt; If you like eggy cupcakes, put an egg on &gt;&gt; If you like eggy cupcakes, put an egg on &gt;&gt; If you like eggy cupcakes, put an egg on it. it. it. &gt;&gt; I remember when we first got that toy, &gt;&gt; I remember when we first got that toy, &gt;&gt; I remember when we first got that toy, Jackson was like, "What?" He thought it Jackson was like, "What?" He thought it Jackson was like, "What?" He thought it was so silly. So, um, we talked a little was so silly. So, um, we talked a little was so silly. So, um, we talked a little bit in another home vlog about how bit in another home vlog about how bit in another home vlog about how there's a book club on Patreon and the there's a book club on Patreon and the there's a book club on Patreon and the book that Jen originally first got was book that Jen originally first got was book that Jen originally first got was the wrong book and then she got the the wrong book and then she got the the wrong book and then she got the right book and now she's reading the right book and now she's reading the right book and now she's reading the right book and I was like, "Oh, I kind right book and I was like, "Oh, I kind right book and I was like, "Oh, I kind of want to follow along on the audio of want to follow along on the audio of want to follow along on the audio book book book &gt;&gt; because you already read your book." &gt;&gt; because you already read your book." &gt;&gt; because you already read your book." &gt;&gt; I read Project Hary, which was really &gt;&gt; I read Project Hary, which was really &gt;&gt; I read Project Hary, which was really good. I liked it. I have actually found good. I liked it. I have actually found good. I liked it. I have actually found myself thinking about it more. I have myself thinking about it more. I have myself thinking about it more. I have questions and questions and questions and &gt;&gt; maybe that'll be our next one. &gt;&gt; maybe that'll be our next one. &gt;&gt; maybe that'll be our next one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'd be great. I would I would &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'd be great. I would I would &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'd be great. I would I would love to bounce some questions off some love to bounce some questions off some love to bounce some questions off some people about nitrogen. [laughter] people about nitrogen. [laughter] people about nitrogen. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; About nitrogen. Yeah. So, I really like &gt;&gt; About nitrogen. Yeah. So, I really like &gt;&gt; About nitrogen. Yeah. So, I really like that and I found myself like thinking that and I found myself like thinking that and I found myself like thinking about the ending of it a lot recently about the ending of it a lot recently about the ending of it a lot recently and so I was trying to like, all right, and so I was trying to like, all right, and so I was trying to like, all right, I need to get out of this book and move I need to get out of this book and move I need to get out of this book and move on to another one. So, I was like, "Let on to another one. So, I was like, "Let on to another one. So, I was like, "Let me look in the library and see if the me look in the library and see if the me look in the library and see if the book that they're reading for the book book that they're reading for the book book that they're reading for the book club is there in audio form." And I was club is there in audio form." And I was club is there in audio form." And I was like, "Oh, I found it." And I started like, "Oh, I found it." And I started like, "Oh, I found it." And I started listening to it. And Jen's like, "Oh, listening to it. And Jen's like, "Oh, listening to it. And Jen's like, "Oh, where you at?" And I was like, "This where you at?" And I was like, "This where you at?" And I was like, "This part." And she's like, "You're reading part." And she's like, "You're reading part." And she's like, "You're reading the wrong book." And I was like, the wrong book." And I was like, the wrong book." And I was like, &gt;&gt; I was like, "That's not the character's &gt;&gt; I was like, "That's not the character's &gt;&gt; I was like, "That's not the character's name. this thing that he said doesn't name. this thing that he said doesn't name. this thing that he said doesn't happen in the book that I'm reading. And happen in the book that I'm reading. And happen in the book that I'm reading. And I'm like, that's not the right book. I'm like, that's not the right book. I'm like, that's not the right book. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Turns out I also got the wrong book. I &gt;&gt; Turns out I also got the wrong book. I &gt;&gt; Turns out I also got the wrong book. I got the wrong one. The same one that you got the wrong one. The same one that you got the wrong one. The same one that you got originally with the red cover. got originally with the red cover. got originally with the red cover. &gt;&gt; And some of you guys did the same &gt;&gt; And some of you guys did the same &gt;&gt; And some of you guys did the same [clears throat] thing. Like I was not [clears throat] thing. Like I was not [clears throat] thing. Like I was not the only one that did that. So, you the only one that did that. So, you the only one that did that. So, you know, it's know, it's know, it's &gt;&gt; We can read that one next. I'm like four &gt;&gt; We can read that one next. I'm like four &gt;&gt; We can read that one next. I'm like four chapters into it. chapters into it. chapters into it. &gt;&gt; Somebody else was seven chapters in. Um, &gt;&gt; Somebody else was seven chapters in. Um, &gt;&gt; Somebody else was seven chapters in. Um, also, if you saw yesterday's video, I also, if you saw yesterday's video, I also, if you saw yesterday's video, I Here's my beasting. Look at that thing. Here's my beasting. Look at that thing. Here's my beasting. Look at that thing. It's a heart. It's a love heart. It's a heart. It's a love heart. It's a heart. It's a love heart. &gt;&gt; It is. It It's so painful. The last time &gt;&gt; It is. It It's so painful. The last time &gt;&gt; It is. It It's so painful. The last time I got stung by a bee was I don't know. I got stung by a bee was I don't know. I got stung by a bee was I don't know. Like I was a child. Like I was a child. Like I was a child. &gt;&gt; The year was 1987. &gt;&gt; The year was 1987. &gt;&gt; The year was 1987. &gt;&gt; Something. Yeah. And so it just like it &gt;&gt; Something. Yeah. And so it just like it &gt;&gt; Something. Yeah. And so it just like it burns. It feels like I got burned. burns. It feels like I got burned. burns. It feels like I got burned. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; So am I okay? &gt;&gt; So am I okay? &gt;&gt; So am I okay? &gt;&gt; You're okay. I think &gt;&gt; You're okay. I think &gt;&gt; You're okay. I think &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Is that an infection? I said we should &gt;&gt; Is that an infection? I said we should &gt;&gt; Is that an infection? I said we should draw a circle around it and see if the draw a circle around it and see if the draw a circle around it and see if the red goes past it. I didn't say the red goes past it. I didn't say the red goes past it. I didn't say the circle thing, but I said we should look circle thing, but I said we should look circle thing, but I said we should look at it. at it. at it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. uh and just see. And so far &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. uh and just see. And so far &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. uh and just see. And so far it looks like it's smaller than it was it looks like it's smaller than it was it looks like it's smaller than it was yesterday. So that's a good sign. yesterday. So that's a good sign. yesterday. So that's a good sign. &gt;&gt; But it's it feels like more red. But you &gt;&gt; But it's it feels like more red. But you &gt;&gt; But it's it feels like more red. But you know what's actually really cute is that know what's actually really cute is that know what's actually really cute is that Jackson, he's like concerned about it. Jackson, he's like concerned about it. Jackson, he's like concerned about it. And so he'll come over to me and he'll And so he'll come over to me and he'll And so he'll come over to me and he'll like he'll just like put his hand on it like he'll just like put his hand on it like he'll just like put his hand on it like this and he'll go, "Does that feel like this and he'll go, "Does that feel like this and he'll go, "Does that feel okay?" Like he's very he's very sweet, okay?" Like he's very he's very sweet, okay?" Like he's very he's very sweet, especially with me. And I love that especially with me. And I love that especially with me. And I love that about him. Oliver's a little he's not about him. Oliver's a little he's not about him. Oliver's a little he's not he's not that way. he's not that way. he's not that way. &gt;&gt; No, he's uh I'm going to jump on you. &gt;&gt; No, he's uh I'm going to jump on you. &gt;&gt; No, he's uh I'm going to jump on you. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] I think once he gets a little older, he I think once he gets a little older, he I think once he gets a little older, he will he will have those like character will he will have those like character will he will have those like character uh traits uh traits uh traits &gt;&gt; like his that personality trait. But now &gt;&gt; like his that personality trait. But now &gt;&gt; like his that personality trait. But now that he, you know, right now he's he's that he, you know, right now he's he's that he, you know, right now he's he's almost three, so he's just like wild. almost three, so he's just like wild. almost three, so he's just like wild. &gt;&gt; But I think it's really cute that &gt;&gt; But I think it's really cute that &gt;&gt; But I think it's really cute that Jackson is so like caring. Jackson is so like caring. Jackson is so like caring. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, so anyway, I got a beasting. &gt;&gt; You know, so anyway, I got a beasting. &gt;&gt; You know, so anyway, I got a beasting. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. &gt;&gt; Long story long, I got the right book. &gt;&gt; Long story long, I got the right book. &gt;&gt; Long story long, I got the right book. I'm listening to the correct book now so I'm listening to the correct book now so I'm listening to the correct book now so I can partake in the book club, I can partake in the book club, I can partake in the book club, &gt;&gt; I think. Um, which by the way, like you &gt;&gt; I think. Um, which by the way, like you &gt;&gt; I think. Um, which by the way, like you don't have to be on Patreon to read the don't have to be on Patreon to read the don't have to be on Patreon to read the book. book. book. &gt;&gt; You can also read the book. &gt;&gt; You can also read the book. &gt;&gt; You can also read the book. &gt;&gt; You can read a book. &gt;&gt; You can read a book. &gt;&gt; You can read a book. &gt;&gt; I feel like we talk about it here in the &gt;&gt; I feel like we talk about it here in the &gt;&gt; I feel like we talk about it here in the vlog enough. You just won't be there for vlog enough. You just won't be there for vlog enough. You just won't be there for like the discussion. So, like the discussion. So, like the discussion. So, &gt;&gt; you know, you're not missing a whole &gt;&gt; you know, you're not missing a whole &gt;&gt; you know, you're not missing a whole lot. But if you want to read the book, lot. But if you want to read the book, lot. But if you want to read the book, it's so far really good. And I've been it's so far really good. And I've been it's so far really good. And I've been decoding. There's Morse code in the book decoding. There's Morse code in the book decoding. There's Morse code in the book and I've been decoding it and that's and I've been decoding it and that's and I've been decoding it and that's been really fun. It's like a puzzle. I been really fun. It's like a puzzle. I been really fun. It's like a puzzle. I like that. Also, if you're doing the like that. Also, if you're doing the like that. Also, if you're doing the audio book, they do send out all those audio book, they do send out all those audio book, they do send out all those extra pieces in a PDF form for those you extra pieces in a PDF form for those you extra pieces in a PDF form for those you guys that are interested. guys that are interested. guys that are interested. &gt;&gt; Oh, do they? &gt;&gt; Oh, do they? &gt;&gt; Oh, do they? &gt;&gt; Yeah. At least that's what it said at &gt;&gt; Yeah. At least that's what it said at &gt;&gt; Yeah. At least that's what it said at the beginning of the book. I haven't the beginning of the book. I haven't the beginning of the book. I haven't looked actually to see. This is the looked actually to see. This is the looked actually to see. This is the book. And according to Freedom McFaten, book. And according to Freedom McFaten, book. And according to Freedom McFaten, it's one of the creepiest stories I've it's one of the creepiest stories I've it's one of the creepiest stories I've ever read. This twisted tale will haunt ever read. This twisted tale will haunt ever read. This twisted tale will haunt my nightmares for a long time to come. my nightmares for a long time to come. my nightmares for a long time to come. So, make sure you add in a novel here. So, make sure you add in a novel here. So, make sure you add in a novel here. And it's by Marcus uh Cer. Well, they And it's by Marcus uh Cer. Well, they And it's by Marcus uh Cer. Well, they said it. said it. said it. &gt;&gt; Also, I want to mention it's not that &gt;&gt; Also, I want to mention it's not that &gt;&gt; Also, I want to mention it's not that creepy creepy creepy &gt;&gt; yet. How far are you into it? Oh, she's &gt;&gt; yet. How far are you into it? Oh, she's &gt;&gt; yet. How far are you into it? Oh, she's pretty far. pretty far. pretty far. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; I don't know if I have like a Maybe I &gt;&gt; I don't know if I have like a Maybe I &gt;&gt; I don't know if I have like a Maybe I have a higher tolerance for like creepy have a higher tolerance for like creepy have a higher tolerance for like creepy stuff, but it hasn't really creeped me stuff, but it hasn't really creeped me stuff, but it hasn't really creeped me out that much. out that much. out that much. &gt;&gt; So, I'm just like maybe maybe like half &gt;&gt; So, I'm just like maybe maybe like half &gt;&gt; So, I'm just like maybe maybe like half of the first chapter in, but the audio of the first chapter in, but the audio of the first chapter in, but the audio book really puts a creepy tone on this book really puts a creepy tone on this book really puts a creepy tone on this Mo thing that she has in her head. Mo thing that she has in her head. Mo thing that she has in her head. &gt;&gt; What does he sound like? He's like, &gt;&gt; What does he sound like? He's like, &gt;&gt; What does he sound like? He's like, "Once you let them in, they'll never "Once you let them in, they'll never "Once you let them in, they'll never leave." leave." leave." &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I was like, "Whoa." [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I was like, "Whoa." [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I was like, "Whoa." [laughter] All right. All right. All right. &gt;&gt; He doesn't sound like that in my head. &gt;&gt; He doesn't sound like that in my head. &gt;&gt; He doesn't sound like that in my head. So, we did get a little festive mail. So, we did get a little festive mail. So, we did get a little festive mail. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you guys are not aware, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you guys are not aware, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you guys are not aware, Rockom Socks is a company that makes Rockom Socks is a company that makes Rockom Socks is a company that makes like unique themed socks and they're like unique themed socks and they're like unique themed socks and they're Orlando based. So, they sent us a little Orlando based. So, they sent us a little Orlando based. So, they sent us a little package and one of the things that they package and one of the things that they package and one of the things that they sent in it is this. This is like it's sent in it is this. This is like it's sent in it is this. This is like it's called the MCO Travel Essentials Pack called the MCO Travel Essentials Pack called the MCO Travel Essentials Pack &gt;&gt; and it's $60 on their website, but it &gt;&gt; and it's $60 on their website, but it &gt;&gt; and it's $60 on their website, but it comes in like a little suitcase. And comes in like a little suitcase. And comes in like a little suitcase. And these are all like things about MCO like these are all like things about MCO like these are all like things about MCO like our swan boats. our swan boats. our swan boats. Um these are the socks in there. That's Um these are the socks in there. That's Um these are the socks in there. That's our tower. Little Orlando with a man. our tower. Little Orlando with a man. our tower. Little Orlando with a man. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's like the little people mover &gt;&gt; Oh, there's like the little people mover &gt;&gt; Oh, there's like the little people mover thing. thing. thing. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, the what are they called? They &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, the what are they called? They &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, the what are they called? They call it the call it the call it the &gt;&gt; the APM. The automated people mover. &gt;&gt; the APM. The automated people mover. &gt;&gt; the APM. The automated people mover. &gt;&gt; So it comes with socks and these socks &gt;&gt; So it comes with socks and these socks &gt;&gt; So it comes with socks and these socks are the the print of the carpet. are the the print of the carpet. are the the print of the carpet. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's the Yeah, that's the airport &gt;&gt; Oh, that's the Yeah, that's the airport &gt;&gt; Oh, that's the Yeah, that's the airport carpet print. And they also sent me some carpet print. And they also sent me some carpet print. And they also sent me some underwear. underwear. underwear. &gt;&gt; Carpet underwear. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Carpet underwear. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Carpet underwear. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Underwear. &gt;&gt; Underwear. &gt;&gt; Underwear. &gt;&gt; It doesn't really feel like carpet. &gt;&gt; It doesn't really feel like carpet. &gt;&gt; It doesn't really feel like carpet. That's fun though. That's fun though. That's fun though. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, this is what I look like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, this is what I look like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, this is what I look like. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; They also sent a couple of other fun &gt;&gt; They also sent a couple of other fun &gt;&gt; They also sent a couple of other fun socks. Some Muppets, Toy Story, Goofy socks. Some Muppets, Toy Story, Goofy socks. Some Muppets, Toy Story, Goofy Movie, more Muppets. They said, "We know Movie, more Muppets. They said, "We know Movie, more Muppets. They said, "We know what you like and we're going to send it what you like and we're going to send it what you like and we're going to send it to you." So, thank you Rockom Socks for to you." So, thank you Rockom Socks for to you." So, thank you Rockom Socks for sending that. That's awesome. We also sending that. That's awesome. We also sending that. That's awesome. We also got Yeah. got Yeah. got Yeah. &gt;&gt; a package from our friend Chris Pratt &gt;&gt; a package from our friend Chris Pratt &gt;&gt; a package from our friend Chris Pratt from Canada. the Canadian Chris Pratt. from Canada. the Canadian Chris Pratt. from Canada. the Canadian Chris Pratt. &gt;&gt; Um, also from Charmaine and Michelle, &gt;&gt; Um, also from Charmaine and Michelle, &gt;&gt; Um, also from Charmaine and Michelle, I'm guessing as well. Oh, they sent over I'm guessing as well. Oh, they sent over I'm guessing as well. Oh, they sent over Christmas crackers. Christmas crackers. Christmas crackers. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, that's exciting. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, that's exciting. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, that's exciting. &gt;&gt; And they sent us a little letter here. &gt;&gt; And they sent us a little letter here. &gt;&gt; And they sent us a little letter here. We're going to read this to to We're going to read this to to We're going to read this to to ourselves. ourselves. ourselves. &gt;&gt; I'm going to link So, we visited Chris &gt;&gt; I'm going to link So, we visited Chris &gt;&gt; I'm going to link So, we visited Chris and fam um in B when we or in Canada and fam um in B when we or in Canada and fam um in B when we or in Canada when we went to B after our Alaska when we went to B after our Alaska when we went to B after our Alaska cruise. I'm going to link that video cruise. I'm going to link that video cruise. I'm going to link that video down below. We had so much fun. It down below. We had so much fun. It down below. We had so much fun. It definitely was like a little hectic with definitely was like a little hectic with definitely was like a little hectic with the kids and I feel like I wish we had the kids and I feel like I wish we had the kids and I feel like I wish we had been able to see them for longer and been able to see them for longer and been able to see them for longer and been able to like do more with them. So, been able to like do more with them. So, been able to like do more with them. So, I'd love to be able to plan another trip I'd love to be able to plan another trip I'd love to be able to plan another trip where we see them for more than just a where we see them for more than just a where we see them for more than just a couple of days cuz there's I feel like couple of days cuz there's I feel like couple of days cuz there's I feel like there was um we I wanted more time with there was um we I wanted more time with there was um we I wanted more time with them and I don't know when the next time them and I don't know when the next time them and I don't know when the next time they're going to come here is. So, they're going to come here is. So, they're going to come here is. So, that's my open letter to you guys. I that's my open letter to you guys. I that's my open letter to you guys. I want to come back and visit you guys want to come back and visit you guys want to come back and visit you guys again. I also want you guys to come down again. I also want you guys to come down again. I also want you guys to come down here at some point one day, but you here at some point one day, but you here at some point one day, but you know, until then we can come back and know, until then we can come back and know, until then we can come back and see you. So, we had so much fun. And see you. So, we had so much fun. And see you. So, we had so much fun. And I'll link the video if you want to check I'll link the video if you want to check I'll link the video if you want to check it out. But they sent over some Oh, I it out. But they sent over some Oh, I it out. But they sent over some Oh, I see what they did. Okay, they cut it in see what they did. Okay, they cut it in see what they did. Okay, they cut it in half. Wow, they really thought about the half. Wow, they really thought about the half. Wow, they really thought about the packing here. Okay, so they sent over packing here. Okay, so they sent over packing here. Okay, so they sent over some Christmas crackers. some Christmas crackers. some Christmas crackers. &gt;&gt; They said they sent over a special and &gt;&gt; They said they sent over a special and &gt;&gt; They said they sent over a special and very delicate Christmas ornament. very delicate Christmas ornament. very delicate Christmas ornament. &gt;&gt; Oh, very delicate. &gt;&gt; Oh, very delicate. &gt;&gt; Oh, very delicate. &gt;&gt; It was made by one of their artist &gt;&gt; It was made by one of their artist &gt;&gt; It was made by one of their artist friends. friends. friends. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? So &gt;&gt; Oh, really? So &gt;&gt; Oh, really? So &gt;&gt; Oh, it's carved from an egg. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's carved from an egg. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's carved from an egg. &gt;&gt; An egg. I'm going to un undo all of &gt;&gt; An egg. I'm going to un undo all of &gt;&gt; An egg. I'm going to un undo all of these just in case it's inside. these just in case it's inside. these just in case it's inside. &gt;&gt; Oh, what do they got? What kind of deals &gt;&gt; Oh, what do they got? What kind of deals &gt;&gt; Oh, what do they got? What kind of deals they got going on in Canada? they got going on in Canada? they got going on in Canada? &gt;&gt; Ooh, Canadian inflatables. Oh man, &gt;&gt; Ooh, Canadian inflatables. Oh man, &gt;&gt; Ooh, Canadian inflatables. Oh man, they're cheaper than they are. Oh no, they're cheaper than they are. Oh no, they're cheaper than they are. Oh no, not not that Grinch one. not not that Grinch one. not not that Grinch one. &gt;&gt; In Canada, raccoons are the ones who &gt;&gt; In Canada, raccoons are the ones who &gt;&gt; In Canada, raccoons are the ones who take the sleigh. take the sleigh. take the sleigh. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; who knew? &gt;&gt; who knew? &gt;&gt; who knew? &gt;&gt; Inflatable Santa sleigh with raccoons. &gt;&gt; Inflatable Santa sleigh with raccoons. &gt;&gt; Inflatable Santa sleigh with raccoons. Well, I mean, to be fair, he seems to be Well, I mean, to be fair, he seems to be Well, I mean, to be fair, he seems to be traveling on lots of modes of traveling on lots of modes of traveling on lots of modes of transportation over here. transportation over here. transportation over here. &gt;&gt; That's pretty funny. &gt;&gt; That's pretty funny. &gt;&gt; That's pretty funny. &gt;&gt; Some dash cams. &gt;&gt; Some dash cams. &gt;&gt; Some dash cams. &gt;&gt; Okay. I don't want to &gt;&gt; Okay. I don't want to &gt;&gt; Okay. I don't want to um We could get a We could get a uh um We could get a We could get a uh um We could get a We could get a uh &gt;&gt; Oh, a new GoPro. &gt;&gt; Oh, a new GoPro. &gt;&gt; Oh, a new GoPro. &gt;&gt; What is this? A &gt;&gt; What is this? A &gt;&gt; What is this? A &gt;&gt; a TV. 98 in TV. &gt;&gt; a TV. 98 in TV. &gt;&gt; a TV. 98 in TV. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; For $2,500. &gt;&gt; For $2,500. &gt;&gt; For $2,500. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm guessing it's not in here. Is &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm guessing it's not in here. Is &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm guessing it's not in here. Is this like the classified? Oh, let's read this like the classified? Oh, let's read this like the classified? Oh, let's read our let's read our our Okay, I'm our let's read our our Okay, I'm our let's read our our Okay, I'm Sagittarius. Our horoscope. This is the Sagittarius. Our horoscope. This is the Sagittarius. Our horoscope. This is the weekly horoscope. I don't know what week weekly horoscope. I don't know what week weekly horoscope. I don't know what week it's for. Oh, for the week of Nope, just it's for. Oh, for the week of Nope, just it's for. Oh, for the week of Nope, just kidding. Um, your birthday month is a kidding. Um, your birthday month is a kidding. Um, your birthday month is a good time to review what you have good time to review what you have good time to review what you have accomplished in the last year. What accomplished in the last year. What accomplished in the last year. What worked and what didn't. What new goals worked and what didn't. What new goals worked and what didn't. What new goals do you want to set? Here are your lucky do you want to set? Here are your lucky do you want to set? Here are your lucky numbers. That's not a That's not a numbers. That's not a That's not a numbers. That's not a That's not a horoscope. horoscope. horoscope. &gt;&gt; More like a horror scope. &gt;&gt; More like a horror scope. &gt;&gt; More like a horror scope. &gt;&gt; That doesn't That didn't tell me &gt;&gt; That doesn't That didn't tell me &gt;&gt; That doesn't That didn't tell me anything. anything. anything. &gt;&gt; What? It told you your lucky numbers. &gt;&gt; What? It told you your lucky numbers. &gt;&gt; What? It told you your lucky numbers. What am I? What am I? What am I? &gt;&gt; What the heck? &gt;&gt; What the heck? &gt;&gt; What the heck? &gt;&gt; Where's my Where's my my fishies? &gt;&gt; Where's my Where's my my fishies? &gt;&gt; Where's my Where's my my fishies? &gt;&gt; You are right here. The feeling of &gt;&gt; You are right here. The feeling of &gt;&gt; You are right here. The feeling of urgency you may have had several weeks urgency you may have had several weeks urgency you may have had several weeks ago may return now. Take a deep breath ago may return now. Take a deep breath ago may return now. Take a deep breath and focus on what you realistically can and focus on what you realistically can and focus on what you realistically can accomplish and then get to work. Get to accomplish and then get to work. Get to accomplish and then get to work. Get to work, work, work, &gt;&gt; man. &gt;&gt; man. &gt;&gt; man. &gt;&gt; Canadians want you to get to work. &gt;&gt; Canadians want you to get to work. &gt;&gt; Canadians want you to get to work. &gt;&gt; I don't think they know my my mental &gt;&gt; I don't think they know my my mental &gt;&gt; I don't think they know my my mental health. health. health. &gt;&gt; Um, did you know &gt;&gt; Um, did you know &gt;&gt; Um, did you know China's 500 meter radio telescope is too China's 500 meter radio telescope is too China's 500 meter radio telescope is too massive to move? Its giant metal dish massive to move? Its giant metal dish massive to move? Its giant metal dish gathers signals from deep space, helping gathers signals from deep space, helping gathers signals from deep space, helping scientists discover distant stars and scientists discover distant stars and scientists discover distant stars and maybe even hints of life beyond our maybe even hints of life beyond our maybe even hints of life beyond our planet. Canada's like, man, they're planet. Canada's like, man, they're planet. Canada's like, man, they're they're like, they're just talking about they're like, they're just talking about they're like, they're just talking about it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Project Halary. &gt;&gt; Project Halary. &gt;&gt; Project Halary. &gt;&gt; They really are like, there's aliens out &gt;&gt; They really are like, there's aliens out &gt;&gt; They really are like, there's aliens out there. It's cool. We're Canadian. We can there. It's cool. We're Canadian. We can there. It's cool. We're Canadian. We can handle that. handle that. handle that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Americans are like, &gt;&gt; Americans are like, &gt;&gt; Americans are like, "We have anxiety. Don't tell us about "We have anxiety. Don't tell us about "We have anxiety. Don't tell us about the aliens." the aliens." the aliens." &gt;&gt; I kind of want to know about the aliens. &gt;&gt; I kind of want to know about the aliens. &gt;&gt; I kind of want to know about the aliens. &gt;&gt; I do, too. Oh, okay. Here's the pheasant &gt;&gt; I do, too. Oh, okay. Here's the pheasant &gt;&gt; I do, too. Oh, okay. Here's the pheasant egg. egg. egg. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a pheasant. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a pheasant. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a pheasant. &gt;&gt; Um, hold on. Why? Oh my goodness. Is it &gt;&gt; Um, hold on. Why? Oh my goodness. Is it &gt;&gt; Um, hold on. Why? Oh my goodness. Is it a fizz pheasant? a fizz pheasant? a fizz pheasant? &gt;&gt; Maybe a a fizz a fizzler. A fuzzler. &gt;&gt; Maybe a a fizz a fizzler. A fuzzler. &gt;&gt; Maybe a a fizz a fizzler. A fuzzler. What does he call it? A whiz wuzzler. What does he call it? A whiz wuzzler. What does he call it? A whiz wuzzler. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Okay. This is um from the artist Darlene &gt;&gt; Okay. This is um from the artist Darlene &gt;&gt; Okay. This is um from the artist Darlene Cocoa Tail. Coco Taylor. I hope I'm Cocoa Tail. Coco Taylor. I hope I'm Cocoa Tail. Coco Taylor. I hope I'm pronouncing that right. You can find her pronouncing that right. You can find her pronouncing that right. You can find her at eggart.ca. at eggart.ca. at eggart.ca. The giving of decorated eggs has been an The giving of decorated eggs has been an The giving of decorated eggs has been an important tradition in the old world for important tradition in the old world for important tradition in the old world for many years. The egg symbolizing the many years. The egg symbolizing the many years. The egg symbolizing the source of life is given to express the source of life is given to express the source of life is given to express the love and friendship that lies deep in love and friendship that lies deep in love and friendship that lies deep in the heart of the giver. the heart of the giver. the heart of the giver. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; when you said deep in the heart of I was &gt;&gt; when you said deep in the heart of I was &gt;&gt; when you said deep in the heart of I was like like like &gt;&gt; Texas. &gt;&gt; Texas. &gt;&gt; Texas. &gt;&gt; Deep in the heart of Texas. &gt;&gt; Deep in the heart of Texas. &gt;&gt; Deep in the heart of Texas. &gt;&gt; What? How does it go? &gt;&gt; What? How does it go? &gt;&gt; What? How does it go? &gt;&gt; The sun, the moon, stars are bright. &gt;&gt; The sun, the moon, stars are bright. &gt;&gt; The sun, the moon, stars are bright. &gt;&gt; The stars at night are big and bright. &gt;&gt; The stars at night are big and bright. &gt;&gt; The stars at night are big and bright. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; This is wild. &gt;&gt; This is wild. &gt;&gt; This is wild. &gt;&gt; That I thought that it was going to be &gt;&gt; That I thought that it was going to be &gt;&gt; That I thought that it was going to be more like bigger than that. This is the more like bigger than that. This is the more like bigger than that. This is the wildest thing I've ever seen in my And I wildest thing I've ever seen in my And I wildest thing I've ever seen in my And I want to get the I don't want to I have want to get the I don't want to I have want to get the I don't want to I have to be so gentle. to be so gentle. to be so gentle. &gt;&gt; Holy macaroni. &gt;&gt; Holy macaroni. &gt;&gt; Holy macaroni. &gt;&gt; There's like a a Christmas scene inside. &gt;&gt; There's like a a Christmas scene inside. &gt;&gt; There's like a a Christmas scene inside. It's It's It's &gt;&gt; like a bear in there. Look at that. &gt;&gt; like a bear in there. Look at that. &gt;&gt; like a bear in there. Look at that. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. &gt;&gt; And it's like sparkly. &gt;&gt; And it's like sparkly. &gt;&gt; And it's like sparkly. &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh my gosh. Okay. Highly recommend &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh my gosh. Okay. Highly recommend &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh my gosh. Okay. Highly recommend checking out eggart.ca checking out eggart.ca checking out eggart.ca so you can see more of uh her her egg so you can see more of uh her her egg so you can see more of uh her her egg art. art. art. &gt;&gt; Mark this down is another thing I'd &gt;&gt; Mark this down is another thing I'd &gt;&gt; Mark this down is another thing I'd never be able to do. never be able to do. never be able to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, this &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, this &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, this &gt;&gt; I don't have the I don't have the &gt;&gt; I don't have the I don't have the &gt;&gt; I don't have the I don't have the &gt;&gt; And she signed it steady hands. &gt;&gt; And she signed it steady hands. &gt;&gt; And she signed it steady hands. &gt;&gt; There's her signature, I think, on the &gt;&gt; There's her signature, I think, on the &gt;&gt; There's her signature, I think, on the back. back. back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is so beautiful. &gt;&gt; this is so beautiful. &gt;&gt; this is so beautiful. &gt;&gt; My goodness. &gt;&gt; My goodness. &gt;&gt; My goodness. &gt;&gt; Holy cow. &gt;&gt; Holy cow. &gt;&gt; Holy cow. &gt;&gt; I want to like give it its own little &gt;&gt; I want to like give it its own little &gt;&gt; I want to like give it its own little special tree. special tree. special tree. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't want to put it on the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't want to put it on the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't want to put it on the tree. I feel like we're going to break tree. I feel like we're going to break tree. I feel like we're going to break it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Um, you know how they have those like &gt;&gt; Um, you know how they have those like &gt;&gt; Um, you know how they have those like little It's like a little It's like a little It's like a &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like a little hook like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like a little hook like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like a little hook like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we need one of those. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we need one of those. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we need one of those. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; This is very cool. &gt;&gt; This is very cool. &gt;&gt; This is very cool. [clears throat and cough] You know [clears throat and cough] You know [clears throat and cough] You know what's really So Chris and Charmaine what's really So Chris and Charmaine what's really So Chris and Charmaine always give us like the coolest art always give us like the coolest art always give us like the coolest art things. They always like they really things. They always like they really things. They always like they really give such thoughtful gifts and I think give such thoughtful gifts and I think give such thoughtful gifts and I think that's so cool. So Wow. that's so cool. So Wow. that's so cool. So Wow. My gosh. Okay, I'm going to put this My gosh. Okay, I'm going to put this My gosh. Okay, I'm going to put this back in the box just so we can figure back in the box just so we can figure back in the box just so we can figure out where we're going to display it out where we're going to display it out where we're going to display it because I don't want to break this. because I don't want to break this. because I don't want to break this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm SC. We have to figure out a place to &gt;&gt; I'm SC. We have to figure out a place to &gt;&gt; I'm SC. We have to figure out a place to store it, too. Like for the season. I store it, too. Like for the season. I store it, too. Like for the season. I want to. So, I'd love to be able to get want to. So, I'd love to be able to get want to. So, I'd love to be able to get them like a really thoughtful gift like them like a really thoughtful gift like them like a really thoughtful gift like they give us, but like what in Orlando? they give us, but like what in Orlando? they give us, but like what in Orlando? We'd have to really find cuz they love We'd have to really find cuz they love We'd have to really find cuz they love art. art. art. &gt;&gt; We'll send them a live alligator. &gt;&gt; We'll send them a live alligator. &gt;&gt; We'll send them a live alligator. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Maybe we will be on the lookout. That &gt;&gt; Maybe we will be on the lookout. That &gt;&gt; Maybe we will be on the lookout. That definitely won't get like stopped in definitely won't get like stopped in definitely won't get like stopped in customs for sure. Right. customs for sure. Right. customs for sure. Right. &gt;&gt; So, Darlene Coco Taylor, &gt;&gt; So, Darlene Coco Taylor, &gt;&gt; So, Darlene Coco Taylor, uh, if you want to see her information, uh, if you want to see her information, uh, if you want to see her information, if you want to check out her artwork, if you want to check out her artwork, if you want to check out her artwork, that was so cool. That was amazing. that was so cool. That was amazing. that was so cool. That was amazing. &gt;&gt; Oh, this whole box was was &gt;&gt; Oh, this whole box was was &gt;&gt; Oh, this whole box was was &gt;&gt; just to make sure that it was safe. &gt;&gt; just to make sure that it was safe. &gt;&gt; just to make sure that it was safe. Also, our friends Anthony and Tracy from Also, our friends Anthony and Tracy from Also, our friends Anthony and Tracy from the UK sent over the UK sent over the UK sent over &gt;&gt; Emily and Henry and Lucy. &gt;&gt; Emily and Henry and Lucy. &gt;&gt; Emily and Henry and Lucy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, they sent over a box. Um, I opened &gt;&gt; So, they sent over a box. Um, I opened &gt;&gt; So, they sent over a box. Um, I opened it cuz I was thinking we would open open it cuz I was thinking we would open open it cuz I was thinking we would open open it up, but it's all wrapped. it up, but it's all wrapped. it up, but it's all wrapped. &gt;&gt; It's got presents inside of it. &gt;&gt; It's got presents inside of it. &gt;&gt; It's got presents inside of it. &gt;&gt; We're going to save this for Christmas &gt;&gt; We're going to save this for Christmas &gt;&gt; We're going to save this for Christmas Day. So, if you're seeing this, we're Day. So, if you're seeing this, we're Day. So, if you're seeing this, we're going to open it on Christmas day. going to open it on Christmas day. going to open it on Christmas day. &gt;&gt; We should open one right now. &gt;&gt; We should open one right now. &gt;&gt; We should open one right now. &gt;&gt; Which one? &gt;&gt; Which one? &gt;&gt; Which one? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Pick one. This one? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Pick one. This one? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Pick one. This one? &gt;&gt; No, not the tea. &gt;&gt; No, not the tea. &gt;&gt; No, not the tea. &gt;&gt; Decaf Yorkshire Tea. &gt;&gt; Decaf Yorkshire Tea. &gt;&gt; Decaf Yorkshire Tea. &gt;&gt; Decaf Yorkshire Tea. Oh, &gt;&gt; Decaf Yorkshire Tea. Oh, &gt;&gt; Decaf Yorkshire Tea. Oh, &gt;&gt; this one. &gt;&gt; this one. &gt;&gt; this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, do the tiny one. That way it's not &gt;&gt; Yeah, do the tiny one. That way it's not &gt;&gt; Yeah, do the tiny one. That way it's not like, like, like, &gt;&gt; you know, it's a tiny thing. &gt;&gt; you know, it's a tiny thing. &gt;&gt; you know, it's a tiny thing. &gt;&gt; The kids are going to be Oh, it's a &gt;&gt; The kids are going to be Oh, it's a &gt;&gt; The kids are going to be Oh, it's a wagon wheel. wagon wheel. wagon wheel. &gt;&gt; One singular wagon wheel. &gt;&gt; One singular wagon wheel. &gt;&gt; One singular wagon wheel. &gt;&gt; So, we um visited Anthony and Tracy back &gt;&gt; So, we um visited Anthony and Tracy back &gt;&gt; So, we um visited Anthony and Tracy back it would had to have been like 15 years it would had to have been like 15 years it would had to have been like 15 years ago now. Like I I can't even remember ago now. Like I I can't even remember ago now. Like I I can't even remember what year that was, but we went and what year that was, but we went and what year that was, but we went and visited them. We went to Cornwall. It's visited them. We went to Cornwall. It's visited them. We went to Cornwall. It's a wagon wheel jammy. a wagon wheel jammy. a wagon wheel jammy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. &gt;&gt; I love that. But we went to visit them &gt;&gt; I love that. But we went to visit them &gt;&gt; I love that. But we went to visit them and actually it's kind of wild that they and actually it's kind of wild that they and actually it's kind of wild that they even let us stay with them cuz we we even let us stay with them cuz we we even let us stay with them cuz we we like like like &gt;&gt; literally were strangers from the &gt;&gt; literally were strangers from the &gt;&gt; literally were strangers from the internet and they were like internet and they were like internet and they were like &gt;&gt; come and stay with us and we were like &gt;&gt; come and stay with us and we were like &gt;&gt; come and stay with us and we were like okay. okay. okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So here this is your sign to meet &gt;&gt; So here this is your sign to meet &gt;&gt; So here this is your sign to meet strangers from the internet because you strangers from the internet because you strangers from the internet because you could be lifelong friends. could be lifelong friends. could be lifelong friends. &gt;&gt; No once you let them in they'll never &gt;&gt; No once you let them in they'll never &gt;&gt; No once you let them in they'll never leave. [laughter] leave. [laughter] leave. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It was so awesome. We had such a great &gt;&gt; It was so awesome. We had such a great &gt;&gt; It was so awesome. We had such a great time. We like they showed us around time. We like they showed us around time. We like they showed us around where they lived. We saw so many neat where they lived. We saw so many neat where they lived. We saw so many neat things. things. things. &gt;&gt; Saw the Eden Project. &gt;&gt; Saw the Eden Project. &gt;&gt; Saw the Eden Project. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a lot of fun. I uh if I can &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a lot of fun. I uh if I can &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a lot of fun. I uh if I can find those videos, I'll link them, but find those videos, I'll link them, but find those videos, I'll link them, but they were very, very old. So, I'll have they were very, very old. So, I'll have they were very, very old. So, I'll have to peel back the layers of our YouTube to peel back the layers of our YouTube to peel back the layers of our YouTube catalog. But I wish they would come catalog. But I wish they would come catalog. But I wish they would come back, too, because they did come, but back, too, because they did come, but back, too, because they did come, but they stayed at Disney, so we didn't get they stayed at Disney, so we didn't get they stayed at Disney, so we didn't get to really show them around. So, if you to really show them around. So, if you to really show them around. So, if you guys come back, you got a place here. guys come back, you got a place here. guys come back, you got a place here. You can stay right here with us, and You can stay right here with us, and You can stay right here with us, and we'll show you around. we'll show you around. we'll show you around. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, do it. Come bring bring everybody. &gt;&gt; So, do it. Come bring bring everybody. &gt;&gt; So, do it. Come bring bring everybody. Let's do Maybe don't bring the dog. That Let's do Maybe don't bring the dog. That Let's do Maybe don't bring the dog. That sounds like a You might have to sounds like a You might have to sounds like a You might have to quarantine or something like that. I'm quarantine or something like that. I'm quarantine or something like that. I'm sure there's like sure there's like sure there's like &gt;&gt; Lucy. Lucy's She's invited. &gt;&gt; Lucy. Lucy's She's invited. &gt;&gt; Lucy. Lucy's She's invited. &gt;&gt; She's invited, but I think there's a &gt;&gt; She's invited, but I think there's a &gt;&gt; She's invited, but I think there's a whole process between like taking a dog whole process between like taking a dog whole process between like taking a dog between countries. between countries. between countries. &gt;&gt; There's not. Just bring it. &gt;&gt; There's not. Just bring it. &gt;&gt; There's not. Just bring it. &gt;&gt; There's not. Okay. &gt;&gt; There's not. Okay. &gt;&gt; There's not. Okay. &gt;&gt; But we miss you guys. Thank you for &gt;&gt; But we miss you guys. Thank you for &gt;&gt; But we miss you guys. Thank you for sending us the package. And we can't sending us the package. And we can't sending us the package. And we can't wait to open it on Christmas. Thank you wait to open it on Christmas. Thank you wait to open it on Christmas. Thank you for the wagon wheel. for the wagon wheel. for the wagon wheel. &gt;&gt; I like that when he sent it, too, he &gt;&gt; I like that when he sent it, too, he &gt;&gt; I like that when he sent it, too, he addressed it to Lord and Lady. addressed it to Lord and Lady. addressed it to Lord and Lady. &gt;&gt; Oh, he did? I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; Oh, he did? I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; Oh, he did? I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; I the the like address is gone. &gt;&gt; I the the like address is gone. &gt;&gt; I the the like address is gone. &gt;&gt; I'm the lady of the house. Oh, you're a &gt;&gt; I'm the lady of the house. Oh, you're a &gt;&gt; I'm the lady of the house. Oh, you're a lady and I'm your baby. lady and I'm your baby. lady and I'm your baby. &gt;&gt; She goes, "So, when we first went to &gt;&gt; She goes, "So, when we first went to &gt;&gt; She goes, "So, when we first went to visit them, Emily was I don't know, like visit them, Emily was I don't know, like visit them, Emily was I don't know, like &gt;&gt; a baby." &gt;&gt; a baby." &gt;&gt; a baby." &gt;&gt; She was, I think, probably like four. &gt;&gt; She was, I think, probably like four. &gt;&gt; She was, I think, probably like four. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, she was cuz Henry was a baby. &gt;&gt; I mean, she was cuz Henry was a baby. &gt;&gt; I mean, she was cuz Henry was a baby. So, I think she was probably like three So, I think she was probably like three So, I think she was probably like three or four. And she kept going, or four. And she kept going, or four. And she kept going, &gt;&gt; "I'm the ba." No, she kept saying, "I'm &gt;&gt; "I'm the ba." No, she kept saying, "I'm &gt;&gt; "I'm the ba." No, she kept saying, "I'm the sister and you're the baby." And I the sister and you're the baby." And I the sister and you're the baby." And I was like, I love this. I can't wait to was like, I love this. I can't wait to was like, I love this. I can't wait to have kids. And look at us now. Now we have kids. And look at us now. Now we have kids. And look at us now. Now we have a small British child [laughter] have a small British child [laughter] have a small British child [laughter] named Oliver. named Oliver. named Oliver. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So yeah, thank you guys so much for &gt;&gt; So yeah, thank you guys so much for &gt;&gt; So yeah, thank you guys so much for thinking of us. We really appreciate um thinking of us. We really appreciate um thinking of us. We really appreciate um friendship. So thank you. friendship. So thank you. friendship. So thank you. &gt;&gt; High five to friendship. Trying to find &gt;&gt; High five to friendship. Trying to find &gt;&gt; High five to friendship. Trying to find socks, like cozy socks for the kids. And socks, like cozy socks for the kids. And socks, like cozy socks for the kids. And they've got these bluey ones which are they've got these bluey ones which are they've got these bluey ones which are pretty fun. pretty fun. pretty fun. &gt;&gt; But I I want like holiday ones. &gt;&gt; But I I want like holiday ones. &gt;&gt; But I I want like holiday ones. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; They should maybe in this like holiday &gt;&gt; They should maybe in this like holiday &gt;&gt; They should maybe in this like holiday section. Is this a holiday section? section. Is this a holiday section? section. Is this a holiday section? &gt;&gt; No, this is the underwear section. &gt;&gt; No, this is the underwear section. &gt;&gt; No, this is the underwear section. &gt;&gt; I know, but then like there's like like &gt;&gt; I know, but then like there's like like &gt;&gt; I know, but then like there's like like sort of holiday stuff here. Like this is sort of holiday stuff here. Like this is sort of holiday stuff here. Like this is a kids holiday onesie. &gt;&gt; Alder likes Spider-Man. &gt;&gt; Alder likes Spider-Man. &gt;&gt; Alder likes Spider-Man. &gt;&gt; But it's not the Spider-Man he knows. &gt;&gt; But it's not the Spider-Man he knows. &gt;&gt; But it's not the Spider-Man he knows. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; it's not like little little cutesy &gt;&gt; it's not like little little cutesy &gt;&gt; it's not like little little cutesy Spider-Man. It's like Spider-Man. Spider-Man. It's like Spider-Man. Spider-Man. It's like Spider-Man. &gt;&gt; Oh, the man, &gt;&gt; Oh, the man, &gt;&gt; Oh, the man, &gt;&gt; you know. Okay. &gt;&gt; you know. Okay. &gt;&gt; you know. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, would he &gt;&gt; So, would he &gt;&gt; So, would he &gt;&gt; No, he probably not might not like that. &gt;&gt; No, he probably not might not like that. &gt;&gt; No, he probably not might not like that. &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's so funny to me &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's so funny to me &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's so funny to me because this is literally what the kids because this is literally what the kids because this is literally what the kids eat every morning. Oliver eats waffles eat every morning. Oliver eats waffles eat every morning. Oliver eats waffles and Jackson eat p eats pancakes. and Jackson eat p eats pancakes. and Jackson eat p eats pancakes. &gt;&gt; The stinky pig game. &gt;&gt; The stinky pig game. &gt;&gt; The stinky pig game. &gt;&gt; Why would you want a stinky pig? &gt;&gt; Why would you want a stinky pig? &gt;&gt; Why would you want a stinky pig? &gt;&gt; Says to push his belly. What happens? &gt;&gt; Says to push his belly. What happens? &gt;&gt; Says to push his belly. What happens? &gt;&gt; You have to collect as many waffle or &gt;&gt; You have to collect as many waffle or &gt;&gt; You have to collect as many waffle or pancake cards as humanly possible. This pancake cards as humanly possible. This pancake cards as humanly possible. This does look like fun. You have to use tiny does look like fun. You have to use tiny does look like fun. You have to use tiny hands to feed yourself marshmallows. hands to feed yourself marshmallows. hands to feed yourself marshmallows. This game is called Guess the Gibberish. This game is called Guess the Gibberish. This game is called Guess the Gibberish. &gt;&gt; Oh, it was called &gt;&gt; Oh, it was called &gt;&gt; Oh, it was called was we had a game that was exactly like was we had a game that was exactly like was we had a game that was exactly like this. this. this. &gt;&gt; It was called Mad Gab. &gt;&gt; It was called Mad Gab. &gt;&gt; It was called Mad Gab. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Shoe Car Rush. &gt;&gt; Shoe Car Rush. &gt;&gt; Shoe Car Rush. &gt;&gt; We still have it. &gt;&gt; We still have it. &gt;&gt; We still have it. &gt;&gt; We should play that. This is funny &gt;&gt; We should play that. This is funny &gt;&gt; We should play that. This is funny because it's like they have the same because it's like they have the same because it's like they have the same design Hot Wheels does that they've had design Hot Wheels does that they've had design Hot Wheels does that they've had for their entire life and they just like for their entire life and they just like for their entire life and they just like keep changing it every year to something keep changing it every year to something keep changing it every year to something new. So like we have this one at home, new. So like we have this one at home, new. So like we have this one at home, but it looks slightly different, but all of the like actuations are the but all of the like actuations are the but all of the like actuations are the same. And like this building pops up. same. And like this building pops up. same. And like this building pops up. This building pops up. This like lift This building pops up. This like lift This building pops up. This like lift goes up. This door closes. This thing goes up. This door closes. This thing goes up. This door closes. This thing you crank up and like there's a This one you crank up and like there's a This one you crank up and like there's a This one doesn't have the little bell. Oh, no. doesn't have the little bell. Oh, no. doesn't have the little bell. Oh, no. It's right there. The little bell's It's right there. The little bell's It's right there. The little bell's right there. So, it's exactly the same. right there. So, it's exactly the same. right there. So, it's exactly the same. It just looks slightly different. It's It just looks slightly different. It's It just looks slightly different. It's weird because not only is it a mini weird because not only is it a mini weird because not only is it a mini cart, but they give you like mini cart, but they give you like mini cart, but they give you like mini versions of their products to put in it. versions of their products to put in it. versions of their products to put in it. And one of those mini products is a And one of those mini products is a And one of those mini products is a gingerbread house from Target. So, not gingerbread house from Target. So, not gingerbread house from Target. So, not only are you making a sugar cookie cart, only are you making a sugar cookie cart, only are you making a sugar cookie cart, you're filling it with a mini you're filling it with a mini you're filling it with a mini gingerbread house. Oh, looks like I just gingerbread house. Oh, looks like I just gingerbread house. Oh, looks like I just found a new nickname for you. Snow pals found a new nickname for you. Snow pals found a new nickname for you. Snow pals nose cheese balls. This is better than a nose cheese balls. This is better than a nose cheese balls. This is better than a pony. pony. pony. &gt;&gt; 18 fulls size packs of Reese's Peanut &gt;&gt; 18 fulls size packs of Reese's Peanut &gt;&gt; 18 fulls size packs of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Butter Cups. Butter Cups. &gt;&gt; Wa! This is what I'm going to get you. &gt;&gt; Wa! This is what I'm going to get you. &gt;&gt; Wa! This is what I'm going to get you. &gt;&gt; Heck yeah. &gt;&gt; Heck yeah. &gt;&gt; Heck yeah. &gt;&gt; You just You just ruined your surprise. &gt;&gt; You just You just ruined your surprise. &gt;&gt; You just You just ruined your surprise. &gt;&gt; What does it say on the back? Oh, look. &gt;&gt; What does it say on the back? Oh, look. &gt;&gt; What does it say on the back? Oh, look. It tells you like hiding from neighbor carolers, a reward hiding from neighbor carolers, a reward hiding from neighbor carolers, a reward [music] for digging out from snow [music] for digging out from snow [music] for digging out from snow apocalypse. Gift wrapping marathon apocalypse. Gift wrapping marathon apocalypse. Gift wrapping marathon break. Oh, break. Oh, break. Oh, &gt;&gt; you get to open them &gt;&gt; you get to open them &gt;&gt; you get to open them &gt;&gt; inside your igloo. &gt;&gt; inside your igloo. &gt;&gt; inside your igloo. &gt;&gt; Shaking presents instead of a fruit &gt;&gt; Shaking presents instead of a fruit &gt;&gt; Shaking presents instead of a fruit cake. Okay. After not getting a pony cake. Okay. After not getting a pony cake. Okay. After not getting a pony again, again, again, you get 18 Reese's full size. Look at you get 18 Reese's full size. Look at you get 18 Reese's full size. Look at these things. Two halfb cups. these things. Two halfb cups. these things. Two halfb cups. This is what I'm talking about. Reese's This is what I'm talking about. Reese's This is what I'm talking about. Reese's really knows like how to do it. Another really knows like how to do it. Another really knows like how to do it. Another one. Like a big Santa. This is amazing. one. Like a big Santa. This is amazing. one. Like a big Santa. This is amazing. I mean, not everything has to be a game, I mean, not everything has to be a game, I mean, not everything has to be a game, right? Look at this. They're like I right? Look at this. They're like I right? Look at this. They're like I don't even know what you would call don't even know what you would call don't even know what you would call this, but they're like clear looking. this, but they're like clear looking. this, but they're like clear looking. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; it's cool. &gt;&gt; it's cool. &gt;&gt; it's cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. So, like maybe I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. So, like maybe I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. So, like maybe I'm like out of the loop as far as like like out of the loop as far as like like out of the loop as far as like Christmas ornament style goes, but like Christmas ornament style goes, but like Christmas ornament style goes, but like when did we start doing like jars of when did we start doing like jars of when did we start doing like jars of peanut butter as a Christmas ornament peanut butter as a Christmas ornament peanut butter as a Christmas ornament or like a thing of Easy Mac or like a thing of Easy Mac or like a thing of Easy Mac or M&amp;M's? I got to admit, I think the or M&amp;M's? I got to admit, I think the or M&amp;M's? I got to admit, I think the kids would think this is pretty funny, kids would think this is pretty funny, kids would think this is pretty funny, though. &gt;&gt; Oh, what's that? &gt;&gt; Oh, what's that? &gt;&gt; Oh, what's that? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a good question. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a good question. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a good question. to all of it from Santa. to all of it from Santa. to all of it from Santa. &gt;&gt; Hey, is that a Pokemon? &gt;&gt; Hey, is that a Pokemon? &gt;&gt; Hey, is that a Pokemon? &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; Um, which Pokemon is it? &gt;&gt; Um, which Pokemon is it? &gt;&gt; Um, which Pokemon is it? &gt;&gt; That's called a slow. What's his name? &gt;&gt; That's called a slow. What's his name? &gt;&gt; That's called a slow. What's his name? Slowb Bro. No, Slowpoke. Slowb Bro. No, Slowpoke. Slowb Bro. No, Slowpoke. &gt;&gt; All the carrots. &gt;&gt; All the carrots. &gt;&gt; All the carrots. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; All his cookies. &gt;&gt; All his cookies. &gt;&gt; All his cookies. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. He did want three cookies. Merry He did want three cookies. Merry He did want three cookies. Merry Christmas. Christmas. Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; What is that? Who Who is that from? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; Let's see. Look. Look. Look. &gt;&gt; Wo. I want to open this. &gt;&gt; Wo. I want to open this. &gt;&gt; Wo. I want to open this. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; What do you think that is? &gt;&gt; What do you think that is? &gt;&gt; What do you think that is? &gt;&gt; It's like a crayon thing where you put &gt;&gt; It's like a crayon thing where you put &gt;&gt; It's like a crayon thing where you put crayons and then it spins. crayons and then it spins. crayons and then it spins. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you think that that was Can you see &gt;&gt; Do you think that that was Can you see &gt;&gt; Do you think that that was Can you see it? It kind of looks like &gt;&gt; What do you have, Oliver? It kind of &gt;&gt; What do you have, Oliver? It kind of &gt;&gt; What do you have, Oliver? It kind of looks like a Beyblade, buddy. looks like a Beyblade, buddy. looks like a Beyblade, buddy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. You found it. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. You found it. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. You found it. &gt;&gt; I think this might be the way that he &gt;&gt; I think this might be the way that he &gt;&gt; I think this might be the way that he got you a Beyblade that was for your got you a Beyblade that was for your got you a Beyblade that was for your age. age. age. &gt;&gt; Now, let me open this one. It's two &gt;&gt; Now, let me open this one. It's two &gt;&gt; Now, let me open this one. It's two Jackson from mama and daddy. Jackson from mama and daddy. Jackson from mama and daddy. &gt;&gt; Oh, buddy. Look. &gt;&gt; Oh, buddy. Look. &gt;&gt; Oh, buddy. Look. &gt;&gt; It's like a little fishing game, Oliver. &gt;&gt; It's like a little fishing game, Oliver. &gt;&gt; It's like a little fishing game, Oliver. &gt;&gt; That is so fun. &gt;&gt; That is so fun. &gt;&gt; That is so fun. &gt;&gt; I try to use it. &gt;&gt; I try to use it. &gt;&gt; I try to use it. &gt;&gt; You want to try to use it? &gt;&gt; You want to try to use it? &gt;&gt; You want to try to use it? &gt;&gt; You got to see what letter you got. &gt;&gt; You got to see what letter you got. &gt;&gt; You got to see what letter you got. &gt;&gt; I'm just going to catch P. &gt;&gt; I'm just going to catch P. &gt;&gt; I'm just going to catch P. &gt;&gt; You found the letter C. &gt;&gt; You found the letter C. &gt;&gt; You found the letter C. Whoa. You got the letter P, Jackson. Whoa. You got the letter P, Jackson. Whoa. You got the letter P, Jackson. Good job. Good job. Good job. &gt;&gt; This see &gt;&gt; This see &gt;&gt; This see &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a little car that you have &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a little car that you have &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a little car that you have to build, buddy. Oh, to build, buddy. Oh, to build, buddy. Oh, &gt;&gt; what is it, Jackson? &gt;&gt; what is it, Jackson? &gt;&gt; what is it, Jackson? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; On my list. &gt;&gt; On my list. &gt;&gt; On my list. &gt;&gt; That was on your list. &gt;&gt; That was on your list. &gt;&gt; That was on your list. &gt;&gt; Mama and Dad. &gt;&gt; Mama and Dad. &gt;&gt; Mama and Dad. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a number and alphabet &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a number and alphabet &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like a number and alphabet puzzle. puzzle. puzzle. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I will open it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I will open it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I will open it. Oh, look. Oh, look. Oh, look. &gt;&gt; I need to fill the tires with &gt;&gt; I need to fill the tires with &gt;&gt; I need to fill the tires with &gt;&gt; that. &gt;&gt; that. &gt;&gt; that. Oh, yeah. This is for both of you guys. Oh, yeah. This is for both of you guys. Oh, yeah. This is for both of you guys. You guys both have to open it together. You guys both have to open it together. You guys both have to open it together. &gt;&gt; Wa! &gt;&gt; Wa! &gt;&gt; Wa! &gt;&gt; Hey, a big giant toothbrush. giant toothbrush. giant toothbrush. &gt;&gt; A big giant toothbrush. [laughter] &gt;&gt; A big giant toothbrush. [laughter] &gt;&gt; A big giant toothbrush. [laughter] What is it, Jackson? What is it, Jackson? What is it, Jackson? &gt;&gt; Look, &gt;&gt; Look, &gt;&gt; Look, &gt;&gt; I think we have &gt;&gt; I think we have &gt;&gt; I think we have &gt;&gt; Oh, we have to open up the whole Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, we have to open up the whole Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, we have to open up the whole Oh, it's not It's not for combing your it's not It's not for combing your it's not It's not for combing your [laughter] hair. [laughter] hair. [laughter] hair. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; It's for dusting, sweeping, and mopping. &gt;&gt; It's for dusting, sweeping, and mopping. &gt;&gt; It's for dusting, sweeping, and mopping. This was like a silly present just cuz This was like a silly present just cuz This was like a silly present just cuz they always want to they always want to they always want to they always want to they always want to they always want to use the vacuum and stuff. use the vacuum and stuff. use the vacuum and stuff. &gt;&gt; Well, let's Do you want me to open it so &gt;&gt; Well, let's Do you want me to open it so &gt;&gt; Well, let's Do you want me to open it so that you can see it? that you can see it? that you can see it? &gt;&gt; Oo, look how cozy those are. &gt;&gt; Oo, look how cozy those are. &gt;&gt; Oo, look how cozy those are. &gt;&gt; Look at this big &gt;&gt; Look at this big &gt;&gt; Look at this big &gt;&gt; Let's get this &gt;&gt; Let's get this &gt;&gt; Let's get this &gt;&gt; big uh big stash of stuff from his &gt;&gt; big uh big stash of stuff from his &gt;&gt; big uh big stash of stuff from his stocking. stocking. stocking. &gt;&gt; We're going to open that. &gt;&gt; We're going to open that. &gt;&gt; We're going to open that. &gt;&gt; Oliver is in love with this thing. &gt;&gt; Oliver is in love with this thing. &gt;&gt; Oliver is in love with this thing. &gt;&gt; I You get this thing. &gt;&gt; I You get this thing. &gt;&gt; I You get this thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can. Do you want to wear these &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can. Do you want to wear these &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can. Do you want to wear these right now? right now? right now? &gt;&gt; Let's open this. &gt;&gt; Let's open this. &gt;&gt; Let's open this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Still so heavy. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Still so heavy. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Still so heavy. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Mom, I got &gt;&gt; Mom, I got &gt;&gt; Mom, I got &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm open. &gt;&gt; What did you get? &gt;&gt; What did you get? &gt;&gt; What did you get? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. You're right. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. You're right. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. You're right. &gt;&gt; A giant piano. &gt;&gt; A giant piano. &gt;&gt; A giant piano. &gt;&gt; You're like a big present. &gt;&gt; You're like a big present. &gt;&gt; You're like a big present. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. Pokemon. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. Pokemon. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. Pokemon. &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; Pokemon book. &gt;&gt; Pokemon book. &gt;&gt; Pokemon book. &gt;&gt; It's a Pokemon book. &gt;&gt; It's a Pokemon book. &gt;&gt; It's a Pokemon book. &gt;&gt; What book is it? Oh, it's a Pokemon &gt;&gt; What book is it? Oh, it's a Pokemon &gt;&gt; What book is it? Oh, it's a Pokemon emotions book. emotions book. emotions book. That's cool. What's their emotion? What That's cool. What's their emotion? What That's cool. What's their emotion? What do Magikarps feel? do Magikarps feel? do Magikarps feel? &gt;&gt; Magikarps feel crazy because they're &gt;&gt; Magikarps feel crazy because they're &gt;&gt; Magikarps feel crazy because they're like, "Oh, [laughter] no. like, "Oh, [laughter] no. like, "Oh, [laughter] no. What's that?" Oh, What's that?" Oh, What's that?" Oh, &gt;&gt; it's a singing. &gt;&gt; it's a singing. &gt;&gt; it's a singing. &gt;&gt; A singing thing. Jackson, look. What is &gt;&gt; A singing thing. Jackson, look. What is &gt;&gt; A singing thing. Jackson, look. What is it? it? it? &gt;&gt; What did Oliver open, Jackson? &gt;&gt; What did Oliver open, Jackson? &gt;&gt; What did Oliver open, Jackson? &gt;&gt; Oliver, I think this was for you. That &gt;&gt; Oliver, I think this was for you. That &gt;&gt; Oliver, I think this was for you. That was for me. was for me. was for me. &gt;&gt; I think they're both for you. These are &gt;&gt; I think they're both for you. These are &gt;&gt; I think they're both for you. These are for you to share. for you to share. for you to share. &gt;&gt; On my list. &gt;&gt; On my list. &gt;&gt; On my list. &gt;&gt; You did? There's that guy. &gt;&gt; You did? There's that guy. &gt;&gt; You did? There's that guy. &gt;&gt; Who's that guy? &gt;&gt; Who's that guy? &gt;&gt; Who's that guy? &gt;&gt; That guy. &gt;&gt; That guy. &gt;&gt; That guy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That little silly &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That little silly &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That little silly &gt;&gt; executive. &gt;&gt; executive. &gt;&gt; executive. [laughter] &gt;&gt; What are you thinking? &gt;&gt; Did you just get Welches? &gt;&gt; Did you just get Welches? &gt;&gt; Did you just get Welches? &gt;&gt; Should you open it right here? &gt;&gt; Should you open it right here? &gt;&gt; Should you open it right here? &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Cool. Should you open that box? &gt;&gt; Cool. Should you open that box? &gt;&gt; Cool. Should you open that box? &gt;&gt; Should you open it and see if there's a &gt;&gt; Should you open it and see if there's a &gt;&gt; Should you open it and see if there's a lot of Welches in there? lot of Welches in there? lot of Welches in there? &gt;&gt; Do the other side. &gt;&gt; Do the other side. &gt;&gt; Do the other side. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look and see what's &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look and see what's &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look and see what's inside of there. I also inside of there. I also inside of there. I also &gt;&gt; pull that one. You want to eat those? &gt;&gt; pull that one. You want to eat those? &gt;&gt; pull that one. You want to eat those? Let's see what's in there. Let's see what's in there. Let's see what's in there. &gt;&gt; It's in here. &gt;&gt; It's in here. &gt;&gt; It's in here. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Welches. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Welches. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Welches. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh, hey, look. I really wanted &gt;&gt; Oh, hey, look. I really wanted &gt;&gt; Oh, hey, look. I really wanted &gt;&gt; That's what you really wanted. You &gt;&gt; That's what you really wanted. You &gt;&gt; That's what you really wanted. You didn't really want didn't really want didn't really want &gt;&gt; Mario Bros. and New Super Mario Bros. 2. &gt;&gt; Mario Bros. and New Super Mario Bros. 2. &gt;&gt; Mario Bros. and New Super Mario Bros. 2. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; This is the 2DS. It plays both 3DS and &gt;&gt; This is the 2DS. It plays both 3DS and &gt;&gt; This is the 2DS. It plays both 3DS and DS games. DS games. DS games. &gt;&gt; So, where's the 2DS? &gt;&gt; So, where's the 2DS? &gt;&gt; So, where's the 2DS? &gt;&gt; That's that blue thing. &gt;&gt; That's that blue thing. &gt;&gt; That's that blue thing. &gt;&gt; The wa &gt;&gt; The wa &gt;&gt; The wa &gt;&gt; Did you just see the games? You didn't &gt;&gt; Did you just see the games? You didn't &gt;&gt; Did you just see the games? You didn't see that? There's a thing to play it on. see that? There's a thing to play it on. see that? There's a thing to play it on. &gt;&gt; I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Cuz I can unlock a rainbow level. &gt;&gt; Cuz I can unlock a rainbow level. &gt;&gt; Cuz I can unlock a rainbow level. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; What did you get? &gt;&gt; What did you get? &gt;&gt; What did you get? &gt;&gt; I got a new night gown. &gt;&gt; I got a new night gown. &gt;&gt; I got a new night gown. &gt;&gt; Oh, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, [laughter] next. next. next. &gt;&gt; You got two new night gowns. &gt;&gt; You got two new night gowns. &gt;&gt; You got two new night gowns. &gt;&gt; The night gowns that I wear are &gt;&gt; The night gowns that I wear are &gt;&gt; The night gowns that I wear are literally 20 years old. literally 20 years old. literally 20 years old. &gt;&gt; So now I got some new ones. Oh, these &gt;&gt; So now I got some new ones. Oh, these &gt;&gt; So now I got some new ones. Oh, these are actually so nice. are actually so nice. are actually so nice. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. They're like so soft. Oliver is &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. They're like so soft. Oliver is &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. They're like so soft. Oliver is like not so excited about opening the like not so excited about opening the like not so excited about opening the presents, but this one is to both of presents, but this one is to both of presents, but this one is to both of them. This is to Jackson and Oliver. I them. This is to Jackson and Oliver. I them. This is to Jackson and Oliver. I think he sees something that he wants to think he sees something that he wants to think he sees something that he wants to play with and then he's done opening play with and then he's done opening play with and then he's done opening presents. presents. presents. &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; Rocket. &gt;&gt; Rocket. &gt;&gt; Rocket. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; What do you think it is? &gt;&gt; What do you think it is? &gt;&gt; What do you think it is? &gt;&gt; It's a rocket. &gt;&gt; It's a rocket. &gt;&gt; It's a rocket. &gt;&gt; Now, Dad, can we play Pokémon? &gt;&gt; Now, Dad, can we play Pokémon? &gt;&gt; Now, Dad, can we play Pokémon? &gt;&gt; No, but we need to finish opening all of &gt;&gt; No, but we need to finish opening all of &gt;&gt; No, but we need to finish opening all of our gifts. Okay. our gifts. Okay. our gifts. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. We have two Pokémon obsessed kids. &gt;&gt; Okay. We have two Pokémon obsessed kids. &gt;&gt; Okay. We have two Pokémon obsessed kids. They launch 20 ft. They launch 20 ft. They launch 20 ft. &gt;&gt; They launch 20 ft. &gt;&gt; They launch 20 ft. &gt;&gt; They launch 20 ft. &gt;&gt; And then what do you have to do with it &gt;&gt; And then what do you have to do with it &gt;&gt; And then what do you have to do with it after they launch? after they launch? after they launch? &gt;&gt; You have to catch it in the net. &gt;&gt; You have to catch it in the net. &gt;&gt; You have to catch it in the net. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a game. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a game. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a game. &gt;&gt; That's cool. Should daddy open a &gt;&gt; That's cool. Should daddy open a &gt;&gt; That's cool. Should daddy open a present? present? present? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'll give him his present. &gt;&gt; I'll give him his present. &gt;&gt; I'll give him his present. &gt;&gt; I think he has it. &gt;&gt; I think he has it. &gt;&gt; I think he has it. &gt;&gt; Got this one right here. &gt;&gt; Got this one right here. &gt;&gt; Got this one right here. &gt;&gt; Can I see? &gt;&gt; Can I see? &gt;&gt; Can I see? &gt;&gt; No, buddy. We need to finish opening our &gt;&gt; No, buddy. We need to finish opening our &gt;&gt; No, buddy. We need to finish opening our gifts first. Okay. gifts first. Okay. gifts first. Okay. &gt;&gt; Let's see what daddy got. What'd you &gt;&gt; Let's see what daddy got. What'd you &gt;&gt; Let's see what daddy got. What'd you get? get? get? &gt;&gt; I got new shoes. Look at these shoes. &gt;&gt; I got new shoes. Look at these shoes. &gt;&gt; I got new shoes. Look at these shoes. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; you know I love my OnClouds. [laughter] &gt;&gt; you know I love my OnClouds. [laughter] &gt;&gt; you know I love my OnClouds. [laughter] Yeah, those are a bit big for you, Yeah, those are a bit big for you, Yeah, those are a bit big for you, buddy. buddy. buddy. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. He looked like he was swabbing &gt;&gt; Oh, no. He looked like he was swabbing &gt;&gt; Oh, no. He looked like he was swabbing the deck. Are you like a little pirate? the deck. Are you like a little pirate? the deck. Are you like a little pirate? &gt;&gt; What kind of deck was he swabbing, &gt;&gt; What kind of deck was he swabbing, &gt;&gt; What kind of deck was he swabbing, [laughter] Jackson? [laughter] Jackson? [laughter] Jackson? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What kind of deck was he swabbing? &gt;&gt; What kind of deck was he swabbing? &gt;&gt; What kind of deck was he swabbing? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Was it the poop deck? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Was it the poop deck? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Was it the poop deck? [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, you are &gt;&gt; Oh, you are &gt;&gt; Oh, you are &gt;&gt; two decks. &gt;&gt; two decks. &gt;&gt; two decks. &gt;&gt; This one's for you, buddy. What did &gt;&gt; This one's for you, buddy. What did &gt;&gt; This one's for you, buddy. What did Oliver get? Oliver get? Oliver get? &gt;&gt; It's a potato head. &gt;&gt; It's a potato head. &gt;&gt; It's a potato head. &gt;&gt; A potato head. Whoa. What's that? &gt;&gt; A potato head. Whoa. What's that? &gt;&gt; A potato head. Whoa. What's that? &gt;&gt; To throw the Poké Ball. &gt;&gt; To throw the Poké Ball. &gt;&gt; To throw the Poké Ball. &gt;&gt; I don't know which one that is, buddy. &gt;&gt; I don't know which one that is, buddy. &gt;&gt; I don't know which one that is, buddy. Hello. Welcome back to the world of Hello. Welcome back to the world of Hello. Welcome back to the world of Pokémon. I can read your mind and guess Pokémon. I can read your mind and guess Pokémon. I can read your mind and guess which Pokémon you're thinking of. which Pokémon you're thinking of. which Pokémon you're thinking of. &gt;&gt; Let's see. My first on clouds. &gt;&gt; Let's see. My first on clouds. &gt;&gt; Let's see. My first on clouds. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Look. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Look. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Look. &gt;&gt; What did you find? &gt;&gt; What did you find? &gt;&gt; What did you find? &gt;&gt; That &gt;&gt; That &gt;&gt; That &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; It's um I don't know. &gt;&gt; It's um I don't know. &gt;&gt; It's um I don't know. &gt;&gt; Look at your little cute feet. &gt;&gt; Look at your little cute feet. &gt;&gt; Look at your little cute feet. &gt;&gt; These are from our friends Anthony Tracy &gt;&gt; These are from our friends Anthony Tracy &gt;&gt; These are from our friends Anthony Tracy &gt;&gt; in the UK. &gt;&gt; in the UK. &gt;&gt; in the UK. &gt;&gt; Charmander. &gt;&gt; Charmander. &gt;&gt; Charmander. &gt;&gt; Wa. What is that? &gt;&gt; Wa. What is that? &gt;&gt; Wa. What is that? &gt;&gt; That is a huge chocolate bar. &gt;&gt; That is a huge chocolate bar. &gt;&gt; That is a huge chocolate bar. &gt;&gt; You have to keep opening. &gt;&gt; You have to keep opening. &gt;&gt; You have to keep opening. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. It's as big as your head. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. It's as big as your head. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. It's as big as your head. Oh, it's from Spencer. So, it's fancy. Oh, it's from Spencer. So, it's fancy. Oh, it's from Spencer. So, it's fancy. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; wow. This is heavy. [laughter] Yes, &gt;&gt; wow. This is heavy. [laughter] Yes, &gt;&gt; wow. This is heavy. [laughter] Yes, buddy. buddy. buddy. &gt;&gt; What does that evolve into? &gt;&gt; What does that evolve into? &gt;&gt; What does that evolve into? &gt;&gt; Let me see. Um, thank you. I love my &gt;&gt; Let me see. Um, thank you. I love my &gt;&gt; Let me see. Um, thank you. I love my shoes. shoes. shoes. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; That's a That's a little purple. &gt;&gt; That's a That's a little purple. &gt;&gt; That's a That's a little purple. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What do they evolve into? &gt;&gt; What do they evolve into? &gt;&gt; What do they evolve into? &gt;&gt; Um, that guy evolves into that guy. &gt;&gt; Um, that guy evolves into that guy. &gt;&gt; Um, that guy evolves into that guy. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. Um, but what does um a Squirtle evolve Um, but what does um a Squirtle evolve Um, but what does um a Squirtle evolve into? into? into? &gt;&gt; What does a Squirtle evolve into? Um, a &gt;&gt; What does a Squirtle evolve into? Um, a &gt;&gt; What does a Squirtle evolve into? Um, a war turtle. war turtle. war turtle. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, did I get it right? &gt;&gt; Oh, did I get it right? &gt;&gt; Oh, did I get it right? &gt;&gt; Going to be eating some custard creams. &gt;&gt; Going to be eating some custard creams. &gt;&gt; Going to be eating some custard creams. Oh, buddy. We got some delicious stuff Oh, buddy. We got some delicious stuff Oh, buddy. We got some delicious stuff coming our way today. Party rings. Oh my coming our way today. Party rings. Oh my coming our way today. Party rings. Oh my goodness gracious. goodness gracious. goodness gracious. &gt;&gt; Hold this. &gt;&gt; Hold this. &gt;&gt; Hold this. &gt;&gt; Wa. Feels like more custarded creams. &gt;&gt; Wa. Feels like more custarded creams. &gt;&gt; Wa. Feels like more custarded creams. &gt;&gt; Um, is this a sticky one? &gt;&gt; Um, is this a sticky one? &gt;&gt; Um, is this a sticky one? What does it say on it, Jackson? What is What does it say on it, Jackson? What is What does it say on it, Jackson? What is it? it? it? &gt;&gt; Alphabet the number spinners. &gt;&gt; Alphabet the number spinners. &gt;&gt; Alphabet the number spinners. &gt;&gt; Oh, alphabet number spinner. &gt;&gt; Oh, alphabet number spinner. &gt;&gt; Oh, alphabet number spinner. &gt;&gt; Oo, the &gt;&gt; Oo, the &gt;&gt; Oo, the &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; You want to do the Play-Doh? &gt;&gt; You want to do the Play-Doh? &gt;&gt; You want to do the Play-Doh? &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; open it. &gt;&gt; open it. &gt;&gt; open it. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's see. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's see. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's see. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; you know how I have my special necklace &gt;&gt; you know how I have my special necklace &gt;&gt; you know how I have my special necklace that says Jackson on it, but I never had that says Jackson on it, but I never had that says Jackson on it, but I never had a special neck necklace that said a special neck necklace that said a special neck necklace that said Oliver. Oliver. Oliver. &gt;&gt; So, look. What does that say? &gt;&gt; So, look. What does that say? &gt;&gt; So, look. What does that say? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's very cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's very cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's very cool. &gt;&gt; Should I do it? &gt;&gt; Should I do it? &gt;&gt; Should I do it? &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it yet. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it yet. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it yet. &gt;&gt; All right, so Tim is putting together &gt;&gt; All right, so Tim is putting together &gt;&gt; All right, so Tim is putting together the keyboard and the stand and the the keyboard and the stand and the the keyboard and the stand and the chair. chair. chair. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; here's the stand. Oh, is that the chair? &gt;&gt; here's the stand. Oh, is that the chair? &gt;&gt; here's the stand. Oh, is that the chair? &gt;&gt; This is the chair. &gt;&gt; This is the chair. &gt;&gt; This is the chair. &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; I did it. It's put together. &gt;&gt; I did it. It's put together. &gt;&gt; I did it. It's put together. &gt;&gt; Look at you. &gt;&gt; Look at you. &gt;&gt; Look at you. Ooh, buddy. The kids are playing their Ooh, buddy. The kids are playing their Ooh, buddy. The kids are playing their new games on their Switch and their new games on their Switch and their new games on their Switch and their &gt;&gt; You don't want to play the Switch? Okay, &gt;&gt; You don't want to play the Switch? Okay, &gt;&gt; You don't want to play the Switch? Okay, we have so many toys to play with, we have so many toys to play with, we have so many toys to play with, buddy. So, while Tim is setting that up buddy. So, while Tim is setting that up buddy. So, while Tim is setting that up and the kids are playing, I'm gonna make and the kids are playing, I'm gonna make and the kids are playing, I'm gonna make breakfast really quick. And then I want breakfast really quick. And then I want breakfast really quick. And then I want to get them outside so they can play to get them outside so they can play to get them outside so they can play with the mud kitchen because I don't with the mud kitchen because I don't with the mud kitchen because I don't think that Oliver understands what the think that Oliver understands what the think that Oliver understands what the mud kitchen is cuz it's inside, you mud kitchen is cuz it's inside, you mud kitchen is cuz it's inside, you know? So, I want to show them that. But, know? So, I want to show them that. But, know? So, I want to show them that. But, let's make some breakfast really fast. let's make some breakfast really fast. let's make some breakfast really fast. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jen started watching Elf over here. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jen started watching Elf over here. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jen started watching Elf over here. &gt;&gt; I'm making breakfast. Oh, okay. So, I &gt;&gt; I'm making breakfast. Oh, okay. So, I &gt;&gt; I'm making breakfast. Oh, okay. So, I got the bacon on the pan. got the bacon on the pan. got the bacon on the pan. &gt;&gt; Bacon on the pan. &gt;&gt; Bacon on the pan. &gt;&gt; Bacon on the pan. &gt;&gt; It's going to go in the oven. &gt;&gt; It's going to go in the oven. &gt;&gt; It's going to go in the oven. &gt;&gt; Some eggs getting ready to go in the pan &gt;&gt; Some eggs getting ready to go in the pan &gt;&gt; Some eggs getting ready to go in the pan with a little cheese. with a little cheese. with a little cheese. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's going to be good. I have &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's going to be good. I have &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's going to be good. I have some English muffins. I think I'm going some English muffins. I think I'm going some English muffins. I think I'm going to make a couple of those potatoes, too. to make a couple of those potatoes, too. to make a couple of those potatoes, too. &gt;&gt; Couple of potatoes. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Couple of potatoes. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Couple of potatoes. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Some fruit &gt;&gt; Some fruit &gt;&gt; Some fruit &gt;&gt; because we also have we have a big day. &gt;&gt; because we also have we have a big day. &gt;&gt; because we also have we have a big day. We're also going to make our gingerbread We're also going to make our gingerbread We're also going to make our gingerbread house. We're going to bake cookies. house. We're going to bake cookies. house. We're going to bake cookies. &gt;&gt; We're going to make like a bunch of food &gt;&gt; We're going to make like a bunch of food &gt;&gt; We're going to make like a bunch of food and appetizers. and appetizers. and appetizers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, get your stretchy pants on. &gt;&gt; So, get your stretchy pants on. &gt;&gt; So, get your stretchy pants on. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I got them on. Don't you &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I got them on. Don't you &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I got them on. Don't you worry. worry. worry. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. We didn't have matching &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. We didn't have matching &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. We didn't have matching pajamas this year. pajamas this year. pajamas this year. &gt;&gt; Well, it's okay because the kids had &gt;&gt; Well, it's okay because the kids had &gt;&gt; Well, it's okay because the kids had matching pajamas. matching pajamas. matching pajamas. &gt;&gt; They did. That's true. And you know &gt;&gt; They did. That's true. And you know &gt;&gt; They did. That's true. And you know what's funny? We have like This is the what's funny? We have like This is the what's funny? We have like This is the men's shirt. men's shirt. men's shirt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is your shirt. But &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is your shirt. But &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is your shirt. But &gt;&gt; because when we bought this, you bought &gt;&gt; because when we bought this, you bought &gt;&gt; because when we bought this, you bought a different shirt with it. You bought a a different shirt with it. You bought a a different shirt with it. You bought a sweatshirt with it. sweatshirt with it. sweatshirt with it. &gt;&gt; Well, I think um I was thinking we were &gt;&gt; Well, I think um I was thinking we were &gt;&gt; Well, I think um I was thinking we were going to take Christmas pictures and I going to take Christmas pictures and I going to take Christmas pictures and I wanted to have I didn't want all of us wanted to have I didn't want all of us wanted to have I didn't want all of us to be wearing the exact same thing. I to be wearing the exact same thing. I to be wearing the exact same thing. I wanted to have something like wanted to have something like wanted to have something like &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; to break the picture up and then we &gt;&gt; to break the picture up and then we &gt;&gt; to break the picture up and then we never took the picture because Oliver never took the picture because Oliver never took the picture because Oliver &gt;&gt; How old was Oliver? &gt;&gt; How old was Oliver? &gt;&gt; How old was Oliver? &gt;&gt; No, I think this those were just &gt;&gt; No, I think this those were just &gt;&gt; No, I think this those were just Jackson. Jackson. Jackson. &gt;&gt; Was that last year? No, I think it was &gt;&gt; Was that last year? No, I think it was &gt;&gt; Was that last year? No, I think it was last year. Also, here's Jackson's new last year. Also, here's Jackson's new last year. Also, here's Jackson's new piano here. It'll be fun to play. I'm piano here. It'll be fun to play. I'm piano here. It'll be fun to play. I'm gonna get him into piano lessons and gonna get him into piano lessons and gonna get him into piano lessons and everything. And right now, they're just everything. And right now, they're just everything. And right now, they're just playing games as it goes. playing games as it goes. playing games as it goes. &gt;&gt; All right, breakfast is ready. What are &gt;&gt; All right, breakfast is ready. What are &gt;&gt; All right, breakfast is ready. What are we eating? we eating? we eating? &gt;&gt; We got some eggs. What do you have? &gt;&gt; We got some eggs. What do you have? &gt;&gt; We got some eggs. What do you have? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; Bacon. We're watching The Muppets &gt;&gt; Bacon. We're watching The Muppets &gt;&gt; Bacon. We're watching The Muppets Christmas Carol in the living room. An Christmas Carol in the living room. An Christmas Carol in the living room. An elf in the kitchen. elf in the kitchen. elf in the kitchen. But we got some fruit, some But we got some fruit, some But we got some fruit, some blackberries, and blueberries, some blackberries, and blueberries, some blackberries, and blueberries, some potatoes, eggs, and bacon. I love this potatoes, eggs, and bacon. I love this potatoes, eggs, and bacon. I love this pan, by the way. pan, by the way. pan, by the way. &gt;&gt; It is so good. &gt;&gt; It is so good. &gt;&gt; It is so good. &gt;&gt; This is the bacon pan. It's from our &gt;&gt; This is the bacon pan. It's from our &gt;&gt; This is the bacon pan. It's from our place. Love it. place. Love it. place. Love it. &gt;&gt; I didn't like We've had it for a while &gt;&gt; I didn't like We've had it for a while &gt;&gt; I didn't like We've had it for a while and we haven't really used it, but like and we haven't really used it, but like and we haven't really used it, but like now now now &gt;&gt; now that we know that it's the bacon &gt;&gt; now that we know that it's the bacon &gt;&gt; now that we know that it's the bacon pan. pan. pan. &gt;&gt; Now we know that it's the bacon pan. &gt;&gt; Now we know that it's the bacon pan. &gt;&gt; Now we know that it's the bacon pan. &gt;&gt; And we used it for cookies, too, and it &gt;&gt; And we used it for cookies, too, and it &gt;&gt; And we used it for cookies, too, and it worked great. worked great. worked great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like Yeah, we'll do that later cuz we &gt;&gt; Like Yeah, we'll do that later cuz we &gt;&gt; Like Yeah, we'll do that later cuz we had to make cookies today. had to make cookies today. had to make cookies today. &gt;&gt; Just made cook or just made bacon in &gt;&gt; Just made cook or just made bacon in &gt;&gt; Just made cook or just made bacon in this and like all I did was wipe it out. this and like all I did was wipe it out. this and like all I did was wipe it out. I know I have to wipe it out more, but I know I have to wipe it out more, but I know I have to wipe it out more, but this is it. this is it. this is it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did [music] it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did [music] it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did [music] it. &gt;&gt; Like it's basically clean though. &gt;&gt; Like it's basically clean though. &gt;&gt; Like it's basically clean though. &gt;&gt; All right, so we've got our our &gt;&gt; All right, so we've got our our &gt;&gt; All right, so we've got our our breakfast here. Oh, I got to Oh, we have breakfast here. Oh, I got to Oh, we have breakfast here. Oh, I got to Oh, we have English muffins, too. I got to butter English muffins, too. I got to butter English muffins, too. I got to butter those. Got to butter those biscuits. those. Got to butter those biscuits. those. Got to butter those biscuits. Are you guys creating a new song? Are you guys creating a new song? Are you guys creating a new song? [music] [laughter] I love that they're playing [laughter] I love that they're playing [laughter] I love that they're playing together with their toys this [music] together with their toys this [music] together with their toys this [music] year. They're at an age where they can year. They're at an age where they can year. They're at an age where they can really play together with their toys, really play together with their toys, really play together with their toys, and I love that. We did do this Play-Doh and I love that. We did do this Play-Doh and I love that. We did do this Play-Doh set. Um, it was pretty fun. Wo! [music] set. Um, it was pretty fun. Wo! [music] set. Um, it was pretty fun. Wo! [music] &gt;&gt; What? I thought [laughter] &gt;&gt; What? I thought [laughter] &gt;&gt; What? I thought [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Um, this was pretty fun, though. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Um, this was pretty fun, though. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Um, this was pretty fun, though. We did uh cut some little Play-Doh wood We did uh cut some little Play-Doh wood We did uh cut some little Play-Doh wood and we made some little Play-Doh screws. and we made some little Play-Doh screws. and we made some little Play-Doh screws. We did also find out that Play-Doh We did also find out that Play-Doh We did also find out that Play-Doh sticks to paper bags. So, in case you sticks to paper bags. So, in case you sticks to paper bags. So, in case you were wondering, Tim and Jackson did the were wondering, Tim and Jackson did the were wondering, Tim and Jackson did the snap circuit. So, that was cool. snap circuit. So, that was cool. snap circuit. So, that was cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. And then the kids wanted to &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. And then the kids wanted to &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. And then the kids wanted to make some cookies. So, I'm going to get make some cookies. So, I'm going to get make some cookies. So, I'm going to get the cookie ingredients together and then the cookie ingredients together and then the cookie ingredients together and then we're going to make some cookies. So, we're going to make some cookies. So, we're going to make some cookies. So, let's do it. I'm also going to try to let's do it. I'm also going to try to let's do it. I'm also going to try to &gt;&gt; cookies. &gt;&gt; cookies. &gt;&gt; cookies. &gt;&gt; What did you say, bud? &gt;&gt; What did you say, bud? &gt;&gt; What did you say, bud? &gt;&gt; Let's make the cookies. &gt;&gt; Let's make the cookies. &gt;&gt; Let's make the cookies. &gt;&gt; Let's make the cookies. Yeah, I'm &gt;&gt; Let's make the cookies. Yeah, I'm &gt;&gt; Let's make the cookies. Yeah, I'm getting everything together right now. I getting everything together right now. I getting everything together right now. I just have to get all the ingredients just have to get all the ingredients just have to get all the ingredients together. Okay. together. Okay. together. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then you still have your your &gt;&gt; And then you still have your your &gt;&gt; And then you still have your your slippers on. slippers on. slippers on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; now I want um I'm putting down &gt;&gt; now I want um I'm putting down &gt;&gt; now I want um I'm putting down &gt;&gt; Oh, I just got regular chocolate chip &gt;&gt; Oh, I just got regular chocolate chip &gt;&gt; Oh, I just got regular chocolate chip cookies. But And those will be really cookies. But And those will be really cookies. But And those will be really yummy. yummy. yummy. &gt;&gt; Are you galloping? &gt;&gt; Are you galloping? &gt;&gt; Are you galloping? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I love [laughter] it. &gt;&gt; I love [laughter] it. &gt;&gt; I love [laughter] it. &gt;&gt; Okay, let me get everything together. &gt;&gt; Okay, let me get everything together. &gt;&gt; Okay, let me get everything together. Give me one second. All right. Can you Give me one second. All right. Can you Give me one second. All right. Can you dump this one in? No. No. dump this one in? No. No. dump this one in? No. No. &gt;&gt; Cookies, &gt;&gt; Cookies, &gt;&gt; Cookies, &gt;&gt; Oliver. No. Can you put it in? Dump it &gt;&gt; Oliver. No. Can you put it in? Dump it &gt;&gt; Oliver. No. Can you put it in? Dump it in. in. in. &gt;&gt; Dump the whole thing in. &gt;&gt; Dump the whole thing in. &gt;&gt; Dump the whole thing in. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Yes, you can. But first, we need to get &gt;&gt; Yes, you can. But first, we need to get &gt;&gt; Yes, you can. But first, we need to get our cookies in the oven. our cookies in the oven. our cookies in the oven. &gt;&gt; And we need to mix this up. &gt;&gt; And we need to mix this up. &gt;&gt; And we need to mix this up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. Will you mix it? So, &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. Will you mix it? So, &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. Will you mix it? So, I'm going to make half the cookies with I'm going to make half the cookies with I'm going to make half the cookies with pistachio. So, I have some finely ground pistachio. So, I have some finely ground pistachio. So, I have some finely ground pistachio here. And the other half is pistachio here. And the other half is pistachio here. And the other half is just going to be chocolate chips. just going to be chocolate chips. just going to be chocolate chips. &gt;&gt; But this is just the recipe on the back &gt;&gt; But this is just the recipe on the back &gt;&gt; But this is just the recipe on the back of the of the of the &gt;&gt; This is Toll House cookies. Literally &gt;&gt; This is Toll House cookies. Literally &gt;&gt; This is Toll House cookies. Literally like the toll house recipe is on the like the toll house recipe is on the like the toll house recipe is on the back. back. back. &gt;&gt; You want more? &gt;&gt; You want more? &gt;&gt; You want more? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You have one more. Okay. Because we do &gt;&gt; You have one more. Okay. Because we do &gt;&gt; You have one more. Okay. Because we do have to take a nap. have to take a nap. have to take a nap. &gt;&gt; A Christmas nap. &gt;&gt; A Christmas nap. &gt;&gt; A Christmas nap. &gt;&gt; All right. We're waiting for our cookies &gt;&gt; All right. We're waiting for our cookies &gt;&gt; All right. We're waiting for our cookies to be to bake. They are Oh, yeah. Look to be to bake. They are Oh, yeah. Look to be to bake. They are Oh, yeah. Look at those guys. They look delicious. at those guys. They look delicious. at those guys. They look delicious. But we're having our sandwiches for But we're having our sandwiches for But we're having our sandwiches for lunch and watching some Bluey on the lunch and watching some Bluey on the lunch and watching some Bluey on the kitchen TV. kitchen TV. kitchen TV. &gt;&gt; These are the nap time. &gt;&gt; These are the nap time. &gt;&gt; These are the nap time. &gt;&gt; Almost nap time. Yep. These are the ones &gt;&gt; Almost nap time. Yep. These are the ones &gt;&gt; Almost nap time. Yep. These are the ones with the pistachio. So, these are going with the pistachio. So, these are going with the pistachio. So, these are going to be chocolate chip pistachio with a to be chocolate chip pistachio with a to be chocolate chip pistachio with a little flaky salt because I Tim I don't little flaky salt because I Tim I don't little flaky salt because I Tim I don't know if I told you. I don't think I did, know if I told you. I don't think I did, know if I told you. I don't think I did, but I was trying so hard to find flaky but I was trying so hard to find flaky but I was trying so hard to find flaky salt and Tim found it for me. So, there salt and Tim found it for me. So, there salt and Tim found it for me. So, there it is. it is. it is. &gt;&gt; It's from the Malden Sea in England. &gt;&gt; It's from the Malden Sea in England. &gt;&gt; It's from the Malden Sea in England. Fancy. Fancy. Fancy. &gt;&gt; What makes it like Why the Molden Sea? &gt;&gt; What makes it like Why the Molden Sea? &gt;&gt; What makes it like Why the Molden Sea? &gt;&gt; No, no clue. &gt;&gt; No, no clue. &gt;&gt; No, no clue. &gt;&gt; How come they have flaky salt? Why don't &gt;&gt; How come they have flaky salt? Why don't &gt;&gt; How come they have flaky salt? Why don't I have flaky salt in my Pacific Ocean? I have flaky salt in my Pacific Ocean? I have flaky salt in my Pacific Ocean? [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; We We live by the Atlantic Ocean &gt;&gt; We We live by the Atlantic Ocean &gt;&gt; We We live by the Atlantic Ocean &gt;&gt; in the Gulf of Mexico. &gt;&gt; in the Gulf of Mexico. &gt;&gt; in the Gulf of Mexico. &gt;&gt; I don't know. That's a question for the &gt;&gt; I don't know. That's a question for the &gt;&gt; I don't know. That's a question for the internet. I think internet. I think internet. I think &gt;&gt; in the Caribbean Sea. [laughter] &gt;&gt; in the Caribbean Sea. [laughter] &gt;&gt; in the Caribbean Sea. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Now, it's a little bit later. We had &gt;&gt; Now, it's a little bit later. We had &gt;&gt; Now, it's a little bit later. We had some cookies. They turned out very good. some cookies. They turned out very good. some cookies. They turned out very good. I've got my pistachio, the ones with I've got my pistachio, the ones with I've got my pistachio, the ones with pistachios in the oven right now. pistachios in the oven right now. pistachios in the oven right now. They're cooking. So, I thought it might They're cooking. So, I thought it might They're cooking. So, I thought it might be a good time. Tim took Oliver upstairs be a good time. Tim took Oliver upstairs be a good time. Tim took Oliver upstairs to uh start his nap. So, I was checking to uh start his nap. So, I was checking to uh start his nap. So, I was checking on my other cookies. But, I'm going to on my other cookies. But, I'm going to on my other cookies. But, I'm going to make a whipped feta dip as just like a make a whipped feta dip as just like a make a whipped feta dip as just like a little appetizer to kind of munch on. little appetizer to kind of munch on. little appetizer to kind of munch on. So, I have everything out for that. I So, I have everything out for that. I So, I have everything out for that. I have my feta, my cream cheese. I've have my feta, my cream cheese. I've have my feta, my cream cheese. I've already chopped some pistachios um for already chopped some pistachios um for already chopped some pistachios um for the cookies. So, I'm just going to use the cookies. So, I'm just going to use the cookies. So, I'm just going to use what I have left over. Some crains, what I have left over. Some crains, what I have left over. Some crains, olive oil, and honey. And I'm just going olive oil, and honey. And I'm just going olive oil, and honey. And I'm just going to mix it all in here. Actually, I'm to mix it all in here. Actually, I'm to mix it all in here. Actually, I'm going to mix the feta and the cream going to mix the feta and the cream going to mix the feta and the cream cheese. Whip it in this bowl. And then cheese. Whip it in this bowl. And then cheese. Whip it in this bowl. And then I'm going to top it with the pistachios, I'm going to top it with the pistachios, I'm going to top it with the pistachios, craisins, olive oil, and honey. So, craisins, olive oil, and honey. So, craisins, olive oil, and honey. So, that'll be my little whipped dip. I'll that'll be my little whipped dip. I'll that'll be my little whipped dip. I'll show it to you in just a second. show it to you in just a second. show it to you in just a second. &gt;&gt; Somebody made feta dip while I was &gt;&gt; Somebody made feta dip while I was &gt;&gt; Somebody made feta dip while I was upstairs. upstairs. upstairs. &gt;&gt; I didn't show you guys, but I already &gt;&gt; I didn't show you guys, but I already &gt;&gt; I didn't show you guys, but I already took a little bite, but I want Tim to took a little bite, but I want Tim to took a little bite, but I want Tim to take a bite. Try it. See what you think. take a bite. Try it. See what you think. take a bite. Try it. See what you think. &gt;&gt; I feel like a lumberjack today. I don't &gt;&gt; I feel like a lumberjack today. I don't &gt;&gt; I feel like a lumberjack today. I don't know. know. know. &gt;&gt; Do I look like a lumberjack? &gt;&gt; Do I look like a lumberjack? &gt;&gt; Do I look like a lumberjack? &gt;&gt; That's pretty good, &gt;&gt; That's pretty good, &gt;&gt; That's pretty good, &gt;&gt; isn't it? &gt;&gt; isn't it? &gt;&gt; isn't it? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; I was like, it'll probably be okay. But &gt;&gt; I was like, it'll probably be okay. But &gt;&gt; I was like, it'll probably be okay. But like, it's delicious. like, it's delicious. like, it's delicious. &gt;&gt; I'm going to link the recipe down below. &gt;&gt; I'm going to link the recipe down below. &gt;&gt; I'm going to link the recipe down below. They didn't like they gave me the They didn't like they gave me the They didn't like they gave me the ingredients, but they didn't really tell ingredients, but they didn't really tell ingredients, but they didn't really tell me how to make it, so I kind of had to me how to make it, so I kind of had to me how to make it, so I kind of had to &gt;&gt; just wing it. &gt;&gt; just wing it. &gt;&gt; just wing it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; I think I figured it out. &gt;&gt; I think I figured it out. &gt;&gt; I think I figured it out. &gt;&gt; I think you [clears throat] hit the nail &gt;&gt; I think you [clears throat] hit the nail &gt;&gt; I think you [clears throat] hit the nail on the head. on the head. on the head. &gt;&gt; So, this was something that Santa &gt;&gt; So, this was something that Santa &gt;&gt; So, this was something that Santa brought us. It's kind of like Beyblades brought us. It's kind of like Beyblades brought us. It's kind of like Beyblades but with markers. You put the marker in but with markers. You put the marker in but with markers. You put the marker in this thing and then you use this kind of this thing and then you use this kind of this thing and then you use this kind of contraption here to contraption here to contraption here to &gt;&gt; Dad &gt;&gt; Dad &gt;&gt; Dad &gt;&gt; to launch it. &gt;&gt; to launch it. &gt;&gt; to launch it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll help you, buddy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll help you, buddy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll help you, buddy. &gt;&gt; I keep trying. &gt;&gt; I keep trying. &gt;&gt; I keep trying. &gt;&gt; So, you kind of have this contraption, &gt;&gt; So, you kind of have this contraption, &gt;&gt; So, you kind of have this contraption, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it, Dad. &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it, Dad. &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it, Dad. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. You ready? 3 2 1 go. And &gt;&gt; Let's do it. You ready? 3 2 1 go. And &gt;&gt; Let's do it. You ready? 3 2 1 go. And then you can launch them in there like then you can launch them in there like then you can launch them in there like that. And then they make cool like that. And then they make cool like that. And then they make cool like designs underneath them. designs underneath them. designs underneath them. &gt;&gt; Look at mine. I'm throwing in your dot. &gt;&gt; Look at mine. I'm throwing in your dot. &gt;&gt; Look at mine. I'm throwing in your dot. Oh, look at mine. Oh, look at mine. Oh, look at mine. &gt;&gt; And then they might battle. Whoa. Look &gt;&gt; And then they might battle. Whoa. Look &gt;&gt; And then they might battle. Whoa. Look at him go. at him go. at him go. &gt;&gt; I got to admit, it makes like less of a &gt;&gt; I got to admit, it makes like less of a &gt;&gt; I got to admit, it makes like less of a wild design than I thought it would. wild design than I thought it would. wild design than I thought it would. &gt;&gt; It looks cool, buddy. &gt;&gt; It looks cool, buddy. &gt;&gt; It looks cool, buddy. &gt;&gt; Now, look there. &gt;&gt; Now, look there. &gt;&gt; Now, look there. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Holy cow. How did it do &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Holy cow. How did it do &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Holy cow. How did it do that? that? that? &gt;&gt; It was just going &gt;&gt; It was just going &gt;&gt; It was just going &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; It's falling down and then when I took &gt;&gt; It's falling down and then when I took &gt;&gt; It's falling down and then when I took it off, it did that. it off, it did that. it off, it did that. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, so I made some puff pastry with &gt;&gt; Okay, so I made some puff pastry with &gt;&gt; Okay, so I made some puff pastry with brie cranberry sauce, a little brie cranberry sauce, a little brie cranberry sauce, a little pistachio. I'm going to put this in the pistachio. I'm going to put this in the pistachio. I'm going to put this in the oven right now. It's going to cook for oven right now. It's going to cook for oven right now. It's going to cook for like 15 minutes. I'll show you what it like 15 minutes. I'll show you what it like 15 minutes. I'll show you what it looks like in just a second. looks like in just a second. looks like in just a second. &gt;&gt; Jen made these bree bites. It's like a &gt;&gt; Jen made these bree bites. It's like a &gt;&gt; Jen made these bree bites. It's like a puff pastry with brie and honey and puff pastry with brie and honey and puff pastry with brie and honey and cranberry sauce and pistachios. cranberry sauce and pistachios. cranberry sauce and pistachios. &gt;&gt; I didn't put the honey. &gt;&gt; I didn't put the honey. &gt;&gt; I didn't put the honey. &gt;&gt; You didn't put the honey? &gt;&gt; You didn't put the honey? &gt;&gt; You didn't put the honey? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, what's &gt;&gt; Oh, what's &gt;&gt; Oh, what's &gt;&gt; I probably should have. &gt;&gt; I probably should have. &gt;&gt; I probably should have. &gt;&gt; Flaky salt. &gt;&gt; Flaky salt. &gt;&gt; Flaky salt. &gt;&gt; Flaky salt. That's all that we need. &gt;&gt; Flaky salt. That's all that we need. &gt;&gt; Flaky salt. That's all that we need. Everything has flaky salt [laughter] on Everything has flaky salt [laughter] on Everything has flaky salt [laughter] on it today. it today. it today. &gt;&gt; Um, okay. I just made these peppers. &gt;&gt; Um, okay. I just made these peppers. &gt;&gt; Um, okay. I just made these peppers. These goat cheese stuffed peppers. And These goat cheese stuffed peppers. And These goat cheese stuffed peppers. And it's got some balsamic and honey and a it's got some balsamic and honey and a it's got some balsamic and honey and a little black pepper. We're just having a little black pepper. We're just having a little black pepper. We're just having a cheesy holiday for sure. Too much cheesy holiday for sure. Too much cheesy holiday for sure. Too much cheese. cheese. cheese. &gt;&gt; I'm making macaroni and cheese. &gt;&gt; I'm making macaroni and cheese. &gt;&gt; I'm making macaroni and cheese. &gt;&gt; I know. I'm like I literally was like h &gt;&gt; I know. I'm like I literally was like h &gt;&gt; I know. I'm like I literally was like h I didn't realize everything had cheese I didn't realize everything had cheese I didn't realize everything had cheese until right now. Let me see these kids. until right now. Let me see these kids. until right now. Let me see these kids. Oh, what are you doing? Are you making a Oh, what are you doing? Are you making a Oh, what are you doing? Are you making a a gingerbread a classic gingerbread a gingerbread a classic gingerbread a gingerbread a classic gingerbread house? house? house? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're just eating the candy. So &gt;&gt; Oh, you're just eating the candy. So &gt;&gt; Oh, you're just eating the candy. So Oliver had his nap today, which was Oliver had his nap today, which was Oliver had his nap today, which was great. Let me Let me see. Ooh, it's just great. Let me Let me see. Ooh, it's just great. Let me Let me see. Ooh, it's just goo and candy. goo and candy. goo and candy. &gt;&gt; Candy in there. &gt;&gt; Candy in there. &gt;&gt; Candy in there. &gt;&gt; A secret hidden candy. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; A secret hidden candy. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; A secret hidden candy. Oh my goodness. So, it looks a little different than the So, it looks a little different than the So, it looks a little different than the picture, but I still I like it. Creative picture, but I still I like it. Creative picture, but I still I like it. Creative uh liberties they took. Okay, dinner's uh liberties they took. Okay, dinner's uh liberties they took. Okay, dinner's finally done. We have potatoes, steak, finally done. We have potatoes, steak, finally done. We have potatoes, steak, broccoli, corn pudding, macaroni and broccoli, corn pudding, macaroni and broccoli, corn pudding, macaroni and cheese. What do you guys have? cheese. What do you guys have? cheese. What do you guys have? &gt;&gt; Macaroni and cheese. &gt;&gt; Macaroni and cheese. &gt;&gt; Macaroni and cheese. &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; Strawberries. &gt;&gt; Strawberries. &gt;&gt; Strawberries. &gt;&gt; What do you have? What are you drawing? &gt;&gt; What do you have? What are you drawing? &gt;&gt; What do you have? What are you drawing? &gt;&gt; I'm drawing a battle. &gt;&gt; I'm drawing a battle. &gt;&gt; I'm drawing a battle. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're drawing a battle. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're drawing a battle. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're drawing a battle. &gt;&gt; Pokemon action. &gt;&gt; Pokemon action. &gt;&gt; Pokemon action. &gt;&gt; Oh, you are. Okay, we are all done with &gt;&gt; Oh, you are. Okay, we are all done with &gt;&gt; Oh, you are. Okay, we are all done with dinner. Dinner was delicious. And now dinner. Dinner was delicious. And now dinner. Dinner was delicious. And now we're headed out on the golf cart. My we're headed out on the golf cart. My we're headed out on the golf cart. My sister's here, so I wanted to show her sister's here, so I wanted to show her sister's here, so I wanted to show her like around the neighborhood, the little like around the neighborhood, the little like around the neighborhood, the little Christmas lights. So, we're going to do Christmas lights. So, we're going to do Christmas lights. So, we're going to do that tonight. It's going to be a lot of that tonight. It's going to be a lot of that tonight. It's going to be a lot of fun. fun. fun. &gt;&gt; All right, it's a few days later and we &gt;&gt; All right, it's a few days later and we &gt;&gt; All right, it's a few days later and we did end up going out on the golf cart. did end up going out on the golf cart. did end up going out on the golf cart. We just kind of like ended the night We just kind of like ended the night We just kind of like ended the night spending our time together as a family. spending our time together as a family. spending our time together as a family. It was fun because my we haven't taken It was fun because my we haven't taken It was fun because my we haven't taken my sister out on the golf cart yet so my sister out on the golf cart yet so my sister out on the golf cart yet so she got to see the lights around the she got to see the lights around the she got to see the lights around the neighborhood and she got to see like the neighborhood and she got to see like the neighborhood and she got to see like the kids enjoying the lights and um because kids enjoying the lights and um because kids enjoying the lights and um because it was Christmas night everybody like it was Christmas night everybody like it was Christmas night everybody like everybody had their lights on so it was everybody had their lights on so it was everybody had their lights on so it was really beautiful and it was a great way really beautiful and it was a great way really beautiful and it was a great way to end the night. to end the night. to end the night. &gt;&gt; We even heard some people like blasting &gt;&gt; We even heard some people like blasting &gt;&gt; We even heard some people like blasting some Christmas music out in like their some Christmas music out in like their some Christmas music out in like their back porches. back porches. back porches. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Which was fun. &gt;&gt; Which was fun. &gt;&gt; Which was fun. &gt;&gt; They're having a Christmas rave. &gt;&gt; They're having a Christmas rave. &gt;&gt; They're having a Christmas rave. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So um yeah, it was a great way to end &gt;&gt; So um yeah, it was a great way to end &gt;&gt; So um yeah, it was a great way to end the night. But we just wanted to say the night. But we just wanted to say the night. But we just wanted to say thank you for spending a cozy Christmas thank you for spending a cozy Christmas thank you for spending a cozy Christmas with us and we just kind of hung out at with us and we just kind of hung out at with us and we just kind of hung out at home and um you know cooked a bunch of home and um you know cooked a bunch of home and um you know cooked a bunch of food and it was a lot of cheese. food and it was a lot of cheese. food and it was a lot of cheese. &gt;&gt; It was I know I didn't &gt;&gt; It was I know I didn't &gt;&gt; It was I know I didn't &gt;&gt; I didn't realize how much cheese I had &gt;&gt; I didn't realize how much cheese I had &gt;&gt; I didn't realize how much cheese I had on the menu but everything was really on the menu but everything was really on the menu but everything was really good and the kids had a lot of fun. They good and the kids had a lot of fun. They good and the kids had a lot of fun. They really enjoyed their gifts and um they really enjoyed their gifts and um they really enjoyed their gifts and um they actually have used the mud kitchen. I actually have used the mud kitchen. I actually have used the mud kitchen. I know I said in this video oh we'll show know I said in this video oh we'll show know I said in this video oh we'll show you guys the mud kitchen. So they have you guys the mud kitchen. So they have you guys the mud kitchen. So they have used it. I'm going to put a little video used it. I'm going to put a little video used it. I'm going to put a little video in here of them using it. They love it. in here of them using it. They love it. in here of them using it. They love it. They get so covered with mud. It's a lot They get so covered with mud. It's a lot They get so covered with mud. It's a lot of fun. And um yeah, I think it was a of fun. And um yeah, I think it was a of fun. And um yeah, I think it was a great gift really for both of them. But great gift really for both of them. But great gift really for both of them. But um Oliver loves it especially. So um Oliver loves it especially. So um Oliver loves it especially. So &gt;&gt; Jackson loved his Beyblades from Santa. &gt;&gt; Jackson loved his Beyblades from Santa. &gt;&gt; Jackson loved his Beyblades from Santa. He kept asking. That's all he wanted was He kept asking. That's all he wanted was He kept asking. That's all he wanted was Beyblades. So thankfully Santa was able Beyblades. So thankfully Santa was able Beyblades. So thankfully Santa was able to find him something that was more in to find him something that was more in to find him something that was more in his age range cuz I kept telling him I his age range cuz I kept telling him I his age range cuz I kept telling him I was like I don't know if Santa's going was like I don't know if Santa's going was like I don't know if Santa's going to give you Beyblades are for eight and to give you Beyblades are for eight and to give you Beyblades are for eight and up, buddy. So, I don't know how that up, buddy. So, I don't know how that up, buddy. So, I don't know how that works, but maybe he'll find something. works, but maybe he'll find something. works, but maybe he'll find something. &gt;&gt; And also, I do want to give you guys &gt;&gt; And also, I do want to give you guys &gt;&gt; And also, I do want to give you guys like a little bit of a heads up if you like a little bit of a heads up if you like a little bit of a heads up if you guys are have these or like saw that in guys are have these or like saw that in guys are have these or like saw that in this video and we're like, "Oh, that's a this video and we're like, "Oh, that's a this video and we're like, "Oh, that's a cool thing. I want to get that for my cool thing. I want to get that for my cool thing. I want to get that for my kids." kids." kids." &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; The like the the the whirls, the the &gt;&gt; The like the the the whirls, the the &gt;&gt; The like the the the whirls, the the Crayola marker. Crayola marker. Crayola marker. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the Crayola Beyblade things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the Crayola Beyblade things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the Crayola Beyblade things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh when they battle each other, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh when they battle each other, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh when they battle each other, they do shoot out of that little they do shoot out of that little they do shoot out of that little container. And if you don't have container. And if you don't have container. And if you don't have something down, they will put marker all something down, they will put marker all something down, they will put marker all over your tile and or rugs. over your tile and or rugs. over your tile and or rugs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It is around the house. They're &gt;&gt; Yeah. It is around the house. They're &gt;&gt; Yeah. It is around the house. They're kind of messy, but the Crayola markers kind of messy, but the Crayola markers kind of messy, but the Crayola markers are washable, thankfully. So, are washable, thankfully. So, are washable, thankfully. So, &gt;&gt; I like it. These are labeled super &gt;&gt; I like it. These are labeled super &gt;&gt; I like it. These are labeled super washable. washable. washable. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; So, I don't know what that means. &gt;&gt; So, I don't know what that means. &gt;&gt; So, I don't know what that means. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jackson's been using his piano as &gt;&gt; Oh, Jackson's been using his piano as &gt;&gt; Oh, Jackson's been using his piano as well, so that's been really cool to see well, so that's been really cool to see well, so that's been really cool to see him. He like knows some of the notes him. He like knows some of the notes him. He like knows some of the notes now. now. now. &gt;&gt; It's really interesting because we had &gt;&gt; It's really interesting because we had &gt;&gt; It's really interesting because we had him in a music class at school and they him in a music class at school and they him in a music class at school and they taught him his do rese. And so I'm like, taught him his do rese. And so I'm like, taught him his do rese. And so I'm like, "Okay, find me an A on the piano and he "Okay, find me an A on the piano and he "Okay, find me an A on the piano and he goes do me and he gets up to the A." But goes do me and he gets up to the A." But goes do me and he gets up to the A." But he calls it by the dome name. he calls it by the dome name. he calls it by the dome name. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is funny to me. &gt;&gt; Which is funny to me. &gt;&gt; Which is funny to me. &gt;&gt; He I mean, that's how kids learn. &gt;&gt; He I mean, that's how kids learn. &gt;&gt; He I mean, that's how kids learn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, he's very excited about the um &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, he's very excited about the um &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, he's very excited about the um the music, like learning the music. So, the music, like learning the music. So, the music, like learning the music. So, that's been really fun to watch. And that's been really fun to watch. And that's been really fun to watch. And Oliver has been really excited because Oliver has been really excited because Oliver has been really excited because Jackson's excited. So, that's been Jackson's excited. So, that's been Jackson's excited. So, that's been really fun to watch. Um but it was just really fun to watch. Um but it was just really fun to watch. Um but it was just all around it was just like a really all around it was just like a really all around it was just like a really great day. And um it was a nice way to great day. And um it was a nice way to great day. And um it was a nice way to spend the day. You know, it's been it's spend the day. You know, it's been it's spend the day. You know, it's been it's been a hard holiday season all around. been a hard holiday season all around. been a hard holiday season all around. And um it was just nice to to have that And um it was just nice to to have that And um it was just nice to to have that like joy with them. The kids are so full like joy with them. The kids are so full like joy with them. The kids are so full of happiness. And um I don't know, it of happiness. And um I don't know, it of happiness. And um I don't know, it just it made for like a really great day just it made for like a really great day just it made for like a really great day just to see them be so happy about all just to see them be so happy about all just to see them be so happy about all of their toys and um being together and of their toys and um being together and of their toys and um being together and playing together. I love that they're playing together. I love that they're playing together. I love that they're playing together. My sister was here. playing together. My sister was here. playing together. My sister was here. That was really great. We ended up That was really great. We ended up That was really great. We ended up cooking the dinner together. So, that cooking the dinner together. So, that cooking the dinner together. So, that was a lot of fun and it was Yeah, it was was a lot of fun and it was Yeah, it was was a lot of fun and it was Yeah, it was just a great day. I had I had a really just a great day. I had I had a really just a great day. I had I had a really great day. great day. great day. &gt;&gt; So, we hope you guys had a fantastic &gt;&gt; So, we hope you guys had a fantastic &gt;&gt; So, we hope you guys had a fantastic holiday season. I know the holidays holiday season. I know the holidays holiday season. I know the holidays aren't exactly all the way over, but I aren't exactly all the way over, but I aren't exactly all the way over, but I still wish you all a fantastic holiday still wish you all a fantastic holiday still wish you all a fantastic holiday season. And thank you guys for following season. And thank you guys for following season. And thank you guys for following along and like joining us with our along and like joining us with our along and like joining us with our Christmas day. Christmas day. Christmas day. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a lot of fun. So, all in &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a lot of fun. So, all in &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a lot of fun. So, all in all, a fantastic day. And with that all, a fantastic day. And with that all, a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you being said, we are off. We'll see you being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
