---
video_id: HYjeMDYK1U0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Looking Inside My Eyeball, Shopping For Special Holiday Ornaments & Dinner At Our Favorite Place!"
published: 2025-12-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYjeMDYK1U0
---
Okay. Happy Monday. Monday. It's Monday. Monday. Yes. And let me tell you, it is a Monday. Monday. It's a Monday. The Monday is Monday. It is Monday. So, it is about dinner time. We I meant I meant to start this vlog a lot earlier than dinner time, but um you know, it's just a Monday. The day got away from me. We're headed to the store right now because we need to get So, tomorrow is Jackson's little birthday celebration at school and we were going to bring some like mini cupcakes or mini muffins or he said maybe mini donuts. So, we're going to go get some of those for his birthday celebration tomorrow at school. He his birthday was during the fall break. So, we had to wait to do his celebration at school until after the fall break, which is why we're doing it in December. But, we are uh going to go to the store. Oliver, what are you doing? I'm eating pepper. You're eating pepperonis. What kind of pepperonis? These ones. These ones? Yeah. They're um turkey ones. They're turkey ones. Yum. So, yeah. So, we're going to head to the store. Elf. They are elves. Oh, you should. We should watch Elf, though, buddy. It's like PG-13. Maybe Elf is PG-13. Steal that. Did you guys know that? Do you remember what what the '9s were like? It wasn't a '90s movie. It wasn't. When did it come out? I think it came out in the 2000s. When did Elf come out? Elf was released on November 7th, 2003. 2003. 2003. Do you remember what 2003 was like? I do. Okay. So, maybe we won't watch Elf, but um we did pick the movie for our Patreon, our movie watch party. So, um that's exciting. It's a Christmas movie because it's December. I'm going to dress up. Are you I thought we were both dressing up. All right, let's get in the car. We're in the car. What? We play Pokemon every day. We play Pokemon Go. Who remembers from the pandemic when everybody was like really into Pokémon Go. So, we're we're all very much into Pokémon Go right now. Jackson's like obsessed with Pokémon. But who remembers peak 2020? This song. I play Pokemon Go every day. I play Pokemon Go. Remember that song? I play Pokemon Go every day. I play Poke. Also, who knows all the words to the Poke Rap? Oh, yeah. Sing them. Sing it in the comments if you know all the words to the Poke. I'm just going to copy and paste poker wrap into the comments. Do you know it? No, the Poke Rap. He knows some of it, I think. Here we go. Oh, okay. Can I get a cookie? Um, we're going to Let's talk to Daddy about that. Okay. We're having a hard time deciding what we want to get. No, I want to get a cookie. A cookie. Yeah. So, he originally picked these, which are like little celebration donuts. Those are for me back there. But I have some. A cookie. Yeah. Let me So, wait. What did we decide? Oh, look. They have. If you look at it like this, does it look like Sneaky? Snoopy. What are you calling? Who's this, Oliver? Who's this? Snoopy. Who's this dog? Who's this? That dog right there. Snoopy. Snoopy. Snoopy. You forgot Snoopy. Woodnocks. Woodstocks down there. But Woodstocks. Woods. Woodstock. They all look a little silly. What are you holding, buddy? Hammer on cheese. You love your cheese. It reminds me of that kid who I ate all. You did? We didn't even pay for it yet. Okay, we're by the We have the Mario one at home already, bud. I have to hold it. You want to hold it? But wait, look. Look at Glenda. What happened to Glenda? She looks like she's seen some things. Glenda, what what' they do to you? I like the dress, though. There's a lot of Harry Potter ones. There's just one that's just macaroni and cheese. Oh, yeah. Mac and cheese box. So, like, did Hallmark not get the actual rights to like Ariel? But like some of them look correct. Like Jack Skellington and Sally look right and Groot looks right. Brown. But like what happened with Ariel? What's going on with her? I don't know if he looks like um like what's that that do the line. Say it. It's It's clobbering time. It reminds me of that foam. That expanding foam. Oh, like spray foam. Expanding foam, man. Oh, yeah. That's right. Kids, you can't buy this unless you're 17 years old. Christmas ornaments are for adults only. So, we found these. We found a Pokemon ornament. Only one left. It's a Pokéball with a Pikachu on top. So, that was like made for Jackson. And then Oliver, they didn't really have one for Oliver, but he did pick this one out. And it's an axelottle from Minecraft. So, there you go. So, originally I wanted these special ornaments that they picked out to be part of their stocking stuffers, but we kind of we messed up a little bit because they found them in the store and daddy said that they could have them. So, now we can't they have I can't put them in the stocking now. But you that was one of your guys' ideas. I asked you guys for stocking stuffer ideas and that was a great idea, but um my plan was thwarted. Sorry, I didn't you didn't inform me of the plans. I don't know. Maybe we'll find another one that'll be like another one we can get them. Here's this stuff. I can't fit in my Oliver, do you want to find a spot for your ornament? It has to go on the tree, not right here. Let's find a spot on the tree. And then Jackson, show me where you put yours. You want to put it in front of that one? Is that good? They look cool. You want to find a branch with nothing on it? Try maybe this one, buddy. Try this one. I think that one would be harder. You want me to help you, bud? I got Can I put this on a different one? Yeah. Well, hang here. Look, look, look. You see this? It goes around the do. Okay, go ahead. There you go. We're back home. We put our ornaments on the tree. But right now, I'm going to make some tacos. We just bought the old Al Paso kit for the hard and soft tacos. I'm heating up the meat right now. This is from our This is not an ad. This is from our Butcher Box thing, though. And the meat from Butcher Box is great. So, love that. So, I'm going to make some ground beef. Cut up some lettuce. Got our salsa, our little mild salsa. I'm going to make some sour cream and mix it with a little lime juice, cheese. And that's really all that we eat on our tacos. Or the kids kids really, that's all they really eat on their tacos. But I wish we had I wish I had bought stuff for like guac. That would have been good. next time. So, I'm gonna make the meat right now. Okay, we're you're doing your Pokemon game. This was actually a big hit, this thing. But, we're eating our tacos now. We're doing kind of like a make your own taco station. Big advocate of tacos here for kids. Kids love tacos. Right, buddy? Let me help you. Okay. I like to make mine a hard and soft taco. So, there's a hard shell and then a soft shell around it. What are you doing, buddy? We found You're just eating a hard shell. What are you doing, bud? Who are you trying to catch right now? A who? Near the king. What are you doing? You're making the same thing as you. Oh. Oh, that's what I said. You influenced me. Oh yeah. I'm an in You've been influenced. This is very good though. I definitely recommend like if you are tired, you don't want to make dinner, this takes almost no time. It's pretty inexpensive and some of the stuff you probably already have in your fridge. I love that. And if you don't have taco seasoning, you can probably make it with the stuff in your pantry or like in your spice cabinet. So, I don't know. Big fan. And if you don't have taco shells, you can just make a taco salad. To the left. Oh, yeah. I think like a taco salad. It's moving away. And they're pretty filling, too. So, okay. It's now my favorite part of the night when we get on the golf cart and we go look at Christmas decorations. So, I am got on my hoodie, but we're going to go get on the golf cart now. Is that Justin Bieber? Is that Justin Bieber? Okay. You're going to sit with mommy in the back? Okay. Well, I'm going to I'm going to show everybody the Christmas light. I know. We're all green. Daddy put the green lights on. Oh, I see some lights. You see some lights over here? So, we're going to check out some more Christmas lights tonight. We saw some Who did we see? Who's your favorite? Um, Bumble. Yeah, we saw Bumble. Who else did we see? So sneaky. Yeah. Did he fall over? Yeah. Let me show you the lights. We um saw a Grinch. You saw What was the Grinch doing? He um was holding the um Christmas lights. He was trying to take their lights down. I like this one. Oh yeah, this one's beautiful. Look at this one. It doesn't really show up on camera the like colors, but it was so bright. But yeah, the Grinch. They love the Grinch. But they had My Grinch fell over. Oh no, their Grinch fell over. But they had one row of lights and then the Grinch was like pulling them down. So that was cute. Oh, asked them about this Christmas tree. Oh yeah. Do you see that tree? It's hard to It's kind of blown out in this. But there's this tree that has like uh lights that kind of rotate. Wo! Look at these huge reindeer ones we talked about last time. Oh, I think we showed you guys these last time. Wait, wait, let me show them your green hand. Look at this hand. Put your hand on mommy's hand. I can see. I can see. Look. I like the ones in the trees. I want to do that. What' you say, buddy? Mickey. You saw Mickey? Oh, what did you think, buddy? Of all the lights we saw. Pokemon Go. We did. We did play Pokémon Go while we were looking at the lights. That's true. Tell me who you got on our trip. I got the evolve Pokémon. And then I got one that's eggs. Eggs like the the cute extra cute guy. Yeah. Oh, we did take our what? The egg guys of all the guy things. They do. It's interesting how much you know about Pokémon. I know. And the tree one. Wa. And it's so tall. It is tall. We took our um our Christmas pillows out today because it's the most magical time of the year, right? Look at Todd. Let's see. Jake gets back Charizard. That's pretty cool. He's huge. He is like that. It's the next day. As always in these home vlogs, we're like, "It's the next day. It's the next day." But uh something weird happened and I wanted to know if it's ever happened to you guys. We got a thing in the mail that was like, "Hey, we're changing your trash pickup days and we're also changing the way that we do it." And I'm like, "What? What? What?" Now I have to like re configure the days in my brain that they're picking up the trash. And I also have to reconfigure the way that it is. Now I don't take out both trash cans. I only take out one at a time. And I have to remember which one goes out on which day. And you know it was like Bluey where they have to figure out which one it is. And Dorin, Dorin, I think her name's Dorine, their neighbor is watching Bandit to see which one he brings out. He says he just watches her to see which one she brings out. And then Blueie says, "It's the moon. That's how we know which one to take it out." And they're like, "You're so smart, Blueie." And then Bingo is like, "Banjo is to put his hat in the bubbler." So that's where I'm at mentally. All right. We got a eye doctor's appointment for Jen. So, we're at the eye doctor. This is our favorite eye doctor then. Oh, no. We already I already talked to them a little bit. Oh, did you? About uh Bluey, I think. Oh, okay. Also, Dr. Lee, who is our our lovely eye doctor who we love so much. Um she and actually I think we're going to go on like a mom's cruise together. Oh, okay. Yeah, we talked about like cruising. So, there you go. Um but she wrote a children's book. I'm going to show you that when we get home. I think that's awesome. Also, we're close enough to the Magic Kingdom that I just heard the train whizzle go off. So, Magic Kingdom's like right there. Whoa, you look like a teacher. I feel like a grandma. No, you look cool. You actually like you do look kind of cool. You kind of look like a hip movie star or something. Like I'm at the airport in disguise. No, like I don't know how to explain it, but this like like not Gwennneth Paltro, but Gwennneth Paltro, you know what I mean? Is she I don't think she even wear No, I mean like if she did, she would pick those glasses. You know what I mean? or like Reese Witherspoon or Reese without her spoon. Either of them. These are green. Oh, yeah. Look at that. It like brings out the green in your eyes. Oh, I kind of like these actually. Yeah, that's what I Look at that. It does make you your eyes feel closer together. Oh, does it? Yeah, because there's so much like plastic in between your eyes. No, this is going to get your eye pressures. Well, this is my favorite one. know which okay you're just going to look straight at that green and yellow light flat. It has distinct borders so that you don't have any swelling in the brain or the spine. So the blood vessels look really good right now. Circle bleeding, diabetes, flameshaped bleeding would be high blood pressure that's uncontrolled and then cholesterol would have little white plaques stuck right within the vessels, right? And usually where the vessels fork cuz then the plaque's like I don't know where to go. But yours all perfect. Macula central vision is for reading and writing. There's no white deposits there. So there's no macular degeneration risk. This is the cross-sectional side profile of your eye. So here's the nerve. So it looks nice and flat. We love that. And as we scan it, we can see the vitrius membrane. That's the membrane that holds all the jelly in your eye together. Go ahead and read the bottom line for me. A P E O F. Yes. So, Jen right now is seeing 2010 vision. She's seeing back to the back in the past. I'm like a superhero. What happened in 2010? Oh my gosh. Tell me about it. Who knows what did what were you doing that day? But then also Dr. Lee kind of taught me a little bit about how this machine works, which I I've been going to the eye doctor since I was like 12 and I've never known how this thing works. It used to be just like on the side of the thing where they would flip the numbers over there, but now it's all computer. Yeah, it's it's really accurate, too. We can get a lot of people to see 2020 better this way because Oh, man. It is stinging. Okay. Oh, man. I can feel it in my eyes right now. And I didn't even do anything. Open my eyes in the ocean. Oo. You wear contacts every day, but I can't tell. What would it look like if I didn't? There would be little blood vessels. Wow. We call that neovascularization and it would be just trailing into your corneas, the front surface of the eye. And yours is really clear. Should we try to make Jen's eye glow? Yeah, it did a second ago. See if I can make it glow, bro. It was like for a second right there. Yeah. Oh, right there. Is it glowing? What is it glowing like? It's like you look like a computer. You look like a cyborg or something. So, we're going to get Jackson from school right now. And we are back behind the Magic Kingdom. And just down this road right here, Fidian Way is what's beyond Big Thunder Mountain. And at D23, there was this all this talk about Villains Land. So, here it is. Here's your exclusive first look at Villains Land at Magic Kingdom. It's a big pile of dirt right now. Oh, I want to show you really quick. My eyes are dilated. Can you see? Oh, the also the air conditioners are in my eyes. Um, I did find out my prescription changed. So, I'm going to try out some new contacts. Oh, a new brand. New brand. My brand. For my special eyes. My special eyes. Good morning. Good morning. So, okay. Yesterday I had this big plan to do a live show. After the kids went to sleep, we were gonna do a live show. But Oliver, I know we talked to you guys a little bit about it in the last home vlog, but so Oliver is no longer using his pacifier, but he's also like not doing his mid-after afternoon naps anymore either. Big change for Oliver. It was last night was a lot. So, he was having a really hard time just getting to sleep and staying asleep because he didn't have his pippy, which is we called his pacifier. We call it a pippy. He didn't have his pippy, but he also didn't have a nap in the afternoon. And so it was just an all-around rough evening and I I don't think we were actually done getting him to sleep until almost 11:00. So, yep. Yeah. So, we didn't do a live show. I'm really sorry. I think the next time we do a live show, it's going to have to be during the day. I'd like to do it at night because I know a lot of you guys just time-wise it works better for you. But, I think we have to do it during the day because it's too unpredictable at night. I can't I can't say like, "Hey, we're going to do a live show on this night." and it be like a for sure thing. But if we did it during the day, I we could for sure do it. So, okay, let us know like if any of you guys could come to one in the daytime cuz I think that's when we're going to have to do it. It is Wednesday, my dudes. What? Wednesday, my dudes. If you guys are uh having trouble with like nap time with your kids or anything like that, you're not alone. Well, and also tell us if you have any tips. Yeah. So, like the thing is Oliver is very uh he wants to be able to do things on his own, but he also doesn't want to miss out on anything. Yeah. So, when we go upstairs for his nap, he doesn't want to have a nap because he's afraid he's going to miss out on what's happening downstairs. He always says it's not fair. That's his whole thing right now is everything is not fair because he because everybody else is not going to sleep. So, it's not fair for him to go to sleep, which I get. Oh, no. Our star. It's like slanty. It's all right. Okay. So, yeah, that's what we're dealing with right now. And he's like I know he's tired. I know he needs a nap, but we're just not we're not we're not napping. So, we got to figure we got to work this out. He says he wants to go downstairs and sleep on the couch. So, we might try that like darkening this room. What he says is he'll he'll lay down. So, we'll like go up and we'll read a book and he'll go, "I'm all full on my nap. I'm full." And I'm like, "Okay." Yeah. So, of course, we try to like persuade him like, "Well, let's why don't we snuggle up in a cozy blanket. Why don't we like I'll, you know, like hum a song. We'll read another story." But like he's, you know, he's just very adamant that he's all full up on his nap, right? So, yeah. So, that's what happened yesterday. But today, Tim's going to go to Magic Kingdom. I'm going to stay here because I'm going to be adding some more things to my depot store, which is basically just my clothes. I'm adding my clothes to it's like a consignment shop almost like a thrift store but like only my clothes. So, I'm going to be putting those onto my depot. I'm going to link my depot down below so you guys can check it out. I'm hoping to put up lots of things. Eventually, I will be putting up some of Tim's things as well, but I need to like clear out some of my stuff first and then I'll put up some of Tim's stuff. Yeah. So, I'm going to be doing working on that today. I have some presents I need to wrap. Yeah, just some general things. General things. General Bedtime. Yeah, he's he's related to general bedtime. So, the star was just slightly tilted. I feel like I did it like that on purpose. I think it like Yeah, I don't know if you can tilt it centered sort of and then I kind of tried to hide it with this with this branch. Oh, is that what you did? Oh gosh. Oh. Oh no. Oh. So, I don't know if this is anything that anybody's interested in, but I use this camera. There's no microphone. I usually microphone on it, but uh I clip it to the outside of my little bag here. It was Peak Design 7 L everyday sling, but I also used their capture clip and I just got a new one because the old one was pretty old from 2019 is when I got it. So, listen to how smooth this is. Ready? Wa. So, now I can be like, I'm filming. I'm filming. I'm filming. Put it back. Hang out. Oh, here comes something right here. Oh, let me get it right here. Film. Film. Film. Put it back. Oh, like pretty great. I like it a lot. I should show you guys. Let me let me get the old one so you guys can see how worn it was. Oh, yeah. And while he's doing that, I'll show you. I'm setting up my little gift wrapping station here. I wrapped my sister's gift. So, there it is. First present under the tree. There it is. This is the actual clip. And you can see, listen to it. Starting to get like squeaky in there. And you can see that the pin from it being pushed down so much, like the spot where it is is kind of oval out on the bottom. Mhm. And from it just being used, it's all all the paint's coming off of it and stuff. Let me see the new one again. Uh which this one? Yeah, that part. This part? Yeah. Wa. That's wild how how worn down these things were on the other one. Yeah, it's like round and very flat. Wow. Yeah. And then the this is called an Arca-Swiss plate like I believe. I think so. And so this is the old bottom plate. And you can see this is the one that was always going down. Like how worn out that is. It's so worn compared to even just compared to the other ones. Yeah, that's Sorry. That's crazy. So, and here's what the new one looks like. Like comparatively. Wo. Yeah. It is like a newer design, too. So, maybe they saw that from 2019. They're like, "Ah, we can make some improvements on that." So, so you are headed to Magic Kingdom to do a little update, a little park, a little park day, a little festive treat, a little news update, you know. While he's doing that, I'm going to be wrapping presents. I'm going to be getting the depot going. And yeah, just some stuff around the house because later we do have a little dinner date, what I'm very excited about. I don't know if we're going to film, we might film a little bit of it. That'll be in a different video. But we're going to go to our favorite restaurant in Orlando, which changes. You know, the our favorite restaurant has changed over the years. Currently, this is our favorite restaurant. Or at least it's mine. I don't know. Is it yours? Yeah. Okay. Both of our favorite restaurants currently. Oh, wait. What did you guys think of this sweater? Do I look like Anakin? You kind of do. I'm just going to like stab a guy with in the back with my lightsaber. Oh, no. Is that what he does? Yeah, that was like his like first like turn towards the dark side that I noticed. M it was in Rebels or uh might have been in Clone Wars, but there was a guy that like wouldn't let them off of a ship. He was like holding them captive and Anakin just kind of was like in the back and then they're like, "What? You Jedis don't do that." Like he can't just like kill a dude. Is that what Jedi do? And he's like, "Ah, okay." And then they're like, "Maybe he shouldn't be on the Jedi Council." And it has a little hood on the back. It's very '9s cuz it's got the '9s. It's got the It's attached, but it's got the like sleeve thing. I do feel like I should be wearing like a maroon shirt underneath. Yeah, but I'm not. I'm wearing a Mickey shirt. You look cool. We have our Christmas uh wallpaper up on the frame right now. I kind of kind of love this. Yeah. Look at that. It does look like a canvas painting. It's not though. It's a TV. It's a TV. H fooled you. Okay. Did we mention this is from our universe? I don't think we did. Universe. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Look at that. Okay, so I'm going to finish up here. You have fun at Disney and then later on we'll reconvene for dinner. Oh yeah. I'm excited for dinner. It's my favorite restaurant in Orlando. All right. I'll see you in a little bit. All right. I got my second present wrapped. This one is actually from Daddy to Mommy, but I picked it out so I know what it is, so I'm wrapping it. But I have two big ones I need to wrap. So, um, a lot of you guys noticed in I think it was one of the last cruise vlogs that Jackson, he's really like musically inclined and so we are so like I think that's so cool. We're very proud of him. I think that comes from Tim. I don't think that I I don't know how to play any instruments. Tim played instruments growing up his whole life. I'm like not a singer, you know? I'm I'm not working late cuz I'm not a singer. Tim is not a singer. But Jackson really has like good pitch. Is that right? Like where he knows the scales. He can he can also play songs on the piano. We have like a little like a you know a kitty kind of a child like a toy piano. And if you play a song and he he can play it by ear. He can figure out how to play it on the piano. And so we got him a piano for Christmas. And this was something that we like a like a little like keyboard, you know. And this was something that we he didn't specifically ask for, but we were like, I think he could benefit from this. I think this could be like a good thing for him. And he is interested in pianos, but he didn't specifically ask. But I think this will be a fun one. And so I have to wrap it. It's over there. I don't know if you can see it right there. It's I don't know if I have enough wrapping paper to wrap it. Like enough of the same wrapping paper to wrap that thing. So, I think it's going to look like like a big Frankenstein gift. Actually, you know what? I think I can wrap it in this. I think I have enough of this. So, I'm going to wrap that one and the seat. And then I we have to figure out where to put it. I think we're going to set it up on Christmas. We'll wrap it so it's under the tree. And then we'll set it up on Christmas. And then, you know, of course, we still have to see what Santa's going to bring him cuz he had a whole list for Santa. and we are going on a very merry time cruise where we're going to see Santa and so I know he'll be very excited to give him his list but that definitely was not on his list. So mommy and daddy got him that. But yeah, so that's what I'm doing right now. I'm just kind of wrapping. I've been watching the on Disney Plus the Murdoch like the I don't know what it's called but about the the Murdoch family like murders. I've been watching that. Um it's like horrible. It's a horrible It's not a feelood. It definitely does not make you feel good watching it. So, I don't really know why I'm watching it, but I don't know why do we do that to ourselves. Um, so yeah, also our nanny who was with us for a few years. She just recently left to go to grad school, she is on a winter break from school right now, so she's actually been she's been back in town, so she's been working with us for the last couple of days. The kids have been so excited to see her. Um, recently my sister did come and kind of take over the position and which was great. Like it wasn't something that I ever thought of because we've just hired nannies through like a nanny service and um which we've had really great luck with. We've had some really really wonderful nannies. However, everybody seems to be on the like road to grad school and so everybody that we've had has kind of left to continue their education. But um yeah, our last nanny, she was going to grad school, so she was just looking for like a kind of a job in the interim and we were so lucky to have her for as long as we did. But she is back for the holidays and so she's been working with with us for the last few days. The kids have been so excited. They've like really missed her. We FaceTime her like all the time and stuff so we still see her. I don't know. I just think it's really cool how like they've really become part of our family and it's just been like such a special bond for the kids especially. But we're happy that she's here for the next couple days. She's going to help me with the depot stuff. So that's going to be a great help cuz my sister is here as well which I know a lot of you guys had questions about that. you were like like oh your sister's spending a lot of time with you and so she was between jobs and she was helping out and it just really worked like to have my sister here you know the kids know her the kids love her obviously and it just made sense so she has been working with us for a while now and it's been so amazing just to be able to have that like family here every day and the reason why I'm talking about family too is um because it's the holidays is I've been I don't want to cry. I feel like I'm going to cry. Um it's been a hard time. I've been having a hard time. Like I've been having a rough time. Just this is the the kind the time of year where you really realize when you've lost someone, this is like the time of year that you really really miss them. So like with my mom, like I really really miss my mom every day. But Christmas time and like my birthday just passed and Jackson's birthday just passed. it it's just they're like back to back to back to back. It's just been a hard time for me and so I've been sad like I've been I don't know maybe like not myself. Um and it's been hard. It's been rough. And so just having my sister here has been has made it really um not easy but has definitely been nice to have her. She reminds me of my mom a lot. So, uh, but anyway, I So, yeah, I just wanted to kind of mention that because if you're somebody who is also dealing with loss this holiday season, sorry, I feel like I feel like this came out of nowhere, but I've been thinking about it a lot and I just want to kind of mention it that I just want to mention that like you're not alone if this is something that you're dealing with and um like I'm dealing with it too and I don't know how to deal with it still. I think my mom has been passed for almost 20 years. It's been quite literally I think 17 I think this will be the 18th year that she's been passed away and um it's still hard like it's still hard. Uh I don't know if it ever gets easier and especially this time of year. So it's just been rough and I've been having a hard time and that's another reason why Tim and I decided to go and have dinner tonight is so we could just have some like time alone and just kind of um take my mind off of it really. and you know, it's always in the back of my mind, but it'll be nice to to go do that. So, anyway, long story short, just want to mention that you're not alone. I'm also sad. Um, yeah. So, I just hope everybody's doing okay cuz I know the holidays are are hard in general and I know they're especially hard this year just with the, you know, with everything with the world. So, I just hope you guys are okay. And you know, if you're not okay, I hope that you find things that make you happy at least for a minute, you know. So, okay, sorry. I'm going to go wrap presents and cry now. So, I'll see you guys in a minute. But I just I want to mention that cuz I know that um it's something that people probably think like, oh, everything's perfect all the time and we're happy all the time and it isn't perfect all the time and we're not happy all the time. And I want to make sure that like those real moments make their way into these videos, too. So, um, yeah. Okay, I'm going to I'll be right back. Thank you for listening. Good evening. I I So, this is the same video. I told you this was going to be in a later video. It's in the same video because the video went up a little bit later than I expected. So, it's later. We're headed to dinner. We are We're dressed nicer than normal. Yeah, look at this. You can't really see. I had to put a cardigan over. I found a cardigan. By the way, if you guys were watching my uh me trying to find a cardigan when we went to the Mont Millennia, I found one on Amazon. Unfortunately, I wish I could have found one at like an actual store, but they just I I couldn't I couldn't find one. So, we are going to go to Nami for dinner. I'm very excited. I was just looking at the menu. I'm a I'm a like pre-plan what I'm going to order kind of a girly. I don't want to get there and like be staring at a menu for a long time. I want to know what I'm getting. As soon as I get in the door, I want to like have an idea of what I'm getting of of what I'm getting. And I think I know. Oh, so you don't know yet? I don't. Do you? Yeah, sure. What do you know? Some food. I'll look at a menu and know what I want in like 2 seconds. I just like there's so many like seafood things that I want to try cuz as you know, I do like seafood. And um this menu doesn't explain what they are. So, I need to like ask the server, what does this mean? And then and then I'll know. I did do my makeup. I had like 20 minutes to get ready. So, this is a 20-minute look. I had to try to figure out what I was wearing. It looks much cuter without this. So, when I get inside, I'm going to take this off and be a little cuter. You know what I did? What? Started listening to the audio book of Project Halary. I literally told him that I wanted to read it and then he's he's like he's like, "Guess what I started?" And I'm like, "What the heck?" People were saying that it was better to listen to it on audiobook. And I said, "I listen to audiobooks at some point in my life." And so I said, "Let's see if I can find it." And I found it. Do you guys remember this would have been when we lived in our first house? Our first house that we bought. We You would sit in the pool on a pool float and listen to audiobooks. Yeah. This was a prekid activity for sure. Like we couldn't do that now. Um but you I remember very clearly you listening to 1984 and uh Animal Farm. I think I think you did both of them. Just just lounging in the pool on a pool float. Like a donut pool float listening to an audio book. Existential dread. But you did. That's what you did back then. Yeah. Who remembers those days? Listen to Frankenstein. Was listen to Dracula. You did? Yeah. Oh wow. Listen to a lot of books. A lot of classics. Cuz I was getting them through the library. Yeah. By the way, you can get audio books through the library. You can. And it was there was an app called Hoopla, I think. Yeah. That's what we were using. I don't know if that's still an app. I don't know if it's still a thing. It is. You should look it up then because you can you don't even have to pay for Audible. Yeah. You have you have a library card, you got audiobooks. It's interesting though because it's digital so it's strange that if somebody has it checked out you can't listen to it. Oh yeah. So you have to wait till it's like returned. They have like a few copies of it so it's not a big deal. But like it's interesting that there is a restriction on it as to how many people can be listening to one book at a time. That is interesting. Yeah. All right. So we're going to head into the restaurant. I'll show you guys when we go inside cuz I want you to see how beautiful this place is. But we're headed in um momentarily. So stay tuned. I like the waves on the wall. I think it's too hip for us. I don't think we're hip enough. I'm hip. I'm with it. My phone has been getting ridiculously bright recently. Bacon. That's what I want. They give us this little like Japanese towel and they pour hot water on it. It kind of expands. We're jamming. Look at your bad lighting over here. I'm under a tree. Yeah, it's not so bad. We're recording on our phones. Here's our Japanese maples above us. We got a a mocktail. This is called the Canary. It tastes like tang. Oh, yeah. This is the canope nori rice crackers with what did he say this was? It's like a sesame. Yeah. Sort of like their version of hummus. Yeah. Looks good though. This is the bacon chopped up with their they said their Chinese barbecue sauce. It's a spicy hamachi. So, it's yellow tail and then it has crispy ginger. Oh, yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, Nami nuggets. Yes, just chicken nuggets. So delicious though. And then we got the cucumber salad. Spicy. There it is. This is our New York strip Japanese A5 Wagu on a Wagu demiglaze with some mushroom. What kind of mushroom are they? Or they shaki? Myaki. Mayyaki. And wasabi mashed potatoes. Wasabi mashed potatoes. Yes. They brought us our pedaphors. Oh, candies. But you eat the wrapper. What? I was just kidding. No, I'm just kidding. You do. It's rice paper. Hazelnut. Chocolate. Hazelnut. Hazelnut. White chocolate fudge. I just woke up after putting Jackson to sleep. So, we just we're done with dinner. Yeah, we didn't show us leaving the um restaurant. Sorry. But it was delicious. So, so good. I love Nami so much. It's so delicious. It is more of like a special occasion type place. I think that you could go and have like appetizers and, you know, it could be more like casual feeling that way, but it definitely feels fancy. Yeah. Like everything is a presentation. It's very like So the first time that we went, it was right before my trip to New York for my birthday. Yeah. And it felt so like New York. It's very like that kind of a vibe. But yeah, it was awesome. I loved it. It was delicious. Our server was amazing. 10 out of 10. 11 out of 10. And then we came home and um Tim put the boys to bed and I was finishing editing this video. So you're seeing this in real time. I literally just finished editing it. Yeah. Today. Yeah. Like right right now. So, but this was a great couple of days. Thanks for letting us. I had to go to the eye doctor. We had to do some some grocery shopping. There was some uh Oh, go check out my depot. I'm going to link that down below cuz I put up like 30 new things today and I'm going to be putting up more things tomorrow. So, if you're interested in Tim, there's a few of Tim's things. There's a lot of my stuff. Go check it out if you like. But yeah, and they're all skater goth grunge. Yeah. Okay. So, Deepop has this like AI. I can't opt out of it, but it like does this thing where it looks at the picture that you've uploaded and it tries to describe it for you. And everything that I uploaded, it was like, this is emo. This is skater. This is goth. No, not goth. Grunge. And I'm like, it's a shirt with Mickey Mouse on it, AI. Like, you're doing great. That's a skater. He was a skater mouse. It was just I don't know. It's so funny. So, yeah. So, go check that out. I'm going to link it down below. There was some crying. There was some laughing. There was at on Depot. No, in our video. Oh, okay. You weren't there for that. Why was there crying? Who cried? You know, you'll have to watch and find out. Oh, no. Are you okay? Is there crying in baseball? There is crying in baseball. But thank you so much for hanging out with us and we will do a live show at some point. That's my promise to you. So stay tuned for that. But it was a great couple of days. Tell you what, you know, you know what the promise is? It's that we have one scheduled. We have a live show scheduled for the Patreon members. We do. But if you're not a Patreon member, don't fret. We will have a live show for you as well. I just have to figure out when we're going to do it, right? So stay tuned. But uh and I'll link our Patreon down below if you want to check that out. We've been having a lot of fun there. But yeah, it was a great couple of days. So, all in all, a fantastic few days. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price.
