---
video_id: k6zjoI3BLwM
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our Last Disney Cruise Vlog Of 2025! | Fantasy Merrytime Cruise, Lookout Cay & Meeting Santa!"
published: 2025-12-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6zjoI3BLwM
---
Good morning and welcome to our final Good morning and welcome to our final Good morning and welcome to our final cruise vlog of 2025. cruise vlog of 2025. cruise vlog of 2025. Today's video is sponsored by Today's video is sponsored by Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. Uh more on that in just a ButcherBox. Uh more on that in just a ButcherBox. Uh more on that in just a little bit. But in today's video, you'll little bit. But in today's video, you'll little bit. But in today's video, you'll be seeing days three and four of the be seeing days three and four of the be seeing days three and four of the cruise and of course our debarcation cruise and of course our debarcation cruise and of course our debarcation day. Um this was an amazing cruise. It day. Um this was an amazing cruise. It day. Um this was an amazing cruise. It was a great way to end the year. And if was a great way to end the year. And if was a great way to end the year. And if you didn't see the first [music] part of you didn't see the first [music] part of you didn't see the first [music] part of this cruise, I'm going to link it down this cruise, I'm going to link it down this cruise, I'm going to link it down below cuz I know they were uploaded a below cuz I know they were uploaded a below cuz I know they were uploaded a little bit disjointed. But this was an little bit disjointed. But this was an little bit disjointed. But this was an amazing cruise. We had an amazing time. amazing cruise. We had an amazing time. amazing cruise. We had an amazing time. and I hope you enjoy our very last and I hope you enjoy our very last and I hope you enjoy our very last cruise vlog of 2025. Thank you for cruise vlog of 2025. Thank you for cruise vlog of 2025. Thank you for following along. following along. following along. &gt;&gt; Good morning from Lookout Key. We &gt;&gt; Good morning from Lookout Key. We &gt;&gt; Good morning from Lookout Key. We decided to have a little like little decided to have a little like little decided to have a little like little breakfast picnic in the room breakfast picnic in the room breakfast picnic in the room &gt;&gt; right here. &gt;&gt; right here. &gt;&gt; right here. &gt;&gt; So, I just ran up to Cabanas and got &gt;&gt; So, I just ran up to Cabanas and got &gt;&gt; So, I just ran up to Cabanas and got everybody breakfast and now we're in everybody breakfast and now we're in everybody breakfast and now we're in here having breakfast in the room. here having breakfast in the room. here having breakfast in the room. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little breakfast picnic. We're &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little breakfast picnic. We're &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little breakfast picnic. We're watching Frozen 2 because Oliver loves watching Frozen 2 because Oliver loves watching Frozen 2 because Oliver loves Anna and Elsa. So, we've been watching Anna and Elsa. So, we've been watching Anna and Elsa. So, we've been watching Frozen Fever and then he said, "I want Frozen Fever and then he said, "I want Frozen Fever and then he said, "I want to watch the other one." But Frozen 2 is to watch the other one." But Frozen 2 is to watch the other one." But Frozen 2 is a little bit more a little bit more a little bit more &gt;&gt; intense. &gt;&gt; intense. &gt;&gt; intense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right, we're headed down to the &gt;&gt; All right, we're headed down to the &gt;&gt; All right, we're headed down to the island. We're at Lookout Key. Look at island. We're at Lookout Key. Look at island. We're at Lookout Key. Look at Jackson's got his correct shirt on. Jackson's got his correct shirt on. Jackson's got his correct shirt on. We're making the walk cuz they were out We're making the walk cuz they were out We're making the walk cuz they were out of wagons. So, making the walk down the of wagons. So, making the walk down the of wagons. So, making the walk down the pier, right, boys? pier, right, boys? pier, right, boys? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, there's the wagons coming back &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, there's the wagons coming back &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, there's the wagons coming back now. Just missed our chance. Look at the now. Just missed our chance. Look at the now. Just missed our chance. Look at the water. Look at how beautiful the water water. Look at how beautiful the water water. Look at how beautiful the water is. Little bit of some rough waters is. Little bit of some rough waters is. Little bit of some rough waters today. That's okay, though. But we like today. That's okay, though. But we like today. That's okay, though. But we like to jump waves. They don't have any to jump waves. They don't have any to jump waves. They don't have any Christmas shirts here right now. I guess Christmas shirts here right now. I guess Christmas shirts here right now. I guess it's just too close to the holidays. it's just too close to the holidays. it's just too close to the holidays. Maybe this Oh my goodness. There's a lot Maybe this Oh my goodness. There's a lot Maybe this Oh my goodness. There's a lot of wagons up here. There's my favorite of wagons up here. There's my favorite of wagons up here. There's my favorite turtle. I want to see it. turtle. I want to see it. turtle. I want to see it. &gt;&gt; Not yet. We'll find it. While we were &gt;&gt; Not yet. We'll find it. While we were &gt;&gt; Not yet. We'll find it. While we were coming over here, Jen got stung by a coming over here, Jen got stung by a coming over here, Jen got stung by a bee. bee. bee. &gt;&gt; There's the stinger on the stinger on &gt;&gt; There's the stinger on the stinger on &gt;&gt; There's the stinger on the stinger on her. I don't know. I can't see my screen her. I don't know. I can't see my screen her. I don't know. I can't see my screen right now, but I think that we're right now, but I think that we're right now, but I think that we're &gt;&gt; I think you guys might be able to see &gt;&gt; I think you guys might be able to see &gt;&gt; I think you guys might be able to see it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. See what the How's the water feel? &gt;&gt; Uhoh. See what the How's the water feel? &gt;&gt; Uhoh. See what the How's the water feel? Not as bad as last time. Not as bad as last time. Not as bad as last time. Still cold, but definitely not as bad as Still cold, but definitely not as bad as Still cold, but definitely not as bad as last time. Let me get more water on my last time. Let me get more water on my last time. Let me get more water on my feet. No, it's very cold. Okay. Oliver feet. No, it's very cold. Okay. Oliver feet. No, it's very cold. Okay. Oliver says, "No, thank you." Look at him says, "No, thank you." Look at him says, "No, thank you." Look at him running away. Oh no. Is it too cold for running away. Oh no. Is it too cold for running away. Oh no. Is it too cold for you, Oliver? You're going out there. you, Oliver? You're going out there. you, Oliver? You're going out there. It's cold. Our favorite thing. Jumping It's cold. Our favorite thing. Jumping It's cold. Our favorite thing. Jumping the waves. Oh yeah. Good job, buddy. Oh, the waves. Oh yeah. Good job, buddy. Oh, the waves. Oh yeah. Good job, buddy. Oh, here's a big one. Whoa. here's a big one. Whoa. here's a big one. Whoa. You ready? Oh, good job. Oh, good job. Oh, good job. &gt;&gt; He's telling me when to jump. &gt;&gt; He's telling me when to jump. &gt;&gt; He's telling me when to jump. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. I'm &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. I'm &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. I'm &gt;&gt; trying to see where the rocks are, &gt;&gt; trying to see where the rocks are, &gt;&gt; trying to see where the rocks are, though. I want to go out a little bit though. I want to go out a little bit though. I want to go out a little bit further. further. further. &gt;&gt; There's one right there. There's none &gt;&gt; There's one right there. There's none &gt;&gt; There's one right there. There's none over here where this girl is. And over here where this girl is. And over here where this girl is. And there's some right there. Even though there's some right there. Even though there's some right there. Even though it's very chilly in the water, it's very it's very chilly in the water, it's very it's very chilly in the water, it's very clear today, which And it's also kind of clear today, which And it's also kind of clear today, which And it's also kind of like kind of like rough out here, too, like kind of like rough out here, too, like kind of like rough out here, too, which is surprising how it's still which is surprising how it's still which is surprising how it's still clear. clear. clear. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; cuz normally this would be kicking up a &gt;&gt; cuz normally this would be kicking up a &gt;&gt; cuz normally this would be kicking up a lot of sand. lot of sand. lot of sand. &gt;&gt; A lot clearer this time. I'm the left &gt;&gt; A lot clearer this time. I'm the left &gt;&gt; A lot clearer this time. I'm the left side. [laughter] side. [laughter] side. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I almost got my belly button. &gt;&gt; I almost got my belly button. &gt;&gt; I almost got my belly button. &gt;&gt; Jump. Jump. I just want to get my arm &gt;&gt; Jump. Jump. I just want to get my arm &gt;&gt; Jump. Jump. I just want to get my arm under. under. under. &gt;&gt; I think the salt water will help. &gt;&gt; I think the salt water will help. &gt;&gt; I think the salt water will help. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. Uhoh. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. Uhoh. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. Uhoh. &gt;&gt; Go. &gt;&gt; So, we decided to come up to the splash &gt;&gt; So, we decided to come up to the splash &gt;&gt; So, we decided to come up to the splash pad while Jen and Jackson are down in pad while Jen and Jackson are down in pad while Jen and Jackson are down in the ocean. the ocean. the ocean. Right. Right. Right. This water is definitely warmer than the This water is definitely warmer than the This water is definitely warmer than the ocean. Last time we were here, it was ocean. Last time we were here, it was ocean. Last time we were here, it was the same temperature as the ocean, cold, the same temperature as the ocean, cold, the same temperature as the ocean, cold, but now it's pretty nice. but now it's pretty nice. but now it's pretty nice. &gt;&gt; So, after some splash pad fun, we &gt;&gt; So, after some splash pad fun, we &gt;&gt; So, after some splash pad fun, we decided to head over for lunch. But in decided to head over for lunch. But in decided to head over for lunch. But in this part of the video, we realized that this part of the video, we realized that this part of the video, we realized that the camera was set to slow-mo and it was the camera was set to slow-mo and it was the camera was set to slow-mo and it was not recording audio. So, I had to not recording audio. So, I had to not recording audio. So, I had to increase the video speed by 600% to get increase the video speed by 600% to get increase the video speed by 600% to get it to like almost a normal speed. But, it to like almost a normal speed. But, it to like almost a normal speed. But, as we were heading over to lunch, we as we were heading over to lunch, we as we were heading over to lunch, we heard some music and we realized they heard some music and we realized they heard some music and we realized they were doing the Junkanoo celebration were doing the Junkanoo celebration were doing the Junkanoo celebration across the way there. So, we started to across the way there. So, we started to across the way there. So, we started to head over and this was so much fun. They head over and this was so much fun. They head over and this was so much fun. They were playing live music. They had these were playing live music. They had these were playing live music. They had these really fun and interesting instruments. really fun and interesting instruments. really fun and interesting instruments. Everybody had their costumes and like Everybody had their costumes and like Everybody had their costumes and like their really cool hats and outfits. It their really cool hats and outfits. It their really cool hats and outfits. It was really, it was really, really neat. was really, it was really, really neat. was really, it was really, really neat. There was so much dancing and everybody There was so much dancing and everybody There was so much dancing and everybody was so excited to see everybody coming was so excited to see everybody coming was so excited to see everybody coming out. And even Mickey was there. So, the out. And even Mickey was there. So, the out. And even Mickey was there. So, the kids really loved that. Oliver could not kids really loved that. Oliver could not kids really loved that. Oliver could not believe that Mickey was there. Look at believe that Mickey was there. Look at believe that Mickey was there. Look at him. He was having so much fun. him. He was having so much fun. him. He was having so much fun. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] But Mickey was dancing. Love those But Mickey was dancing. Love those But Mickey was dancing. Love those shoes. Look how fun those shoes are. shoes. Look how fun those shoes are. shoes. Look how fun those shoes are. Jackson loves seeing Mickey. He was so Jackson loves seeing Mickey. He was so Jackson loves seeing Mickey. He was so excited. And then they just kind of excited. And then they just kind of excited. And then they just kind of ushered everybody in from behind the ushered everybody in from behind the ushered everybody in from behind the sort of parade. And then they had a sort of parade. And then they had a sort of parade. And then they had a moment where all of the Junkanoo moment where all of the Junkanoo moment where all of the Junkanoo performers stopped and everybody performers stopped and everybody performers stopped and everybody gathered around. They played their gathered around. They played their gathered around. They played their instruments. They had their their instruments. They had their their instruments. They had their their whistles and their drums. And this one whistles and their drums. And this one whistles and their drums. And this one instrument was really neat cuz it almost instrument was really neat cuz it almost instrument was really neat cuz it almost sounded like a washboard. It had like sounded like a washboard. It had like sounded like a washboard. It had like this really neat sound that it made. this really neat sound that it made. this really neat sound that it made. Oliver loved that one. They even let him Oliver loved that one. They even let him Oliver loved that one. They even let him actually play it later on. It was such a actually play it later on. It was such a actually play it later on. It was such a neat experience. Everybody was having a neat experience. Everybody was having a neat experience. Everybody was having a great time. This is something that I great time. This is something that I great time. This is something that I think is like a do not miss. If you are think is like a do not miss. If you are think is like a do not miss. If you are there during the this celebration, there during the this celebration, there during the this celebration, definitely come and check it out. It's definitely come and check it out. It's definitely come and check it out. It's really really worth it. The kids loved really really worth it. The kids loved really really worth it. The kids loved it. After the celebration, they even it. After the celebration, they even it. After the celebration, they even stop and let you take photos, which was stop and let you take photos, which was stop and let you take photos, which was really cool. The kids loved that. So, we really cool. The kids loved that. So, we really cool. The kids loved that. So, we got a really fun photo. And then after got a really fun photo. And then after got a really fun photo. And then after that, it was lunchtime, so we headed that, it was lunchtime, so we headed that, it was lunchtime, so we headed over to True True Barbecue. Had to look over to True True Barbecue. Had to look over to True True Barbecue. Had to look at the cookies, of course. All of these at the cookies, of course. All of these at the cookies, of course. All of these fun little salads over here. Then we sat fun little salads over here. Then we sat fun little salads over here. Then we sat down to eat. Tim got a hamburger, a down to eat. Tim got a hamburger, a down to eat. Tim got a hamburger, a cheeseburger, some fruit and fries, and cheeseburger, some fruit and fries, and cheeseburger, some fruit and fries, and of course a cookie. Jackson also got a of course a cookie. Jackson also got a of course a cookie. Jackson also got a cheeseburger, fries, and a cookie. And cheeseburger, fries, and a cookie. And cheeseburger, fries, and a cookie. And then here I am talking about how I then here I am talking about how I then here I am talking about how I normally get the spicy chicken sandwich, normally get the spicy chicken sandwich, normally get the spicy chicken sandwich, but today the cheeseburger was calling but today the cheeseburger was calling but today the cheeseburger was calling me. And it's honestly, it was really me. And it's honestly, it was really me. And it's honestly, it was really good. I had a really good lunch this good. I had a really good lunch this good. I had a really good lunch this day. And then after lunch, it was time day. And then after lunch, it was time day. And then after lunch, it was time for ice cream. So I got the chocolate, for ice cream. So I got the chocolate, for ice cream. So I got the chocolate, Oliver got vanilla, Jackson got banana, Oliver got vanilla, Jackson got banana, Oliver got vanilla, Jackson got banana, and it was delicious. The ice cream was and it was delicious. The ice cream was and it was delicious. The ice cream was delicious. It was I was saying how it delicious. It was I was saying how it delicious. It was I was saying how it was very chocolatey. I love how how was very chocolatey. I love how how was very chocolatey. I love how how chocolaty the chocolate ice cream has chocolaty the chocolate ice cream has chocolaty the chocolate ice cream has been on this on this cruise. Sometimes been on this on this cruise. Sometimes been on this on this cruise. Sometimes it's not as chocolaty, but this time it's not as chocolaty, but this time it's not as chocolaty, but this time extra chocolatey. And then here I was extra chocolatey. And then here I was extra chocolatey. And then here I was telling you a little tip that they have telling you a little tip that they have telling you a little tip that they have chocolate and vanilla at one station and chocolate and vanilla at one station and chocolate and vanilla at one station and then at the other station they have the then at the other station they have the then at the other station they have the other flavors. On this cruise it was other flavors. On this cruise it was other flavors. On this cruise it was banana and strawberry. I'm not sure if banana and strawberry. I'm not sure if banana and strawberry. I'm not sure if that's the same for every cruise, but on that's the same for every cruise, but on that's the same for every cruise, but on this cruise it was banana and strawberry this cruise it was banana and strawberry this cruise it was banana and strawberry at one and chocolate and vanilla at the at one and chocolate and vanilla at the at one and chocolate and vanilla at the other. So there's a little tip for you. other. So there's a little tip for you. other. So there's a little tip for you. But all in all, this was a really great But all in all, this was a really great But all in all, this was a really great lunch. We had a great time on the lunch. We had a great time on the lunch. We had a great time on the island. The weather was perfect. The island. The weather was perfect. The island. The weather was perfect. The water was perfect. The splash pad was so water was perfect. The splash pad was so water was perfect. The splash pad was so much fun. Of course, the food was much fun. Of course, the food was much fun. Of course, the food was delicious. And speaking of delicious delicious. And speaking of delicious delicious. And speaking of delicious food, before we head back to the ship, food, before we head back to the ship, food, before we head back to the ship, let's have a word about today's sponsor, let's have a word about today's sponsor, let's have a word about today's sponsor, ButcherBox. ButcherBox. ButcherBox. &gt;&gt; Today's video is sponsored by &gt;&gt; Today's video is sponsored by &gt;&gt; Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat subscription box that delivers subscription box that delivers subscription box that delivers highquality meats and seafoods directly highquality meats and seafoods directly highquality meats and seafoods directly to your door, so you can skip the to your door, so you can skip the to your door, so you can skip the grocery store and have a high quality grocery store and have a high quality grocery store and have a high quality proteins delivered right to you. So, proteins delivered right to you. So, proteins delivered right to you. So, let's have a look and see what we got let's have a look and see what we got let's have a look and see what we got inside of our butcher box with something inside of our butcher box with something inside of our butcher box with something a little bit different this time. And we a little bit different this time. And we a little bit different this time. And we got some wild caught salmon. I know got some wild caught salmon. I know got some wild caught salmon. I know you're excited about this one. you're excited about this one. you're excited about this one. &gt;&gt; I know. Uh I I love seafood. And I love &gt;&gt; I know. Uh I I love seafood. And I love &gt;&gt; I know. Uh I I love seafood. And I love the idea that you can customize your the idea that you can customize your the idea that you can customize your box. So, everybody gets a little box. So, everybody gets a little box. So, everybody gets a little something. You know, the 100% grass-fed something. You know, the 100% grass-fed something. You know, the 100% grass-fed beef boneless ribeye steak. So, we got beef boneless ribeye steak. So, we got beef boneless ribeye steak. So, we got these last time. They were delicious. these last time. They were delicious. these last time. They were delicious. They were so so good. They were so so good. They were so so good. &gt;&gt; Antibiotics free chicken breast. We got &gt;&gt; Antibiotics free chicken breast. We got &gt;&gt; Antibiotics free chicken breast. We got some more of the grass-fed ground beef. some more of the grass-fed ground beef. some more of the grass-fed ground beef. We used these for tacos last time. We used these for tacos last time. We used these for tacos last time. Wonderful. And then last, we got the Wonderful. And then last, we got the Wonderful. And then last, we got the is what we're going to be making today. is what we're going to be making today. is what we're going to be making today. &gt;&gt; We've got half of it that's already &gt;&gt; We've got half of it that's already &gt;&gt; We've got half of it that's already thawed. Let's throw it in the pan. thawed. Let's throw it in the pan. thawed. Let's throw it in the pan. &gt;&gt; You hear that noise? That's what you &gt;&gt; You hear that noise? That's what you &gt;&gt; You hear that noise? That's what you want for the best outside crust. Oh want for the best outside crust. Oh want for the best outside crust. Oh yeah, look at that crust. Time to base. yeah, look at that crust. Time to base. yeah, look at that crust. Time to base. Give these guys a little butter bath. Give these guys a little butter bath. Give these guys a little butter bath. Oh, it smells so good. You know, Oh, it smells so good. You know, Oh, it smells so good. You know, sometimes you just got to treat yourself sometimes you just got to treat yourself sometimes you just got to treat yourself with a little steak in the afternoon. with a little steak in the afternoon. with a little steak in the afternoon. Just like that. Time to take these off Just like that. Time to take these off Just like that. Time to take these off the heat. Look at that. Oh, this looks the heat. Look at that. Oh, this looks the heat. Look at that. Oh, this looks delicious. M. We love that ButcherBox is delicious. M. We love that ButcherBox is delicious. M. We love that ButcherBox is fully customizable. And they have over fully customizable. And they have over fully customizable. And they have over choose from. It is delivered frozen choose from. It is delivered frozen choose from. It is delivered frozen right to your door with free shipping, right to your door with free shipping, right to your door with free shipping, so no grocery trips are required. And so no grocery trips are required. And so no grocery trips are required. And the subscription is flexible. It's easy the subscription is flexible. It's easy the subscription is flexible. It's easy to skip, pause, or adjust your order at to skip, pause, or adjust your order at to skip, pause, or adjust your order at any time. any time. any time. M. That is pretty darn tasty. [laughter] M. That is pretty darn tasty. [laughter] M. That is pretty darn tasty. [laughter] Wow. It's like packed with flavor. Holy Wow. It's like packed with flavor. Holy Wow. It's like packed with flavor. Holy cow. cow. cow. &gt;&gt; It's so tender. The flavor is amazing. &gt;&gt; It's so tender. The flavor is amazing. &gt;&gt; It's so tender. The flavor is amazing. We really do need a steak in the middle We really do need a steak in the middle We really do need a steak in the middle of the day, you know. of the day, you know. of the day, you know. &gt;&gt; So, if you're interested in checking out &gt;&gt; So, if you're interested in checking out &gt;&gt; So, if you're interested in checking out Butcher Box for yourself, be sure to use Butcher Box for yourself, be sure to use Butcher Box for yourself, be sure to use our down below our down below our down below or the QR code that's on the screen or the QR code that's on the screen or the QR code that's on the screen right now for a free steak in every box right now for a free steak in every box right now for a free steak in every box for a year if you're new to Butcher Box. for a year if you're new to Butcher Box. for a year if you're new to Butcher Box. Plus, if you use our code Tim Track 20 Plus, if you use our code Tim Track 20 Plus, if you use our code Tim Track 20 at checkout, you get $20 off your first at checkout, you get $20 off your first at checkout, you get $20 off your first box. So, if you're ready to skip the box. So, if you're ready to skip the box. So, if you're ready to skip the grocery store and have high quality grocery store and have high quality grocery store and have high quality meats delivered directly to your door, meats delivered directly to your door, meats delivered directly to your door, be sure to check out ButcherBox. Want to be sure to check out ButcherBox. Want to be sure to check out ButcherBox. Want to say thank you to ButcherBox for say thank you to ButcherBox for say thank you to ButcherBox for sponsoring today's video. And now, back sponsoring today's video. And now, back sponsoring today's video. And now, back to the video. to the video. to the video. &gt;&gt; Great idea, sir. &gt;&gt; Great idea, sir. &gt;&gt; Great idea, sir. &gt;&gt; You're holding on to Big Brother's Leg. &gt;&gt; You're holding on to Big Brother's Leg. &gt;&gt; You're holding on to Big Brother's Leg. All right, this is our last time seeing All right, this is our last time seeing All right, this is our last time seeing these Christmas trees this year. Merry these Christmas trees this year. Merry these Christmas trees this year. Merry Christmas, Lookout Key. Lighthouse Point Christmas, Lookout Key. Lighthouse Point Christmas, Lookout Key. Lighthouse Point at Lookout Key in the Bahamas, Honolulu. at Lookout Key in the Bahamas, Honolulu. at Lookout Key in the Bahamas, Honolulu. All right, heading back to the Disney All right, heading back to the Disney All right, heading back to the Disney Fantasy. I like Lookout because when Fantasy. I like Lookout because when Fantasy. I like Lookout because when you're walking back, you get to see a you're walking back, you get to see a you're walking back, you get to see a good view of the ship. Oh, somebody's on good view of the ship. Oh, somebody's on good view of the ship. Oh, somebody's on the aqueduct. I'm trying to record a the aqueduct. I'm trying to record a the aqueduct. I'm trying to record a voice over. Jen and Oliver are trying to voice over. Jen and Oliver are trying to voice over. Jen and Oliver are trying to have a little nap. have a little nap. have a little nap. &gt;&gt; And we are trying to find a place where &gt;&gt; And we are trying to find a place where &gt;&gt; And we are trying to find a place where it was quiet. it was quiet. it was quiet. &gt;&gt; Trying to find a quiet place where I can &gt;&gt; Trying to find a quiet place where I can &gt;&gt; Trying to find a quiet place where I can record a voice over for Tik Tok. record a voice over for Tik Tok. record a voice over for Tik Tok. &gt;&gt; Dad, what's the voice over? &gt;&gt; Dad, what's the voice over? &gt;&gt; Dad, what's the voice over? &gt;&gt; It's where I just I just talk into the &gt;&gt; It's where I just I just talk into the &gt;&gt; It's where I just I just talk into the phone and that's what they Oh, you hear phone and that's what they Oh, you hear phone and that's what they Oh, you hear it right here. It's kind of quiet right it right here. It's kind of quiet right it right here. It's kind of quiet right here. here. here. &gt;&gt; I found them. &gt;&gt; I found them. &gt;&gt; I found them. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's go right here in this little &gt;&gt; Okay, let's go right here in this little &gt;&gt; Okay, let's go right here in this little corner. I really love both Castaway and corner. I really love both Castaway and corner. I really love both Castaway and Lookout, but I also like being on the Lookout, but I also like being on the Lookout, but I also like being on the ship [music] on these days cuz that's ship [music] on these days cuz that's ship [music] on these days cuz that's when the majority of people are off the when the majority of people are off the when the majority of people are off the ship. Oh man, telling you guys, you guys ship. Oh man, telling you guys, you guys ship. Oh man, telling you guys, you guys got to come see this in person. It is got to come see this in person. It is got to come see this in person. It is beautiful. beautiful. beautiful. Such a beautiful island. We got in the Such a beautiful island. We got in the Such a beautiful island. We got in the elevator. We just did buildings trivia elevator. We just did buildings trivia elevator. We just did buildings trivia and I did really bad. I got 14 out of and I did really bad. I got 14 out of and I did really bad. I got 14 out of somebody else was on deck six and they somebody else was on deck six and they somebody else was on deck six and they were some uh young kids and they were were some uh young kids and they were were some uh young kids and they were excited about the fact that they were excited about the fact that they were excited about the fact that they were getting off at 6 and they're getting off getting off at 6 and they're getting off getting off at 6 and they're getting off at 7, 6, 7. And we came back to the at 7, 6, 7. And we came back to the at 7, 6, 7. And we came back to the room. Oliver didn't have a nap today. We room. Oliver didn't have a nap today. We room. Oliver didn't have a nap today. We tried, tried, tried, &gt;&gt; but he we did not nap. He's very tired, &gt;&gt; but he we did not nap. He's very tired, &gt;&gt; but he we did not nap. He's very tired, though. He he really does need a nap. though. He he really does need a nap. though. He he really does need a nap. But he um woke up and he said or he he But he um woke up and he said or he he But he um woke up and he said or he he got up and he said, "Mommy, I want a got up and he said, "Mommy, I want a got up and he said, "Mommy, I want a color." And I was like, "Okay." So, we color." And I was like, "Okay." So, we color." And I was like, "Okay." So, we just decided to order some room service, just decided to order some room service, just decided to order some room service, which is something we don't normally do. which is something we don't normally do. which is something we don't normally do. I don't know why we don't, but we just I don't know why we don't, but we just I don't know why we don't, but we just normally don't order room service. normally don't order room service. normally don't order room service. &gt;&gt; So, it is included in your Disney &gt;&gt; So, it is included in your Disney &gt;&gt; So, it is included in your Disney cruise. It's totally free of charge. cruise. It's totally free of charge. cruise. It's totally free of charge. They are there are some menu items that They are there are some menu items that They are there are some menu items that you can like pay extra for, but we you can like pay extra for, but we you can like pay extra for, but we didn't order any of those. So, we didn't order any of those. So, we didn't order any of those. So, we thought um we'll show you when it comes, thought um we'll show you when it comes, thought um we'll show you when it comes, but then it's just really the the tip. but then it's just really the the tip. but then it's just really the the tip. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you want to make sure you tip &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you want to make sure you tip &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you want to make sure you tip them for bringing it. But, yeah, we're them for bringing it. But, yeah, we're them for bringing it. But, yeah, we're going to hang out in the room for a going to hang out in the room for a going to hang out in the room for a little bit, color, eat a little bit of little bit, color, eat a little bit of little bit, color, eat a little bit of food, and then there were some crafts, I food, and then there were some crafts, I food, and then there were some crafts, I think, later that they wanted to do. think, later that they wanted to do. think, later that they wanted to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, just been kind of a fun, lazy day. &gt;&gt; So, just been kind of a fun, lazy day. &gt;&gt; So, just been kind of a fun, lazy day. &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; I like it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's perfect. Oh, I wanted to show &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's perfect. Oh, I wanted to show &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's perfect. Oh, I wanted to show you guys too you guys too you guys too &gt;&gt; my &gt;&gt; my &gt;&gt; my &gt;&gt; Oh, your sting. &gt;&gt; Oh, your sting. &gt;&gt; Oh, your sting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty much gone. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty much gone. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty much gone. &gt;&gt; It's good. &gt;&gt; It's good. &gt;&gt; It's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, [laughter] &gt;&gt; I think cuz you pulled that stinger out &gt;&gt; I think cuz you pulled that stinger out &gt;&gt; I think cuz you pulled that stinger out so fast. so fast. so fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it really hurt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it really hurt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it really hurt. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; Like really really hurt. &gt;&gt; Like really really hurt. &gt;&gt; Like really really hurt. &gt;&gt; And then they gave me some I don't know &gt;&gt; And then they gave me some I don't know &gt;&gt; And then they gave me some I don't know if I told them. Did I tell you guys what if I told them. Did I tell you guys what if I told them. Did I tell you guys what they did? they did? they did? &gt;&gt; They gave you some like sting relief. &gt;&gt; They gave you some like sting relief. &gt;&gt; They gave you some like sting relief. &gt;&gt; I went to the first aid office and um it &gt;&gt; I went to the first aid office and um it &gt;&gt; I went to the first aid office and um it looks like a little like a hospital room looks like a little like a hospital room looks like a little like a hospital room kind of and I just told them I just got kind of and I just told them I just got kind of and I just told them I just got stung. I showed them the stinger cuz I stung. I showed them the stinger cuz I stung. I showed them the stinger cuz I still had it on my hand and they said, still had it on my hand and they said, still had it on my hand and they said, "Oh, it looks like a bee." And I was "Oh, it looks like a bee." And I was "Oh, it looks like a bee." And I was like, "Okay, can you do anything for like, "Okay, can you do anything for like, "Okay, can you do anything for me?" And they gave me some itch and me?" And they gave me some itch and me?" And they gave me some itch and sting relief. I put it on there and then sting relief. I put it on there and then sting relief. I put it on there and then was pretty much fine right away. was pretty much fine right away. was pretty much fine right away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; nice work. &gt;&gt; nice work. &gt;&gt; nice work. &gt;&gt; Even like the welt went down. It was &gt;&gt; Even like the welt went down. It was &gt;&gt; Even like the welt went down. It was like a little welt like a little welt like a little welt &gt;&gt; and that went down. So, &gt;&gt; and that went down. So, &gt;&gt; and that went down. So, &gt;&gt; good thing you're not allergic to bees. &gt;&gt; good thing you're not allergic to bees. &gt;&gt; good thing you're not allergic to bees. &gt;&gt; I know. I was like, "What if I was &gt;&gt; I know. I was like, "What if I was &gt;&gt; I know. I was like, "What if I was allergic, allergic, allergic, &gt;&gt; right?" &gt;&gt; right?" &gt;&gt; right?" &gt;&gt; Like I don't know. &gt;&gt; Like I don't know. &gt;&gt; Like I don't know. &gt;&gt; I think you would carry around an &gt;&gt; I think you would carry around an &gt;&gt; I think you would carry around an EpiPen, right? EpiPen, right? EpiPen, right? &gt;&gt; I just like I wouldn't know. Some people &gt;&gt; I just like I wouldn't know. Some people &gt;&gt; I just like I wouldn't know. Some people get allergies later in life. get allergies later in life. get allergies later in life. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's true. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's true. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's true. &gt;&gt; So, I just like would have it would have &gt;&gt; So, I just like would have it would have &gt;&gt; So, I just like would have it would have been I would have found out today, been I would have found out today, been I would have found out today, &gt;&gt; but I did. I found out I'm not allergic &gt;&gt; but I did. I found out I'm not allergic &gt;&gt; but I did. I found out I'm not allergic thankfully. So, thankfully. So, thankfully. So, &gt;&gt; you did it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; you did it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; you did it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; But yeah, it's been a it's been an &gt;&gt; But yeah, it's been a it's been an &gt;&gt; But yeah, it's been a it's been an eventful day. eventful day. eventful day. &gt;&gt; Here's our chicken tenders. We got &gt;&gt; Here's our chicken tenders. We got &gt;&gt; Here's our chicken tenders. We got &gt;&gt; the pi p you called it a pday. This is &gt;&gt; the pi p you called it a pday. This is &gt;&gt; the pi p you called it a pday. This is the lamb and beef. the lamb and beef. the lamb and beef. &gt;&gt; It's like a little pizza. &gt;&gt; It's like a little pizza. &gt;&gt; It's like a little pizza. &gt;&gt; You don't like that? And then I got some &gt;&gt; You don't like that? And then I got some &gt;&gt; You don't like that? And then I got some cream of tomato soup with it comes with cream of tomato soup with it comes with cream of tomato soup with it comes with two little pieces of grilled cheese and two little pieces of grilled cheese and two little pieces of grilled cheese and then the pennet bolognese for Oliver. I then the pennet bolognese for Oliver. I then the pennet bolognese for Oliver. I don't know if he's going to eat it don't know if he's going to eat it don't know if he's going to eat it though. though. though. &gt;&gt; And then I got my cheese plate. They're &gt;&gt; And then I got my cheese plate. They're &gt;&gt; And then I got my cheese plate. They're like a selection of cheeses with some like a selection of cheeses with some like a selection of cheeses with some crackers. And it was just like saltine crackers. And it was just like saltine crackers. And it was just like saltine crackers that they sent me [laughter] crackers that they sent me [laughter] crackers that they sent me [laughter] with some cheeses. All right, Jackson is with some cheeses. All right, Jackson is with some cheeses. All right, Jackson is in the kids club. Oliver and me are in the kids club. Oliver and me are in the kids club. Oliver and me are gonna go meet Stitch. Actually, we came gonna go meet Stitch. Actually, we came gonna go meet Stitch. Actually, we came into Andy's room to do toddler time for into Andy's room to do toddler time for into Andy's room to do toddler time for families cuz we were walking by and the families cuz we were walking by and the families cuz we were walking by and the door was open and it's an open house. door was open and it's an open house. door was open and it's an open house. Oliver has requested we take a a little Oliver has requested we take a a little Oliver has requested we take a a little We were supposed to go see Stitch, but We were supposed to go see Stitch, but We were supposed to go see Stitch, but he has requested a little detour to go he has requested a little detour to go he has requested a little detour to go over here and drive the pirate ship over here and drive the pirate ship over here and drive the pirate ship that's outside of Bibbid Bobby Boutique. that's outside of Bibbid Bobby Boutique. that's outside of Bibbid Bobby Boutique. We're on deck 5. We're on deck 5. We're on deck 5. uh near the atrium if you guys are uh near the atrium if you guys are uh near the atrium if you guys are looking for this thing. Oh, he went past looking for this thing. Oh, he went past looking for this thing. Oh, he went past it. I don't know if he actually wanted it. I don't know if he actually wanted it. I don't know if he actually wanted to play. Oh, there he goes. to play. Oh, there he goes. to play. Oh, there he goes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the thing that you were &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the thing that you were &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the thing that you were playing before. Is that what you wanted playing before. Is that what you wanted playing before. Is that what you wanted to do? There's Stitch. He just showed up to do? There's Stitch. He just showed up to do? There's Stitch. He just showed up for his meet and greets. There we go. for his meet and greets. There we go. for his meet and greets. There we go. We're thrusting away from the island. We're thrusting away from the island. We're thrusting away from the island. Look at how blue the water is. My Look at how blue the water is. My Look at how blue the water is. My goodness, goodness, goodness, [snorts] &gt;&gt; isn't it? We never made it down to see &gt;&gt; isn't it? We never made it down to see &gt;&gt; isn't it? We never made it down to see Stitch. The line goes all the way around Stitch. The line goes all the way around Stitch. The line goes all the way around the atrium. So, we went to go check on the atrium. So, we went to go check on the atrium. So, we went to go check on the wait time for Stitch. It was an hour the wait time for Stitch. It was an hour the wait time for Stitch. It was an hour wait and we Oh, yeah. There's a little wait and we Oh, yeah. There's a little wait and we Oh, yeah. There's a little guy and we didn't have an hour because guy and we didn't have an hour because guy and we didn't have an hour because our dinner is at 5:45 and it's 5:12 now. our dinner is at 5:45 and it's 5:12 now. our dinner is at 5:45 and it's 5:12 now. I wanted to show you guys the sippers I wanted to show you guys the sippers I wanted to show you guys the sippers and the popcorn buckets and stuff. and the popcorn buckets and stuff. and the popcorn buckets and stuff. They're available right now. This one's They're available right now. This one's They're available right now. This one's [music] for Zootopia 2. But look, [music] for Zootopia 2. But look, [music] for Zootopia 2. But look, there's Groot and Stitch. And then there's Groot and Stitch. And then there's Groot and Stitch. And then there's a little Baymax straw for there's a little Baymax straw for there's a little Baymax straw for Christmas. I didn't even realize they Christmas. I didn't even realize they Christmas. I didn't even realize they were showing Zootopia 2 on this cruise. were showing Zootopia 2 on this cruise. were showing Zootopia 2 on this cruise. Could have been watching Zootopia 2. All right, we are back in Animator's Pallet right, we are back in Animator's Pallet right, we are back in Animator's Pallet for Pirate Night, our least favorite for Pirate Night, our least favorite for Pirate Night, our least favorite menu on the cruise. menu on the cruise. menu on the cruise. &gt;&gt; I don't mind it. I like the um Jack's &gt;&gt; I don't mind it. I like the um Jack's &gt;&gt; I don't mind it. I like the um Jack's Treasure of the Seas. I like the Baby Treasure of the Seas. I like the Baby Treasure of the Seas. I like the Baby Gem. I I know, buddy. We're having a Gem. I I know, buddy. We're having a Gem. I I know, buddy. We're having a little bit of a rough day today cuz we little bit of a rough day today cuz we little bit of a rough day today cuz we had no naps. We had a rough time coming had no naps. We had a rough time coming had no naps. We had a rough time coming out of the kids club. It was just all out of the kids club. It was just all out of the kids club. It was just all around a little rough, but now that around a little rough, but now that around a little rough, but now that we're here, I think we're okay. we're here, I think we're okay. we're here, I think we're okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. &gt;&gt; But I wanted to tell you, &gt;&gt; But I wanted to tell you, &gt;&gt; But I wanted to tell you, I'm like halfway through the book. So, I'm like halfway through the book. So, I'm like halfway through the book. So, if you're part of the book club, if you're part of the book club, if you're part of the book club, &gt;&gt; I'm reading it. &gt;&gt; I'm reading it. &gt;&gt; I'm reading it. &gt;&gt; Um Oh, Jackson's going to help me with &gt;&gt; Um Oh, Jackson's going to help me with &gt;&gt; Um Oh, Jackson's going to help me with something, too. something, too. something, too. &gt;&gt; Oliver loves the mango soup, so we get &gt;&gt; Oliver loves the mango soup, so we get &gt;&gt; Oliver loves the mango soup, so we get this every time. this every time. this every time. &gt;&gt; It's a baby gem. &gt;&gt; It's a baby gem. &gt;&gt; It's a baby gem. Oliver got the pennet pasta. [laughter] Oliver got the pennet pasta. [laughter] Oliver got the pennet pasta. [laughter] This is yours. You want that? This is yours. You want that? This is yours. You want that? &gt;&gt; This one. &gt;&gt; I got the jerk chicken. &gt;&gt; I got the jerk chicken. &gt;&gt; I got the jerk chicken. &gt;&gt; And then Jen got Jack's Treasure of the &gt;&gt; And then Jen got Jack's Treasure of the &gt;&gt; And then Jen got Jack's Treasure of the Seas. Seas. Seas. &gt;&gt; So, this I actually really Come on, &gt;&gt; So, this I actually really Come on, &gt;&gt; So, this I actually really Come on, buddy. I actually really like this. I buddy. I actually really like this. I buddy. I actually really like this. I know that I I do want them to update the know that I I do want them to update the know that I I do want them to update the menu, but I like this one. menu, but I like this one. menu, but I like this one. &gt;&gt; Oh, we got a couple of swans after &gt;&gt; Oh, we got a couple of swans after &gt;&gt; Oh, we got a couple of swans after dinner. One of the things that I really dinner. One of the things that I really dinner. One of the things that I really like about Disney cruises is the servers like about Disney cruises is the servers like about Disney cruises is the servers will do things like this. And I don't will do things like this. And I don't will do things like this. And I don't know if they do this. Like if I go on know if they do this. Like if I go on know if they do this. Like if I go on Royal Caribbean, are they going to do Royal Caribbean, are they going to do Royal Caribbean, are they going to do origami for me? Are they going to do origami for me? Are they going to do origami for me? Are they going to do little brain teasers for me? little brain teasers for me? little brain teasers for me? &gt;&gt; Tell us in the comments cuz we've never &gt;&gt; Tell us in the comments cuz we've never &gt;&gt; Tell us in the comments cuz we've never done it. So I don't know. Let us know. done it. So I don't know. Let us know. done it. So I don't know. Let us know. &gt;&gt; I want a brain teaser every night. I'm &gt;&gt; I want a brain teaser every night. I'm &gt;&gt; I want a brain teaser every night. I'm going to tell them if we go on Royal going to tell them if we go on Royal going to tell them if we go on Royal Caribbean, I'm going to be demand a Caribbean, I'm going to be demand a Caribbean, I'm going to be demand a brain teaser. brain teaser. brain teaser. &gt;&gt; They're going to be like, "Sir, &gt;&gt; They're going to be like, "Sir, &gt;&gt; They're going to be like, "Sir, &gt;&gt; be like, "What are you talking about? We &gt;&gt; be like, "What are you talking about? We &gt;&gt; be like, "What are you talking about? We got the kids brownie. It's pretty big got the kids brownie. It's pretty big got the kids brownie. It's pretty big for kids. It's some sort of like uh for kids. It's some sort of like uh for kids. It's some sort of like uh &gt;&gt; It's always like It's like like Davy &gt;&gt; It's always like It's like like Davy &gt;&gt; It's always like It's like like Davy Jones. Jones. Jones. &gt;&gt; Wa. &gt;&gt; Wa. &gt;&gt; Wa. &gt;&gt; All right. It's humid out. You can see &gt;&gt; All right. It's humid out. You can see &gt;&gt; All right. It's humid out. You can see my camera got all fogged up. my camera got all fogged up. my camera got all fogged up. &gt;&gt; We're here for Pirates. Mickey's Pirates &gt;&gt; We're here for Pirates. Mickey's Pirates &gt;&gt; We're here for Pirates. Mickey's Pirates in the Caribbean. Look at this. I don't in the Caribbean. Look at this. I don't in the Caribbean. Look at this. I don't know if like the the machinery stopped know if like the the machinery stopped know if like the the machinery stopped working or what, but it like didn't working or what, but it like didn't working or what, but it like didn't raise all the way up. Jackson, what did raise all the way up. Jackson, what did raise all the way up. Jackson, what did what did Goofy say? That was so funny. &gt;&gt; He said poop deck. What? What? What? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Don't cut that out, Mommy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Don't cut that out, Mommy. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Don't cut that out, Mommy. &gt;&gt; A pirate jig. &gt;&gt; A pirate jig. &gt;&gt; A pirate jig. &gt;&gt; Oh, we got to dance a pirate jig. &gt;&gt; Oh, we got to dance a pirate jig. &gt;&gt; Oh, we got to dance a pirate jig. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I missed that part. &gt;&gt; Oh, I missed that part. &gt;&gt; Oh, I missed that part. Oh, big burp. Got to do a big burp. &gt;&gt; I now declare all of you official &gt;&gt; I now declare all of you official &gt;&gt; I now declare all of you official members of my pirate. members of my pirate. members of my pirate. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; Oh no, there's a pirate up there. &gt;&gt; Oh no, there's a pirate up there. &gt;&gt; Oh no, there's a pirate up there. rats. rats. rats. &gt;&gt; What's he doing? &gt;&gt; Is a godfish. &gt;&gt; Is a godfish. &gt;&gt; Is a godfish. &gt;&gt; See you on our next adventure. &gt;&gt; See you on our next adventure. &gt;&gt; See you on our next adventure. &gt;&gt; Have fun hearties. &gt;&gt; Have fun hearties. &gt;&gt; Have fun hearties. See you pirates later. See you pirates later. See you pirates later. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the crew everyone. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the crew everyone. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the crew everyone. &gt;&gt; After watching that pirate show, one &gt;&gt; After watching that pirate show, one &gt;&gt; After watching that pirate show, one thing I wanted to mention is that thing I wanted to mention is that thing I wanted to mention is that Fantasy just got out of dry dock and one Fantasy just got out of dry dock and one Fantasy just got out of dry dock and one of the things that they added was LCD of the things that they added was LCD of the things that they added was LCD panels underneath Funnel Vision. So now panels underneath Funnel Vision. So now panels underneath Funnel Vision. So now during the sail away, during the pirate during the sail away, during the pirate during the sail away, during the pirate show, they don't have to put up like show, they don't have to put up like show, they don't have to put up like uh like what do you even call those? uh like what do you even call those? uh like what do you even call those? Like cloth barriers. Now it's LCD fans. Like cloth barriers. Now it's LCD fans. Like cloth barriers. Now it's LCD fans. Oh, it's dark in here. I just did pirate Oh, it's dark in here. I just did pirate Oh, it's dark in here. I just did pirate trivia. The only questions that I knew trivia. The only questions that I knew trivia. The only questions that I knew were the ones about the Muppets Treasure were the ones about the Muppets Treasure were the ones about the Muppets Treasure Island. Uh everything else was I got Island. Uh everything else was I got Island. Uh everything else was I got mostly wrong. There was a few that I did mostly wrong. There was a few that I did mostly wrong. There was a few that I did get right like what is a cutless? I knew get right like what is a cutless? I knew get right like what is a cutless? I knew what that is. It's a sword, [music] what that is. It's a sword, [music] what that is. It's a sword, [music] but most of them I don't know. Oh, now but most of them I don't know. Oh, now but most of them I don't know. Oh, now I'm headed to go do movie music trivia. I'm headed to go do movie music trivia. I'm headed to go do movie music trivia. We'll see how that goes. Not very good We'll see how that goes. Not very good We'll see how that goes. Not very good at it, but I like to go to trivia no at it, but I like to go to trivia no at it, but I like to go to trivia no matter what. Came into the tube to do matter what. Came into the tube to do matter what. Came into the tube to do some trivia. I like how the ceiling is some trivia. I like how the ceiling is some trivia. I like how the ceiling is Big Ben and everything else is themed to Big Ben and everything else is themed to Big Ben and everything else is themed to the London tube. And here like these are the London tube. And here like these are the London tube. And here like these are all maps and these I guess would be like all maps and these I guess would be like all maps and these I guess would be like your not like your ticket and then how your not like your ticket and then how your not like your ticket and then how you can hold on to the railings. I do you can hold on to the railings. I do you can hold on to the railings. I do like that all of these different spaces like that all of these different spaces like that all of these different spaces are totally different on all the ships. are totally different on all the ships. are totally different on all the ships. Like this you will only find on the Like this you will only find on the Like this you will only find on the fantasy. The tube is my movie music fantasy. The tube is my movie music fantasy. The tube is my movie music trivia. I got 36 out of 40. I trivia. I got 36 out of 40. I trivia. I got 36 out of 40. I &gt;&gt; feel like I did pretty good. Always &gt;&gt; feel like I did pretty good. Always &gt;&gt; feel like I did pretty good. Always feels like you come so close. I got 36. feels like you come so close. I got 36. feels like you come so close. I got 36. The winner got 38. If I had just gotten The winner got 38. If I had just gotten The winner got 38. If I had just gotten one more movie right or one more song one more movie right or one more song one more movie right or one more song right, we would have been tied. No. No. right, we would have been tied. No. No. right, we would have been tied. No. No. I mean like one more. You know what I I mean like one more. You know what I I mean like one more. You know what I mean? If I had gotten two more answers, mean? If I had gotten two more answers, mean? If I had gotten two more answers, two more points would have been tied. So two more points would have been tied. So two more points would have been tied. So close. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; the next morning. It's uh time for &gt;&gt; the next morning. It's uh time for &gt;&gt; the next morning. It's uh time for Cabanas. Okay, we made it to Cabanas and Cabanas. Okay, we made it to Cabanas and Cabanas. Okay, we made it to Cabanas and today today today &gt;&gt; Churro waffle day. Last day at sea. &gt;&gt; Churro waffle day. Last day at sea. &gt;&gt; Churro waffle day. Last day at sea. &gt;&gt; Everything else is pretty much the same &gt;&gt; Everything else is pretty much the same &gt;&gt; Everything else is pretty much the same as we've been getting every morning. as we've been getting every morning. as we've been getting every morning. &gt;&gt; Okay, we came back to the room for a &gt;&gt; Okay, we came back to the room for a &gt;&gt; Okay, we came back to the room for a minute to go to the bathroom. You can minute to go to the bathroom. You can minute to go to the bathroom. You can hear the toilet flushing. But we're hear the toilet flushing. But we're hear the toilet flushing. But we're going to head over to the Oceaner lab going to head over to the Oceaner lab going to head over to the Oceaner lab because we're going to catch try to because we're going to catch try to because we're going to catch try to catch the last few minutes of Piston Cup catch the last few minutes of Piston Cup catch the last few minutes of Piston Cup Challenge. So, let's go. We have to Challenge. So, let's go. We have to Challenge. So, let's go. We have to leave this in the lab. leave this in the lab. leave this in the lab. &gt;&gt; You're going to go to the lab with us. &gt;&gt; You're going to go to the lab with us. &gt;&gt; You're going to go to the lab with us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ooh. Oliver, show me. What are you &gt;&gt; Ooh. Oliver, show me. What are you &gt;&gt; Ooh. Oliver, show me. What are you doing, bud? So, they have this big like doing, bud? So, they have this big like doing, bud? So, they have this big like interactive floor. They have these, I interactive floor. They have these, I interactive floor. They have these, I think, in all the kids clubs. think, in all the kids clubs. think, in all the kids clubs. &gt;&gt; Oh, the magic play floor. &gt;&gt; Oh, the magic play floor. &gt;&gt; Oh, the magic play floor. &gt;&gt; The magic play floor. Oliver, can you &gt;&gt; The magic play floor. Oliver, can you &gt;&gt; The magic play floor. Oliver, can you show me? show me? show me? &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. Wa. That's pretty cool. Occasionally one Wa. That's pretty cool. Occasionally one Wa. That's pretty cool. Occasionally one spot that I've stepped gets stuck. spot that I've stepped gets stuck. spot that I've stepped gets stuck. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Jump, jump, jump. &gt;&gt; Jump, jump, jump. &gt;&gt; Jump, jump, jump. &gt;&gt; All right, so Jackson is in the kids &gt;&gt; All right, so Jackson is in the kids &gt;&gt; All right, so Jackson is in the kids club. We are doing the Muppets Midship club. We are doing the Muppets Midship club. We are doing the Muppets Midship Detective Agency. All right, where's our Detective Agency. All right, where's our Detective Agency. All right, where's our next painting? next painting? next painting? &gt;&gt; Our next &gt;&gt; Our next &gt;&gt; Our next &gt;&gt; over here, buddy. Let's see. Where's the &gt;&gt; over here, buddy. Let's see. Where's the &gt;&gt; over here, buddy. Let's see. Where's the thing on the ground? thing on the ground? thing on the ground? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you got to look for this thing &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you got to look for this thing &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you got to look for this thing on the ground. on the ground. on the ground. &gt;&gt; Let's have a look. All right, hold up &gt;&gt; Let's have a look. All right, hold up &gt;&gt; Let's have a look. All right, hold up your badge. There you go. your badge. There you go. your badge. There you go. &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; Line it up. &gt;&gt; Line it up. &gt;&gt; Line it up. &gt;&gt; Good job. You did it. &gt;&gt; Good job. You did it. &gt;&gt; Good job. You did it. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's Mulan. Oh, he's like, I'm &gt;&gt; Oh, there's Mulan. Oh, he's like, I'm &gt;&gt; Oh, there's Mulan. Oh, he's like, I'm going to go to the movie theater. I need going to go to the movie theater. I need going to go to the movie theater. I need to learn what about onboard shopping. to learn what about onboard shopping. to learn what about onboard shopping. &gt;&gt; He needs to see Avatar Fire and Ash. &gt;&gt; He needs to see Avatar Fire and Ash. &gt;&gt; He needs to see Avatar Fire and Ash. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He was We watched that &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He was We watched that &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He was We watched that yesterday. yesterday. yesterday. &gt;&gt; You did? [music] &gt;&gt; You did? [music] &gt;&gt; You did? [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Me and Oliver. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Me and Oliver. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Me and Oliver. &gt;&gt; You were in the room. Yeah. You missed &gt;&gt; You were in the room. Yeah. You missed &gt;&gt; You were in the room. Yeah. You missed it. it. it. &gt;&gt; The whole movie. &gt;&gt; The whole movie. &gt;&gt; The whole movie. &gt;&gt; No. So, we do have the Santa thing &gt;&gt; No. So, we do have the Santa thing &gt;&gt; No. So, we do have the Santa thing happening today at 1:15, but Dom I happening today at 1:15, but Dom I happening today at 1:15, but Dom I thought the characters would be in their thought the characters would be in their thought the characters would be in their Christmas outfits. They're not. They're Christmas outfits. They're not. They're Christmas outfits. They're not. They're in their regular sailing outfits. So, we in their regular sailing outfits. So, we in their regular sailing outfits. So, we missed that. That was on the day the missed that. That was on the day the missed that. That was on the day the first day. first day. first day. &gt;&gt; Oh, shoot. Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, shoot. Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, shoot. Okay. &gt;&gt; For Nassau Day. &gt;&gt; For Nassau Day. &gt;&gt; For Nassau Day. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; So, we could we'll ask when we go to the &gt;&gt; So, we could we'll ask when we go to the &gt;&gt; So, we could we'll ask when we go to the Santa thing. will ask if they're going Santa thing. will ask if they're going Santa thing. will ask if they're going to come back out later in their to come back out later in their to come back out later in their Christmas outfits. I don't think so, Christmas outfits. I don't think so, Christmas outfits. I don't think so, though. though. though. &gt;&gt; That's good to know, though. I wish I'd &gt;&gt; That's good to know, though. I wish I'd &gt;&gt; That's good to know, though. I wish I'd known that. known that. known that. &gt;&gt; I can't move. I have a small child &gt;&gt; I can't move. I have a small child &gt;&gt; I can't move. I have a small child standing on my toes. While we're playing standing on my toes. While we're playing standing on my toes. While we're playing this game, right next to it, there's all this game, right next to it, there's all this game, right next to it, there's all kinds of pictures of them making the kinds of pictures of them making the kinds of pictures of them making the fantasy. fantasy. fantasy. &gt;&gt; We have to try to melt the ice. &gt;&gt; We have to try to melt the ice. &gt;&gt; We have to try to melt the ice. &gt;&gt; We have reached our last thing with our &gt;&gt; We have reached our last thing with our &gt;&gt; We have reached our last thing with our midship detective agency. We believe midship detective agency. We believe midship detective agency. We believe that it is that it is that it is &gt;&gt; Bobo. I think so. &gt;&gt; Bobo. I think so. &gt;&gt; Bobo. I think so. &gt;&gt; The security guard. His pants caught on &gt;&gt; The security guard. His pants caught on &gt;&gt; The security guard. His pants caught on fire. So, fire. So, fire. So, &gt;&gt; oh, Doctor Strange. &gt;&gt; oh, Doctor Strange. &gt;&gt; oh, Doctor Strange. &gt;&gt; There he is. We did it. &gt;&gt; Took the proper stolen. &gt;&gt; Took the proper stolen. &gt;&gt; Took the proper stolen. We didn't need your bunnial security. We didn't need your bunnial security. We didn't need your bunnial security. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, he stole it. &gt;&gt; Oh, he stole it. &gt;&gt; Oh, he stole it. &gt;&gt; Security. &gt;&gt; Security. &gt;&gt; Security. &gt;&gt; That's a good idea. Cafe is dressed like &gt;&gt; That's a good idea. Cafe is dressed like &gt;&gt; That's a good idea. Cafe is dressed like the rock. That's blue. the rock. That's blue. the rock. That's blue. &gt;&gt; Okay, so Jackson, we me and Jackson are &gt;&gt; Okay, so Jackson, we me and Jackson are &gt;&gt; Okay, so Jackson, we me and Jackson are down in the lobby in the atrium and we down in the lobby in the atrium and we down in the lobby in the atrium and we are in line for Santa right now. Oliver are in line for Santa right now. Oliver are in line for Santa right now. Oliver didn't end up making it because it was didn't end up making it because it was didn't end up making it because it was just a little bit too close to his nap just a little bit too close to his nap just a little bit too close to his nap time. We thought for sure we could like time. We thought for sure we could like time. We thought for sure we could like push it and and still meet Santa, but push it and and still meet Santa, but push it and and still meet Santa, but Oliver was not having that. So, we're Oliver was not having that. So, we're Oliver was not having that. So, we're [music] going to try to have Oliver meet [music] going to try to have Oliver meet [music] going to try to have Oliver meet Santa at 7:30. That's the last time you Santa at 7:30. That's the last time you Santa at 7:30. That's the last time you can meet Santa on this cruise. We'll can meet Santa on this cruise. We'll can meet Santa on this cruise. We'll see. Fingers crossed for us that we can see. Fingers crossed for us that we can see. Fingers crossed for us that we can meet him. But if not, we can always meet meet him. But if not, we can always meet meet him. But if not, we can always meet him when we get back home. him when we get back home. him when we get back home. So, Jackson's in his pajamas. Oliver's So, Jackson's in his pajamas. Oliver's So, Jackson's in his pajamas. Oliver's also in his pajamas. also in his pajamas. also in his pajamas. But, uh, what do you what do you have to But, uh, what do you what do you have to But, uh, what do you what do you have to show Santa? show Santa? show Santa? &gt;&gt; Both of my &gt;&gt; Both of my &gt;&gt; Both of my &gt;&gt; both of your lists. Can I see? [music] &gt;&gt; both of your lists. Can I see? [music] &gt;&gt; both of your lists. Can I see? [music] Let's look. So, he's got his list um Let's look. So, he's got his list um Let's look. So, he's got his list um with priority priority stars. This is a with priority priority stars. This is a with priority priority stars. This is a second list with stars that show what's second list with stars that show what's second list with stars that show what's the most the most the most What are the um the things he wants the What are the um the things he wants the What are the um the things he wants the most? And he's going to tell Santa his most? And he's going to tell Santa his most? And he's going to tell Santa his entire list. He said, entire list. He said, entire list. He said, &gt;&gt; "Yeah, maybe." Okay. &gt;&gt; "Yeah, maybe." Okay. &gt;&gt; "Yeah, maybe." Okay. &gt;&gt; Definitely bring me the whole &gt;&gt; Definitely bring me the whole &gt;&gt; Definitely bring me the whole number one thing he said he wanted was number one thing he said he wanted was number one thing he said he wanted was Beyblades. So, I did tell him though Beyblades. So, I did tell him though Beyblades. So, I did tell him though that Beyblades are really for eight and that Beyblades are really for eight and that Beyblades are really for eight and up. So, maybe Santa can get creative and up. So, maybe Santa can get creative and up. So, maybe Santa can get creative and find something that's Beyblade like in find something that's Beyblade like in find something that's Beyblade like in your age range. your age range. your age range. &gt;&gt; What do you think? &gt;&gt; What do you think? &gt;&gt; What do you think? I think they have something like a I think they have something like a I think they have something like a Beyblade but for for a six-year-old. Beyblade but for for a six-year-old. Beyblade but for for a six-year-old. &gt;&gt; We'll see. We'll see what happens on &gt;&gt; We'll see. We'll see what happens on &gt;&gt; We'll see. We'll see what happens on Christmas. &gt;&gt; There he is. &gt;&gt; There he is. &gt;&gt; There he is. &gt;&gt; Very good choice. Yes. &gt;&gt; Very good choice. Yes. &gt;&gt; Very good choice. Yes. What kind of phone? You want the one What kind of phone? You want the one What kind of phone? You want the one that like can you do this and has a that like can you do this and has a that like can you do this and has a cord? cord? cord? &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. All right. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. All right. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. All right. &gt;&gt; I told him I said maybe maybe we might &gt;&gt; I told him I said maybe maybe we might &gt;&gt; I told him I said maybe maybe we might wait on the phone. wait on the phone. wait on the phone. &gt;&gt; The old rotary dial maybe. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; The old rotary dial maybe. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; The old rotary dial maybe. Oh, yeah. Maybe maybe an old type an old school Maybe maybe an old type an old school Maybe maybe an old type an old school phone. phone. phone. &gt;&gt; Is this another story? Let me take a &gt;&gt; Is this another story? Let me take a &gt;&gt; Is this another story? Let me take a look. Let me take a look. look. Let me take a look. look. Let me take a look. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; Good choice there. &gt;&gt; Good choice there. &gt;&gt; Good choice there. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You going to do some Christmas yoga? &gt;&gt; You going to do some Christmas yoga? &gt;&gt; You going to do some Christmas yoga? &gt;&gt; You want to stand like that? Okay. We're &gt;&gt; You want to stand like that? Okay. We're &gt;&gt; You want to stand like that? Okay. We're doing a little Christmas yoga here. doing a little Christmas yoga here. doing a little Christmas yoga here. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. This is one of the backdrops they have This is one of the backdrops they have This is one of the backdrops they have by [laughter] by [laughter] by [laughter] the tree. by the tree. Oh yeah, look at the tree. by the tree. Oh yeah, look at the tree. by the tree. Oh yeah, look at that. All right, so we came out onto the that. All right, so we came out onto the that. All right, so we came out onto the deck. I was reading my book for a little deck. I was reading my book for a little deck. I was reading my book for a little bit. Jackson was playing his game for a bit. Jackson was playing his game for a bit. Jackson was playing his game for a minute, but now it's time to go see the minute, but now it's time to go see the minute, but now it's time to go see the carolers. Let's go check them out. carolers. Let's go check them out. carolers. Let's go check them out. They're going to be in the atrium. We're They're going to be in the atrium. We're They're going to be in the atrium. We're heading inside to see if we can see the heading inside to see if we can see the heading inside to see if we can see the carolers. They are in the atrium right carolers. They are in the atrium right carolers. They are in the atrium right now. Okay, we got a couple of little now. Okay, we got a couple of little now. Okay, we got a couple of little sweet treats from the coffee shop up sweet treats from the coffee shop up sweet treats from the coffee shop up there. And then the carolers are going there. And then the carolers are going there. And then the carolers are going to sing right here. You see them up to sing right here. You see them up to sing right here. You see them up there? there? there? [music and singing] Welcome friends. We are the very merry Welcome friends. We are the very merry Welcome friends. We are the very merry time carers and we're excited to share time carers and we're excited to share time carers and we're excited to share our voices with you today and express our voices with you today and express our voices with you today and express holiday cheerful [singing] holiday cheerful [singing] holiday cheerful [singing] [music] [music] [music] time time time of the year [singing] of the year [singing] of the year [singing] of the year. of the year. of the year. How [singing and music] is she today? I want to go to life. I want to go to life. I want to go to life. Let's have a party. [music] Let's have a party. [music] Let's have a party. [music] Gather around the table with love with love with love [singing and music] [singing and music] [singing and music] night. night. night. Holy [singing and music] Holy [singing and music] Holy [singing and music] night. [singing] [singing] [singing] [music] We want to wish you a merry. We want to wish you a merry. We want to wish you a merry. We want to wish you a merry. We want to wish you a merry. We want to wish you a merry. We want to wish you a merry Christmas We want to wish you a merry Christmas We want to wish you a merry Christmas from the bottom [singing] of our hearts. from the bottom [singing] of our hearts. from the bottom [singing] of our hearts. &gt;&gt; All right. So Oliver had a little nap. &gt;&gt; All right. So Oliver had a little nap. &gt;&gt; All right. So Oliver had a little nap. After his nap, he asked to go into the After his nap, he asked to go into the After his nap, he asked to go into the Small World Nursery. So, we took him in Small World Nursery. So, we took him in Small World Nursery. So, we took him in there and Jackson wanted to go in the there and Jackson wanted to go in the there and Jackson wanted to go in the kids club. So, we took him in there and kids club. So, we took him in there and kids club. So, we took him in there and that gave us time to pack up our bags that gave us time to pack up our bags that gave us time to pack up our bags for [music] tonight. for [music] tonight. for [music] tonight. &gt;&gt; We did. We packed good. &gt;&gt; We did. We packed good. &gt;&gt; We did. We packed good. &gt;&gt; We're good to go cuz today is the last &gt;&gt; We're good to go cuz today is the last &gt;&gt; We're good to go cuz today is the last day of our cruise. Last cruise 2025. Our day of our cruise. Last cruise 2025. Our day of our cruise. Last cruise 2025. Our seventh ship of the of the year. seventh ship of the of the year. seventh ship of the of the year. Exciting. So, we're picking up Oliver Exciting. So, we're picking up Oliver Exciting. So, we're picking up Oliver now for dinner and then we're going to now for dinner and then we're going to now for dinner and then we're going to go pick up Jackson for dinner, too. go pick up Jackson for dinner, too. go pick up Jackson for dinner, too. Sounds like Marco's playing remember me. Sounds like Marco's playing remember me. Sounds like Marco's playing remember me. Oh, is this not Marco? Oh, is this not Marco? Oh, is this not Marco? Somebody else down there playing Somebody else down there playing Somebody else down there playing remember me. [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Think I ever realized maybe they added &gt;&gt; Think I ever realized maybe they added &gt;&gt; Think I ever realized maybe they added this during dry dock, but there is a DVC this during dry dock, but there is a DVC this during dry dock, but there is a DVC space here outside of Enchanted Garden space here outside of Enchanted Garden space here outside of Enchanted Garden on two. We're headed to dinner at on two. We're headed to dinner at on two. We're headed to dinner at Enchanted Garden. Still daytime in the Enchanted Garden. Still daytime in the Enchanted Garden. Still daytime in the Enchanted Garden. As dinner progresses, Enchanted Garden. As dinner progresses, Enchanted Garden. As dinner progresses, nighttime will fall upon us. Here's a nighttime will fall upon us. Here's a nighttime will fall upon us. Here's a look at the kids menu. Broccoli and look at the kids menu. Broccoli and look at the kids menu. Broccoli and cheddar soup, garden salad with your cheddar soup, garden salad with your cheddar soup, garden salad with your favorite choice of dressing, breaded favorite choice of dressing, breaded favorite choice of dressing, breaded fish nuggets with tartar mayonnaise, mac fish nuggets with tartar mayonnaise, mac fish nuggets with tartar mayonnaise, mac and cheese, crusty cheese pizza. and cheese, crusty cheese pizza. and cheese, crusty cheese pizza. &gt;&gt; It's a weird way of saying it. Why &gt;&gt; It's a weird way of saying it. Why &gt;&gt; It's a weird way of saying it. Why wouldn't you just say cheese pizza? wouldn't you just say cheese pizza? wouldn't you just say cheese pizza? &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Because it's from yesterday. &gt;&gt; Because it's from yesterday. &gt;&gt; Because it's from yesterday. &gt;&gt; It's crusty. &gt;&gt; It's crusty. &gt;&gt; It's crusty. grilled beef tenderloin grilled beef tenderloin grilled beef tenderloin or the whole wheat pasta. There's my or the whole wheat pasta. There's my or the whole wheat pasta. There's my wedge salad right there. wedge salad right there. wedge salad right there. &gt;&gt; I love it. And Jen got the garden roll. &gt;&gt; I love it. And Jen got the garden roll. &gt;&gt; I love it. And Jen got the garden roll. It's so small. And Jen got her tuna It's so small. And Jen got her tuna It's so small. And Jen got her tuna tower. tower. tower. &gt;&gt; The tuna and avocado tower. And I put a &gt;&gt; The tuna and avocado tower. And I put a &gt;&gt; The tuna and avocado tower. And I put a little soy sauce on there. little soy sauce on there. little soy sauce on there. &gt;&gt; What's this? &gt;&gt; What's this? &gt;&gt; What's this? &gt;&gt; That's the wasabi cream. &gt;&gt; That's the wasabi cream. &gt;&gt; That's the wasabi cream. &gt;&gt; Oliver is eating his broccoli soup. I &gt;&gt; Oliver is eating his broccoli soup. I &gt;&gt; Oliver is eating his broccoli soup. I don't know why this kid loves soup so don't know why this kid loves soup so don't know why this kid loves soup so much, but he does. Oh. Oh my goodness. much, but he does. Oh. Oh my goodness. much, but he does. Oh. Oh my goodness. Look at that. That's some wild mushroom Look at that. That's some wild mushroom Look at that. That's some wild mushroom right there. It's a wild mushroom tart right there. It's a wild mushroom tart right there. It's a wild mushroom tart with applewood smoked bacon. Oh yeah, with applewood smoked bacon. Oh yeah, with applewood smoked bacon. Oh yeah, look at this pork. Looks pretty good. look at this pork. Looks pretty good. look at this pork. Looks pretty good. And this is a corvina. And this is a corvina. And this is a corvina. &gt;&gt; I remember I really liked this. It's got &gt;&gt; I remember I really liked this. It's got &gt;&gt; I remember I really liked this. It's got like a fennel shaving with some like like a fennel shaving with some like like a fennel shaving with some like dill. There's a risoto underneath. It dill. There's a risoto underneath. It dill. There's a risoto underneath. It was really light. was really light. was really light. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. You ate two pieces of chicken at &gt;&gt; Uhoh. You ate two pieces of chicken at &gt;&gt; Uhoh. You ate two pieces of chicken at one time. one time. one time. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; And this has pork in it. I don't &gt;&gt; And this has pork in it. I don't &gt;&gt; And this has pork in it. I don't remember what's in it. remember what's in it. remember what's in it. &gt;&gt; Pork medallions with like potato &gt;&gt; Pork medallions with like potato &gt;&gt; Pork medallions with like potato pancakes and uh sour cream. pancakes and uh sour cream. pancakes and uh sour cream. &gt;&gt; What are these? Is this like margarm &gt;&gt; What are these? Is this like margarm &gt;&gt; What are these? Is this like margarm here? What is this thing that's huge on here? What is this thing that's huge on here? What is this thing that's huge on here? here? here? &gt;&gt; It's ter I think it's teragon. &gt;&gt; It's ter I think it's teragon. &gt;&gt; It's ter I think it's teragon. &gt;&gt; Teragon. My goodness. &gt;&gt; Teragon. My goodness. &gt;&gt; Teragon. My goodness. &gt;&gt; Yes, that was so good. &gt;&gt; All right, this is a peanut butter and &gt;&gt; All right, this is a peanut butter and &gt;&gt; All right, this is a peanut butter and chocolate ice cream sundae. Oh, the chocolate ice cream sundae. Oh, the chocolate ice cream sundae. Oh, the biggest one that I've had this entire biggest one that I've had this entire biggest one that I've had this entire trip. It's a piece of cookie. It's not a trip. It's a piece of cookie. It's not a trip. It's a piece of cookie. It's not a cake. It's calling this crouton. As cake. It's calling this crouton. As cake. It's calling this crouton. As we're leaving, you can see the stars are we're leaving, you can see the stars are we're leaving, you can see the stars are out cuz it has switched from day into out cuz it has switched from day into out cuz it has switched from day into night. Jen and Jackson got to see Santa night. Jen and Jackson got to see Santa night. Jen and Jackson got to see Santa earlier. Look at the line now to see earlier. Look at the line now to see earlier. Look at the line now to see Santa. There was only just a few people Santa. There was only just a few people Santa. There was only just a few people ahead of them when they saw them. ahead of them when they saw them. ahead of them when they saw them. There's Minnie in her holiday outfit There's Minnie in her holiday outfit There's Minnie in her holiday outfit right there. So, they did switch into right there. So, they did switch into right there. So, they did switch into their holiday outfits later in the their holiday outfits later in the their holiday outfits later in the evening. All right, so we came back into evening. All right, so we came back into evening. All right, so we came back into the room and we got a sea turtle. the room and we got a sea turtle. the room and we got a sea turtle. &gt;&gt; I love the chocolate eyes. &gt;&gt; I love the chocolate eyes. &gt;&gt; I love the chocolate eyes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love the eyeballs. I think &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love the eyeballs. I think &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love the eyeballs. I think that's a good touch. Okay, you guys want that's a good touch. Okay, you guys want that's a good touch. Okay, you guys want to smash him? to smash him? to smash him? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They they love destroying the animal. &gt;&gt; They they love destroying the animal. &gt;&gt; They they love destroying the animal. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Whoa. That's been our favorite thing &gt;&gt; Whoa. That's been our favorite thing &gt;&gt; Whoa. That's been our favorite thing every night. Okay, we did it. every night. Okay, we did it. every night. Okay, we did it. &gt;&gt; Made it back to the room. I hope nobody &gt;&gt; Made it back to the room. I hope nobody &gt;&gt; Made it back to the room. I hope nobody knocked down the the towel animal before knocked down the the towel animal before knocked down the the towel animal before I could see it. I could see it. I could see it. &gt;&gt; I already showed them. &gt;&gt; I already showed them. &gt;&gt; I already showed them. &gt;&gt; Oh, it was a turtle. &gt;&gt; Oh, it was a turtle. &gt;&gt; Oh, it was a turtle. &gt;&gt; Some little chocolate eyes. &gt;&gt; Some little chocolate eyes. &gt;&gt; Some little chocolate eyes. &gt;&gt; You missed it. It was a little turtle &gt;&gt; You missed it. It was a little turtle &gt;&gt; You missed it. It was a little turtle guy. guy. guy. &gt;&gt; What was that? &gt;&gt; What was that? &gt;&gt; What was that? &gt;&gt; Should I wear these pajamas to bed? &gt;&gt; Should I wear these pajamas to bed? &gt;&gt; Should I wear these pajamas to bed? &gt;&gt; To bed? I guess. I mean, &gt;&gt; To bed? I guess. I mean, &gt;&gt; To bed? I guess. I mean, &gt;&gt; them last night. &gt;&gt; them last night. &gt;&gt; them last night. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Show them your favorite part &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Show them your favorite part &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. Show them your favorite part of the shower. of the shower. of the shower. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to show them. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to show them. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to show them. &gt;&gt; Oh, you can't even see it. Doesn't even &gt;&gt; Oh, you can't even see it. Doesn't even &gt;&gt; Oh, you can't even see it. Doesn't even look wet. look wet. look wet. &gt;&gt; Oh, let me come down to the bathroom. &gt;&gt; Oh, let me come down to the bathroom. &gt;&gt; Oh, let me come down to the bathroom. So, if you're filling up, So, if you're filling up, So, if you're filling up, &gt;&gt; you can barely tell, but it is like &gt;&gt; you can barely tell, but it is like &gt;&gt; you can barely tell, but it is like soaking wet over here. soaking wet over here. soaking wet over here. &gt;&gt; So, um &gt;&gt; So, um &gt;&gt; So, um &gt;&gt; right there. &gt;&gt; right there. &gt;&gt; right there. &gt;&gt; It's right there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; It's right there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; It's right there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you can see it, buddy. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; you can see it, buddy. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; you can see it, buddy. Oh, yeah. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, so if you would like to fill up the &gt;&gt; Um, so if you would like to fill up the &gt;&gt; Um, so if you would like to fill up the tub, you turn the knob towards the tub. tub, you turn the knob towards the tub. tub, you turn the knob towards the tub. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you'd like to use the shower, you &gt;&gt; If you'd like to use the shower, you &gt;&gt; If you'd like to use the shower, you turn it towards the shower. turn it towards the shower. turn it towards the shower. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it makes perfect sense. &gt;&gt; it makes perfect sense. &gt;&gt; it makes perfect sense. &gt;&gt; I just leave it twice now. &gt;&gt; I just leave it twice now. &gt;&gt; I just leave it twice now. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; I've uh &gt;&gt; I've uh &gt;&gt; I've uh &gt;&gt; showered yourself. &gt;&gt; showered yourself. &gt;&gt; showered yourself. &gt;&gt; Showered myself. You just leave it. &gt;&gt; Showered myself. You just leave it. &gt;&gt; Showered myself. You just leave it. What? I just leave it like in the What? I just leave it like in the What? I just leave it like in the middle. middle. middle. &gt;&gt; That's off. &gt;&gt; That's off. &gt;&gt; That's off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you fill the tub if it's off? &gt;&gt; How do you fill the tub if it's off? &gt;&gt; How do you fill the tub if it's off? [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know. I guess I just pick the &gt;&gt; I don't know. I guess I just pick the &gt;&gt; I don't know. I guess I just pick the right one each time. right one each time. right one each time. &gt;&gt; It's It makes sense. It's intuitive. You &gt;&gt; It's It makes sense. It's intuitive. You &gt;&gt; It's It makes sense. It's intuitive. You turn it towards the tub if you want to turn it towards the tub if you want to turn it towards the tub if you want to fill [laughter] up the tub. You turn it fill [laughter] up the tub. You turn it fill [laughter] up the tub. You turn it towards the wall if you wanted to use towards the wall if you wanted to use towards the wall if you wanted to use the wall. the wall. the wall. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; But I don't know why. I'm just like I &gt;&gt; But I don't know why. I'm just like I &gt;&gt; But I don't know why. I'm just like I think it's this way. think it's this way. think it's this way. &gt;&gt; Is daddy so silly? &gt;&gt; Is daddy so silly? &gt;&gt; Is daddy so silly? &gt;&gt; Shower. &gt;&gt; Shower. &gt;&gt; Shower. &gt;&gt; The wall is the shower. Oh. &gt;&gt; The wall is the shower. Oh. &gt;&gt; The wall is the shower. Oh. &gt;&gt; Did you have a fun cruise, buddy? Yeah, &gt;&gt; Did you have a fun cruise, buddy? Yeah, &gt;&gt; Did you have a fun cruise, buddy? Yeah, &gt;&gt; you did. What was your favorite part of &gt;&gt; you did. What was your favorite part of &gt;&gt; you did. What was your favorite part of the cruise? the cruise? the cruise? &gt;&gt; Um, getting ice cream. &gt;&gt; Um, getting ice cream. &gt;&gt; Um, getting ice cream. &gt;&gt; Getting ice cream was your favorite &gt;&gt; Getting ice cream was your favorite &gt;&gt; Getting ice cream was your favorite part. What's your favorite ice cream part. What's your favorite ice cream part. What's your favorite ice cream flavor? flavor? flavor? &gt;&gt; Um, vanilla. &gt;&gt; Um, vanilla. &gt;&gt; Um, vanilla. &gt;&gt; Vanilla. &gt;&gt; Vanilla. &gt;&gt; Vanilla. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What was your favorite part of the &gt;&gt; What was your favorite part of the &gt;&gt; What was your favorite part of the cruise? Oh, no. What was your Oh, no. cruise? Oh, no. What was your Oh, no. cruise? Oh, no. What was your Oh, no. What was your favorite part of the What was your favorite part of the What was your favorite part of the cruise? cruise? cruise? &gt;&gt; My favorite part &gt;&gt; My favorite part &gt;&gt; My favorite part of the cruise playing of the cruise playing of the cruise playing &gt;&gt; in the in the kids club. &gt;&gt; in the in the kids club. &gt;&gt; in the in the kids club. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; With new friends at the kids club. &gt;&gt; With new friends at the kids club. &gt;&gt; With new friends at the kids club. &gt;&gt; Only one. You made one new friend at the &gt;&gt; Only one. You made one new friend at the &gt;&gt; Only one. You made one new friend at the kids club. And then what was your um kids club. And then what was your um kids club. And then what was your um favorite ice cream flavor? favorite ice cream flavor? favorite ice cream flavor? &gt;&gt; You had You had banana. &gt;&gt; You had You had banana. &gt;&gt; You had You had banana. &gt;&gt; Pine berry. &gt;&gt; Pine berry. &gt;&gt; Pine berry. &gt;&gt; Pine nut berry. Are you talking about &gt;&gt; Pine nut berry. Are you talking about &gt;&gt; Pine nut berry. Are you talking about Pokémon? [laughter] Pokémon? [laughter] Pokémon? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Talking about Pokemon. &gt;&gt; Talking about Pokemon. &gt;&gt; Talking about Pokemon. &gt;&gt; That's a Pokemon. That's not a real &gt;&gt; That's a Pokemon. That's not a real &gt;&gt; That's a Pokemon. That's not a real flavor. flavor. flavor. &gt;&gt; That's a Pokemon. That's not a real &gt;&gt; That's a Pokemon. That's not a real &gt;&gt; That's a Pokemon. That's not a real flavor. flavor. flavor. &gt;&gt; We're watching the bedtime stories. I &gt;&gt; We're watching the bedtime stories. I &gt;&gt; We're watching the bedtime stories. I also Oh, thank you, buddy. I wanted to also Oh, thank you, buddy. I wanted to also Oh, thank you, buddy. I wanted to give you a um an update on my beasting. give you a um an update on my beasting. give you a um an update on my beasting. So, it looked fine yesterday and now So, it looked fine yesterday and now So, it looked fine yesterday and now today, look at it. It really hurts. today, look at it. It really hurts. today, look at it. It really hurts. &gt;&gt; What am I not doing? &gt;&gt; What am I not doing? &gt;&gt; What am I not doing? &gt;&gt; It's like super itchy. Oh, I'm I'm just &gt;&gt; It's like super itchy. Oh, I'm I'm just &gt;&gt; It's like super itchy. Oh, I'm I'm just &gt;&gt; What's wrong with me? Am I going to lose &gt;&gt; What's wrong with me? Am I going to lose &gt;&gt; What's wrong with me? Am I going to lose an arm? an arm? an arm? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; It's also very hot. &gt;&gt; It's also very hot. &gt;&gt; It's also very hot. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. Infection. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. Infection. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. Infection. &gt;&gt; I can feel it. &gt;&gt; I can feel it. &gt;&gt; I can feel it. &gt;&gt; You can feel how hot it is. &gt;&gt; You can feel how hot it is. &gt;&gt; You can feel how hot it is. &gt;&gt; Is blood hot? &gt;&gt; Is blood hot? &gt;&gt; Is blood hot? &gt;&gt; Blood hot? &gt;&gt; Blood hot? &gt;&gt; Blood hot? &gt;&gt; I don't. That's a good question. I don't &gt;&gt; I don't. That's a good question. I don't &gt;&gt; I don't. That's a good question. I don't know. 8.6°. know. 8.6°. know. 8.6°. &gt;&gt; Any doctors out there feel it? &gt;&gt; Any doctors out there feel it? &gt;&gt; Any doctors out there feel it? &gt;&gt; Well, the good news is it's not it's all &gt;&gt; Well, the good news is it's not it's all &gt;&gt; Well, the good news is it's not it's all going this way. going this way. going this way. &gt;&gt; What does that mean? &gt;&gt; What does that mean? &gt;&gt; What does that mean? &gt;&gt; Well, I mean if it were infected, it &gt;&gt; Well, I mean if it were infected, it &gt;&gt; Well, I mean if it were infected, it would all go in a circle. would all go in a circle. would all go in a circle. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; I think I don't know. I'm no doctor. &gt;&gt; I think I don't know. I'm no doctor. &gt;&gt; I think I don't know. I'm no doctor. &gt;&gt; Dr. him. &gt;&gt; Dr. him. &gt;&gt; Dr. him. &gt;&gt; I'm no doctor. &gt;&gt; I'm no doctor. &gt;&gt; I'm no doctor. &gt;&gt; The B is for bargain. &gt;&gt; The B is for bargain. &gt;&gt; The B is for bargain. &gt;&gt; The [laughter] B is doctor. &gt;&gt; The [laughter] B is doctor. &gt;&gt; The [laughter] B is doctor. &gt;&gt; What's bargain? &gt;&gt; What's bargain? &gt;&gt; What's bargain? &gt;&gt; Okay, Oliver, it's time to get &gt;&gt; Okay, Oliver, it's time to get &gt;&gt; Okay, Oliver, it's time to get [laughter] in the bathroom. [laughter] in the bathroom. [laughter] in the bathroom. &gt;&gt; What does bargain mean? &gt;&gt; What does bargain mean? &gt;&gt; What does bargain mean? &gt;&gt; Bargain means you're getting a steal of &gt;&gt; Bargain means you're getting a steal of &gt;&gt; Bargain means you're getting a steal of a deal on this doctor cuz he's not a a deal on this doctor cuz he's not a a deal on this doctor cuz he's not a real doctor. [laughter] I'm kind of real doctor. [laughter] I'm kind of real doctor. [laughter] I'm kind of nervous about that. Leave some comments nervous about that. Leave some comments nervous about that. Leave some comments down below. All right, we're getting down below. All right, we're getting down below. All right, we're getting ready for bed. Sorry, that's the camera. ready for bed. Sorry, that's the camera. ready for bed. Sorry, that's the camera. &gt;&gt; Dr. Bargain. &gt;&gt; Dr. Bargain. &gt;&gt; Dr. Bargain. &gt;&gt; Dr. Bargain. We're getting ready for bed &gt;&gt; Dr. Bargain. We're getting ready for bed &gt;&gt; Dr. Bargain. We're getting ready for bed right now. right now. right now. &gt;&gt; And we [laughter] have to You were so stinky. [laughter] You were so stinky. [laughter] You were so stinky. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay, we're getting ready for bed. I'll &gt;&gt; Okay, we're getting ready for bed. I'll &gt;&gt; Okay, we're getting ready for bed. I'll see you in just a minute. [music] Good morning from Port Canaveral. After Good morning from Port Canaveral. After Good morning from Port Canaveral. After dinner last night, all we did was come dinner last night, all we did was come dinner last night, all we did was come back to the room, put the boys to sleep, back to the room, put the boys to sleep, back to the room, put the boys to sleep, and then that was it. We packed and then that was it. We packed and then that was it. We packed everything up, made sure it was good to everything up, made sure it was good to everything up, made sure it was good to go, set it outside, and then we went to go, set it outside, and then we went to go, set it outside, and then we went to sleep, too. Look at this beautiful I sleep, too. Look at this beautiful I sleep, too. Look at this beautiful I almost call the sunset. Beautiful almost call the sunset. Beautiful almost call the sunset. Beautiful sunrise. What are we next to? MSC sunrise. What are we next to? MSC sunrise. What are we next to? MSC Seashore, the Norwegian Joy, and the Seashore, the Norwegian Joy, and the Seashore, the Norwegian Joy, and the Norwegian Primma. Norwegian Primma. Norwegian Primma. And then there's a I think that's a And then there's a I think that's a And then there's a I think that's a Royal Caribbean down there. All right, Royal Caribbean down there. All right, Royal Caribbean down there. All right, our bags are packed up. We're leaving our bags are packed up. We're leaving our bags are packed up. We're leaving today. Heading down to breakfast right today. Heading down to breakfast right today. Heading down to breakfast right now. now. now. &gt;&gt; I feel like they changed the breakfast &gt;&gt; I feel like they changed the breakfast &gt;&gt; I feel like they changed the breakfast time. I thought it was 6:45. time. I thought it was 6:45. time. I thought it was 6:45. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they told us 7:00 yesterday, so &gt;&gt; Yeah, they told us 7:00 yesterday, so &gt;&gt; Yeah, they told us 7:00 yesterday, so &gt;&gt; it says 7 on the app. I just got the &gt;&gt; it says 7 on the app. I just got the &gt;&gt; it says 7 on the app. I just got the notification. Yeah, we'll go down there notification. Yeah, we'll go down there notification. Yeah, we'll go down there and see what they say. and see what they say. and see what they say. &gt;&gt; Well, that's interesting. I guess people &gt;&gt; Well, that's interesting. I guess people &gt;&gt; Well, that's interesting. I guess people probably were late. probably were late. probably were late. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Jen and I got the same thing. We &gt;&gt; Yeah. Jen and I got the same thing. We &gt;&gt; Yeah. Jen and I got the same thing. We just got a ham and cheese omelette with just got a ham and cheese omelette with just got a ham and cheese omelette with some bacon and some hash browns. some bacon and some hash browns. some bacon and some hash browns. &gt;&gt; I got a grapefruit with a grape in the &gt;&gt; I got a grapefruit with a grape in the &gt;&gt; I got a grapefruit with a grape in the middle. middle. middle. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Grapefruit. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Grapefruit. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Grapefruit. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; And then we got some some pastries here. &gt;&gt; And then we got some some pastries here. &gt;&gt; And then we got some some pastries here. They brought us instead of like bringing They brought us instead of like bringing They brought us instead of like bringing them out and like letting us choose, them out and like letting us choose, them out and like letting us choose, they just brought us a whole plate and they just brought us a whole plate and they just brought us a whole plate and some fruit. And the kids got waffles. some fruit. And the kids got waffles. some fruit. And the kids got waffles. All right. See you later, Fantasy. Love All right. See you later, Fantasy. Love All right. See you later, Fantasy. Love you. you. you. &gt;&gt; All right. Last ship of the year. That &gt;&gt; All right. Last ship of the year. That &gt;&gt; All right. Last ship of the year. That was it. All seven ships. We did it, was it. All seven ships. We did it, was it. All seven ships. We did it, Jackson. Jackson. Jackson. We did all seven Disney ships this year. We did all seven Disney ships this year. We did all seven Disney ships this year. All right, we got back to the car. All right, we got back to the car. All right, we got back to the car. Pretty quick like debarking off the Pretty quick like debarking off the Pretty quick like debarking off the ship. But I don't know. There must be ship. But I don't know. There must be ship. But I don't know. There must be like a lot of cruise ships getting off like a lot of cruise ships getting off like a lot of cruise ships getting off right now because we're stuck in traffic right now because we're stuck in traffic right now because we're stuck in traffic inside of the garage right now. So, inside of the garage right now. So, inside of the garage right now. So, we'll get off as soon as we can. we'll get off as soon as we can. we'll get off as soon as we can. Remember when we were first getting to Remember when we were first getting to Remember when we were first getting to the port to the parking garage, we said the port to the parking garage, we said the port to the parking garage, we said we'll let you know how much it is. It we'll let you know how much it is. It we'll let you know how much it is. It was $107 to park here for this cruise, was $107 to park here for this cruise, was $107 to park here for this cruise, which is interesting because just for which is interesting because just for which is interesting because just for reference for you guys, Fort Lauderdale reference for you guys, Fort Lauderdale reference for you guys, Fort Lauderdale is $20 a day. So on this cruise, it is $20 a day. So on this cruise, it is $20 a day. So on this cruise, it would have cost us $80 would have cost us $80 would have cost us $80 &gt;&gt; if we were down in Port in Fort &gt;&gt; if we were down in Port in Fort &gt;&gt; if we were down in Port in Fort Lauderdale. Lauderdale. Lauderdale. &gt;&gt; In Fort Everlades &gt;&gt; In Fort Everlades &gt;&gt; In Fort Everlades &gt;&gt; in Fort Everglades. But this one, &gt;&gt; in Fort Everglades. But this one, &gt;&gt; in Fort Everglades. But this one, &gt;&gt; this one was a little bit more. It was &gt;&gt; this one was a little bit more. It was &gt;&gt; this one was a little bit more. It was Do they count it as 5 days? Do they count it as 5 days? Do they count it as 5 days? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I think. I don't know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I think. I don't know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I think. I don't know. Yeah. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; little bit expensive to park, but I &gt;&gt; little bit expensive to park, but I &gt;&gt; little bit expensive to park, but I think it was worth it. think it was worth it. think it was worth it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Save money in in travel time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Save money in in travel time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Save money in in travel time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's the Fantasy for the last &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's the Fantasy for the last &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's the Fantasy for the last time. Let me see if I can show you time. Let me see if I can show you time. Let me see if I can show you Dumbo's butt. Dumbo's butt. Dumbo's butt. &gt;&gt; The last time this year. &gt;&gt; The last time this year. &gt;&gt; The last time this year. &gt;&gt; Do you see Dumbo? I'm glad that we did &gt;&gt; Do you see Dumbo? I'm glad that we did &gt;&gt; Do you see Dumbo? I'm glad that we did the Fantasy as our last ship for the the Fantasy as our last ship for the the Fantasy as our last ship for the year. year. year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good ship. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good ship. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good ship. &gt;&gt; It is a good ship. I had a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; It is a good ship. I had a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; It is a good ship. I had a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; It was definitely &gt;&gt; It was definitely &gt;&gt; It was definitely &gt;&gt; super easy to navigate. Yeah, I think &gt;&gt; super easy to navigate. Yeah, I think &gt;&gt; super easy to navigate. Yeah, I think it's just kind of like very familiar. I it's just kind of like very familiar. I it's just kind of like very familiar. I really enjoyed it. It was a good time. really enjoyed it. It was a good time. really enjoyed it. It was a good time. It was definitely a different cruise, It was definitely a different cruise, It was definitely a different cruise, you know, because we were just taking it you know, because we were just taking it you know, because we were just taking it a little bit more easy. It was a little a little bit more easy. It was a little a little bit more easy. It was a little more of a relaxed cruise, but I had a more of a relaxed cruise, but I had a more of a relaxed cruise, but I had a lot of fun. And again, yeah, I'm just lot of fun. And again, yeah, I'm just lot of fun. And again, yeah, I'm just happy that the Fantasy was our last one happy that the Fantasy was our last one happy that the Fantasy was our last one for the year. It was a good way to end for the year. It was a good way to end for the year. It was a good way to end Tim's resolution, Tim's resolution, Tim's resolution, &gt;&gt; right? And we did it. &gt;&gt; right? And we did it. &gt;&gt; right? And we did it. &gt;&gt; We did do it. &gt;&gt; We did do it. &gt;&gt; We did do it. &gt;&gt; We I'm proud of us. &gt;&gt; We I'm proud of us. &gt;&gt; We I'm proud of us. &gt;&gt; I can't believe it. &gt;&gt; I can't believe it. &gt;&gt; I can't believe it. &gt;&gt; That's wild. &gt;&gt; That's wild. &gt;&gt; That's wild. &gt;&gt; It is wild. I'm actually going to make a &gt;&gt; It is wild. I'm actually going to make a &gt;&gt; It is wild. I'm actually going to make a playlist of all of the cruises of 2025 playlist of all of the cruises of 2025 playlist of all of the cruises of 2025 so that you can see them. If you want to so that you can see them. If you want to so that you can see them. If you want to see them all in order if you want to see see them all in order if you want to see see them all in order if you want to see which one we started with, you know, the which one we started with, you know, the which one we started with, you know, the order that we did them, I'm going to order that we did them, I'm going to order that we did them, I'm going to link them all below in one playlist. I'm link them all below in one playlist. I'm link them all below in one playlist. I'm going to call it New Year's Eve going to call it New Year's Eve going to call it New Year's Eve resolution 2025 cruises. So, if you want resolution 2025 cruises. So, if you want resolution 2025 cruises. So, if you want to check that out, you can watch them to check that out, you can watch them to check that out, you can watch them all. all. all. &gt;&gt; You know, there's still time left in &gt;&gt; You know, there's still time left in &gt;&gt; You know, there's still time left in &gt;&gt; For what? &gt;&gt; For what? &gt;&gt; For what? &gt;&gt; I booked us another No. &gt;&gt; I booked us another No. &gt;&gt; I booked us another No. &gt;&gt; Oh my [laughter] god. Oh, the birds &gt;&gt; Oh my [laughter] god. Oh, the birds &gt;&gt; Oh my [laughter] god. Oh, the birds found a pizza. found a pizza. found a pizza. &gt;&gt; Cruisep port seagull eating all the &gt;&gt; Cruisep port seagull eating all the &gt;&gt; Cruisep port seagull eating all the pizza. pizza. pizza. &gt;&gt; Was that a seagull? &gt;&gt; Was that a seagull? &gt;&gt; Was that a seagull? &gt;&gt; The gray one. &gt;&gt; The gray one. &gt;&gt; The gray one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; He's like wild looking, isn't he? &gt;&gt; He's like wild looking, isn't he? &gt;&gt; He's like wild looking, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're still in traffic waiting &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're still in traffic waiting &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're still in traffic waiting to leave. But if you look at the ship, to leave. But if you look at the ship, to leave. But if you look at the ship, so we're passing by the ship. There are so we're passing by the ship. There are so we're passing by the ship. There are these like wide balconies here. What do these like wide balconies here. What do these like wide balconies here. What do you guys know what rooms those are? you guys know what rooms those are? you guys know what rooms those are? There's a tree in the way, so now you There's a tree in the way, so now you There's a tree in the way, so now you can't see it. can't see it. can't see it. &gt;&gt; Do you remember when we went on the &gt;&gt; Do you remember when we went on the &gt;&gt; Do you remember when we went on the cruise with Chris Pratt? cruise with Chris Pratt? cruise with Chris Pratt? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He had the center one on the back back &gt;&gt; He had the center one on the back back &gt;&gt; He had the center one on the back back there, and it's got a very deep balcony. there, and it's got a very deep balcony. there, and it's got a very deep balcony. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But what is this? Can you guys &gt;&gt; Yeah. But what is this? Can you guys &gt;&gt; Yeah. But what is this? Can you guys see? It's like right here. It's like a see? It's like right here. It's like a see? It's like right here. It's like a really long like a wide balcony really long like a wide balcony really long like a wide balcony &gt;&gt; with just one door in the middle. &gt;&gt; with just one door in the middle. &gt;&gt; with just one door in the middle. &gt;&gt; Huh. I'm very interested. &gt;&gt; Huh. I'm very interested. &gt;&gt; Huh. I'm very interested. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can look on the deck plan. All &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can look on the deck plan. All &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can look on the deck plan. All right, there you have it. That was the right, there you have it. That was the right, there you have it. That was the final video from our final cruise of final video from our final cruise of final video from our final cruise of New Year's resolution was to sail on New Year's resolution was to sail on New Year's resolution was to sail on every Disney ship. We went on seven every Disney ship. We went on seven every Disney ship. We went on seven Disney ships this year. Well, that was Disney ships this year. Well, that was Disney ships this year. Well, that was something that I don't think a lot of something that I don't think a lot of something that I don't think a lot of people knew or realized that that's why people knew or realized that that's why people knew or realized that that's why we did so many cruises. People were we did so many cruises. People were we did so many cruises. People were like, "How many cruises are you going to like, "How many cruises are you going to like, "How many cruises are you going to do?" And it was like, "Well, maybe they do?" And it was like, "Well, maybe they do?" And it was like, "Well, maybe they didn't see the New Year's video, but we didn't see the New Year's video, but we didn't see the New Year's video, but we did sail on every ship." And um I can't did sail on every ship." And um I can't did sail on every ship." And um I can't believe we did it. believe we did it. believe we did it. &gt;&gt; I know. There was a lot of cruising &gt;&gt; I know. There was a lot of cruising &gt;&gt; I know. There was a lot of cruising towards the end of the year. I was like, towards the end of the year. I was like, towards the end of the year. I was like, "Man, we're cruising a lot." "Man, we're cruising a lot." "Man, we're cruising a lot." &gt;&gt; Well, cuz we kind of packed a lot of &gt;&gt; Well, cuz we kind of packed a lot of &gt;&gt; Well, cuz we kind of packed a lot of them in at the end. So, I think that's, them in at the end. So, I think that's, them in at the end. So, I think that's, you know, why it seemed more compact at you know, why it seemed more compact at you know, why it seemed more compact at the end of the year. But, the end of the year. But, the end of the year. But, &gt;&gt; and you know why that was? cuz at the &gt;&gt; and you know why that was? cuz at the &gt;&gt; and you know why that was? cuz at the beginning of the year it was sort of a beginning of the year it was sort of a beginning of the year it was sort of a joke. I was like, there's no way we're joke. I was like, there's no way we're joke. I was like, there's no way we're going to do this. And then we like got going to do this. And then we like got going to do this. And then we like got close and I was like, oh, we should close and I was like, oh, we should close and I was like, oh, we should finish this out. finish this out. finish this out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so we did. &gt;&gt; And so we did. &gt;&gt; And so we did. &gt;&gt; I think it's good to have a goal. But I &gt;&gt; I think it's good to have a goal. But I &gt;&gt; I think it's good to have a goal. But I think that um next year, so New Year's think that um next year, so New Year's think that um next year, so New Year's Eve is like literally tomorrow. So, Eve is like literally tomorrow. So, Eve is like literally tomorrow. So, [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] um I think we'll have some, you know, um I think we'll have some, you know, um I think we'll have some, you know, some more fun goals. Probably no some more fun goals. Probably no some more fun goals. Probably no cruising goals, I wouldn't think, for cruising goals, I wouldn't think, for cruising goals, I wouldn't think, for the following year, but who knows? Stay the following year, but who knows? Stay the following year, but who knows? Stay tuned. You never know. Stay tuned. tuned. You never know. Stay tuned. tuned. You never know. Stay tuned. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I I know what my new year &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I I know what my new year &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I I know what my new year some of mine are and it's not no some of mine are and it's not no some of mine are and it's not no challenging cruises. No cruise challenging cruises. No cruise challenging cruises. No cruise challenges I should say. challenges I should say. challenges I should say. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. But I do want to say that um in &gt;&gt; Gotcha. But I do want to say that um in &gt;&gt; Gotcha. But I do want to say that um in January I would like to make a video January I would like to make a video January I would like to make a video talking about each ship and our pros and talking about each ship and our pros and talking about each ship and our pros and cons of each ship, why we like or don't cons of each ship, why we like or don't cons of each ship, why we like or don't like them, um what our favorite ship is, like them, um what our favorite ship is, like them, um what our favorite ship is, that kind of stuff. So I will like if that kind of stuff. So I will like if that kind of stuff. So I will like if that's something you want to see, let us that's something you want to see, let us that's something you want to see, let us know in the comments down below. But know in the comments down below. But know in the comments down below. But that's something that I think could be that's something that I think could be that's something that I think could be helpful because we sailed on all of the helpful because we sailed on all of the helpful because we sailed on all of the ships. so recently, right? ships. so recently, right? ships. so recently, right? &gt;&gt; We have some good, I think, you know, &gt;&gt; We have some good, I think, you know, &gt;&gt; We have some good, I think, you know, info about it. But let us know. Let us info about it. But let us know. Let us info about it. But let us know. Let us know if you have any questions that we know if you have any questions that we know if you have any questions that we should answer. should answer. should answer. &gt;&gt; Uh but yeah, we we did we did it. Thank &gt;&gt; Uh but yeah, we we did we did it. Thank &gt;&gt; Uh but yeah, we we did we did it. Thank you for following along on this cruise you for following along on this cruise you for following along on this cruise journey. journey. journey. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And those of you guys that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And those of you guys that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And those of you guys that followed along on all of them and if you followed along on all of them and if you followed along on all of them and if you can like remember which one was your can like remember which one was your can like remember which one was your favorite to watch us go on, I guess. favorite to watch us go on, I guess. favorite to watch us go on, I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what what did you what ship &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what what did you what ship &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what what did you what ship did you like the best through the did you like the best through the did you like the best through the videos, videos, videos, &gt;&gt; right? And um I'm going to link a &gt;&gt; right? And um I'm going to link a &gt;&gt; right? And um I'm going to link a playlist down below of all of the playlist down below of all of the playlist down below of all of the cruises that we did this year so you can cruises that we did this year so you can cruises that we did this year so you can see them. If you didn't see them all and see them. If you didn't see them all and see them. If you didn't see them all and you want to see them, you can. you want to see them, you can. you want to see them, you can. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But yeah, &gt;&gt; But yeah, &gt;&gt; But yeah, &gt;&gt; what if I did a mega vlog of &gt;&gt; what if I did a mega vlog of &gt;&gt; what if I did a mega vlog of &gt;&gt; every single cruise ever? &gt;&gt; every single cruise ever? &gt;&gt; every single cruise ever? &gt;&gt; No, not ever, but of 2025. &gt;&gt; No, not ever, but of 2025. &gt;&gt; No, not ever, but of 2025. &gt;&gt; Every cruise of 2025 or every ship cuz I &gt;&gt; Every cruise of 2025 or every ship cuz I &gt;&gt; Every cruise of 2025 or every ship cuz I did do two I did do the Destiny twice. did do two I did do the Destiny twice. did do two I did do the Destiny twice. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, what do you &gt;&gt; So, what do you &gt;&gt; So, what do you &gt;&gt; I don't know. What do you guys think? &gt;&gt; I don't know. What do you guys think? &gt;&gt; I don't know. What do you guys think? Should I put that up? Should I put that up? Should I put that up? &gt;&gt; I don't know. That'd be a really long &gt;&gt; I don't know. That'd be a really long &gt;&gt; I don't know. That'd be a really long video. video. video. &gt;&gt; It would be really long. &gt;&gt; It would be really long. &gt;&gt; It would be really long. &gt;&gt; Let us know. &gt;&gt; Let us know. &gt;&gt; Let us know. &gt;&gt; This is like a 24-hour video. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is like a 24-hour video. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is like a 24-hour video. [laughter] Would you guys watch cruising for 24 Would you guys watch cruising for 24 Would you guys watch cruising for 24 hours? hours? hours? &gt;&gt; H that'd be dedication, &gt;&gt; H that'd be dedication, &gt;&gt; H that'd be dedication, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But uh but I had a lot of fun on this &gt;&gt; But uh but I had a lot of fun on this &gt;&gt; But uh but I had a lot of fun on this cruise. I had a really great time. The cruise. I had a really great time. The cruise. I had a really great time. The island was beautiful. Um I loved being island was beautiful. Um I loved being island was beautiful. Um I loved being able to like eat all of our our favorite able to like eat all of our our favorite able to like eat all of our our favorite things like one last time. things like one last time. things like one last time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I loved seeing the kids. I think what &gt;&gt; I loved seeing the kids. I think what &gt;&gt; I loved seeing the kids. I think what made this cruise so special to me is made this cruise so special to me is made this cruise so special to me is that Oliver is finally at an age where that Oliver is finally at an age where that Oliver is finally at an age where he wants to stay up and do the things he wants to stay up and do the things he wants to stay up and do the things where or he can, you know, stay up and where or he can, you know, stay up and where or he can, you know, stay up and do the things. He wasn't napping during do the things. He wasn't napping during do the things. He wasn't napping during this cruise. So, we had the whole kind this cruise. So, we had the whole kind this cruise. So, we had the whole kind of afternoon to really to do more with of afternoon to really to do more with of afternoon to really to do more with him, which I really enjoyed. I enjoyed him, which I really enjoyed. I enjoyed him, which I really enjoyed. I enjoyed that. I know that he loved, you know, that. I know that he loved, you know, that. I know that he loved, you know, the the pirate shows and the dance the the pirate shows and the dance the the pirate shows and the dance parties and Jackson, too. parties and Jackson, too. parties and Jackson, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that was really that was really fun. &gt;&gt; So, that was really that was really fun. &gt;&gt; So, that was really that was really fun. I was shocked that Jackson's favorite I was shocked that Jackson's favorite I was shocked that Jackson's favorite thing is the pirate show. thing is the pirate show. thing is the pirate show. &gt;&gt; He loved it. &gt;&gt; He loved it. &gt;&gt; He loved it. &gt;&gt; He like does the dance. &gt;&gt; He like does the dance. &gt;&gt; He like does the dance. &gt;&gt; As much as I feel like adults may get a &gt;&gt; As much as I feel like adults may get a &gt;&gt; As much as I feel like adults may get a little bit burnt out on those things cuz little bit burnt out on those things cuz little bit burnt out on those things cuz they don't change. Those shows are the they don't change. Those shows are the they don't change. Those shows are the Sailaway shows are pretty much the same. Sailaway shows are pretty much the same. Sailaway shows are pretty much the same. The Pirate Night shows are definitely The Pirate Night shows are definitely The Pirate Night shows are definitely the same. There's not a lot of change in the same. There's not a lot of change in the same. There's not a lot of change in those things. The kids love it, those things. The kids love it, those things. The kids love it, &gt;&gt; right? So, I think just sailing with &gt;&gt; right? So, I think just sailing with &gt;&gt; right? So, I think just sailing with kids, um, especially kids who are more a kids, um, especially kids who are more a kids, um, especially kids who are more a little older and can be a little bit little older and can be a little bit little older and can be a little bit more involved and like present in those more involved and like present in those more involved and like present in those things, it's just so much more special, things, it's just so much more special, things, it's just so much more special, at least for us. It felt like a new at least for us. It felt like a new at least for us. It felt like a new experience for us even though we've done experience for us even though we've done experience for us even though we've done it so many times, right? it so many times, right? it so many times, right? &gt;&gt; And I love that. &gt;&gt; And I love that. &gt;&gt; And I love that. &gt;&gt; And it's wild to be like sitting here at &gt;&gt; And it's wild to be like sitting here at &gt;&gt; And it's wild to be like sitting here at home and then Jackson will be doing home and then Jackson will be doing home and then Jackson will be doing something, be coloring something, he's something, be coloring something, he's something, be coloring something, he's just like away. just like away. just like away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He loved the music. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. He loved the music. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. He loved the music. [laughter] And I'm like, in the what? He loves a And I'm like, in the what? He loves a And I'm like, in the what? He loves a pirate night. pirate night. pirate night. &gt;&gt; And then he says, "Shake shake shake." &gt;&gt; And then he says, "Shake shake shake." &gt;&gt; And then he says, "Shake shake shake." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Shake shake shake shake your booty. &gt;&gt; Shake shake shake shake your booty. &gt;&gt; Shake shake shake shake your booty. &gt;&gt; He loved that that Goofy was talking &gt;&gt; He loved that that Goofy was talking &gt;&gt; He loved that that Goofy was talking about the poop deck. Like he about the poop deck. Like he about the poop deck. Like he &gt;&gt; he goes, "Text mom right now." I'm like, &gt;&gt; he goes, "Text mom right now." I'm like, &gt;&gt; he goes, "Text mom right now." I'm like, "Okay." "Okay." "Okay." &gt;&gt; I was in the room with Oliver cuz I was &gt;&gt; I was in the room with Oliver cuz I was &gt;&gt; I was in the room with Oliver cuz I was putting him to bed. But yeah, that uh putting him to bed. But yeah, that uh putting him to bed. But yeah, that uh &gt;&gt; it's just so funny. I think that that &gt;&gt; it's just so funny. I think that that &gt;&gt; it's just so funny. I think that that Jackson and Oliver really made the Jackson and Oliver really made the Jackson and Oliver really made the cruises so special. So um they just felt cruises so special. So um they just felt cruises so special. So um they just felt different for us. Even though, like I different for us. Even though, like I different for us. Even though, like I said, we we'd done them a few times, it said, we we'd done them a few times, it said, we we'd done them a few times, it just it felt like a totally different just it felt like a totally different just it felt like a totally different experience. So, I'm really thankful for experience. So, I'm really thankful for experience. So, I'm really thankful for I don't know that we were able to do all I don't know that we were able to do all I don't know that we were able to do all of the cruises. Thank you guys for of the cruises. Thank you guys for of the cruises. Thank you guys for watching the videos. Without you, we watching the videos. Without you, we watching the videos. Without you, we couldn't do all the fun things that we couldn't do all the fun things that we couldn't do all the fun things that we do. So, um thank you so much for being do. So, um thank you so much for being do. So, um thank you so much for being like such a big part of our lives and like such a big part of our lives and like such a big part of our lives and for being such a big part of the success for being such a big part of the success for being such a big part of the success of our channel and we just really um of our channel and we just really um of our channel and we just really um you've made such a difference in our you've made such a difference in our you've made such a difference in our &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, look forward to in 2026 45 &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, look forward to in 2026 45 &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, look forward to in 2026 45 cruise ships. No, I'm just kidding. I'm cruise ships. No, I'm just kidding. I'm cruise ships. No, I'm just kidding. I'm sure we will cruise in 2026, but I just sure we will cruise in 2026, but I just sure we will cruise in 2026, but I just don't think we're going to do so many. don't think we're going to do so many. don't think we're going to do so many. So, let us know if there's any other So, let us know if there's any other So, let us know if there's any other trips you'd like us to go on or new trips you'd like us to go on or new trips you'd like us to go on or new places you'd like for us to check out. places you'd like for us to check out. places you'd like for us to check out. &gt;&gt; Um, I'd love to I'd love to read your &gt;&gt; Um, I'd love to I'd love to read your &gt;&gt; Um, I'd love to I'd love to read your comments and see where you want us to comments and see where you want us to comments and see where you want us to go. go. go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic trip. And with that being said, we are trip. And with that being said, we are trip. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
