---
video_id: QcQ0DBjOEKk
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Live Show! Hang Out With Us! | Late Night Holiday Fun, We Just Got Off Our Last Cruise Of 2025!"
published: 2025-12-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcQ0DBjOEKk
---
Did we do it? I like right as soon as we started I had a cough. I never know. [cough] There it goes. All right. I never know if we're live. I still don't know for Look at that. We did it. We did it. Oh, that was the perfect face to start with. [laughter] Oh, see my cough got in there, too. Oh, brother. Um, let's see here. How do I do this? And then I say this. And then I make this um just bigger, you know. Hey. Hi, Carly. How's it going? Hello. Oh, look. Everybody's here. Hi, you guys. Hello, Jordan, Matt, Robin, Suzanne, Chloe, Chloe. It's Chloe. It's Chloe. I wasn't sure how many of you would be able to join us uh at like such a weird time on a Monday morning, but thank you for coming. Oh, the Canary Islands. You guys got Canaries out there. Wow. Oh, because some of you are from the UK. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like this will be a more UK ccentric That's fun. live stream because it'll be 5 hours later for them. Philly's gal said, "I don't have work. This is great." Oh, what is that? Like you don't have work today? Yeah. Or you just don't have work at all? Well, I mean, [laughter] okay. Um, St. Louis, Long Island. Oh, I'm gonna read a book at the Grand F. That sounds lovely. Reading a book at the Grand Fian. Yeah. 3 PM in the UK. I love it. Everybody's getting out of school. How was school today? Did you guys do okay? Work from home day. I love it. What uh what you guys been doing recently? You guys been watching any television shows or movies or anything like that? Well, so [laughter] anything. So, we wanted to hop on really quick and do a live um because headed out to Disney for the week of Valentine's Day. What should we expect the weather to be? Honestly, great question. We don't even know what it's going to be this week. So, right now I I think we have a um a cold front coming in. So, that the weather is a little kind of funky. It's like cold in the morning, warmer in the afternoon, but not super hot right now. But February, who knows? Sometimes in February it's really cold. Wait. Oh, a bunch of people said Heated Rivalry. So, I like have heard so many great things about it. I've heard that it's um I think it's like a spicy show. So, what is it? It's like hockey players who are in love, I think. Oh, that's not at all what I thought it was. Yeah, cuz I think they're from opposing [clears throat] teams. I think I got a different show confused for Heated Rivalry. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They're like hockey players, but they're on different teams. I thought it was about like reality television and like TV stars. No. So, I saw this clip and I don't know what it was from, but it was Joe Carrie. Spicy enemies to lovers. I love it. That sounds pretty good. It was Joe Carrey driving a cab. And in the back was Lala, Frankie Grande, and the girl from the OC, Miesa Barton. Yeah. It's a movie. That's a movie. Yeah, it's old. It's an old movie. Gotcha. Yeah. I thought it was a reality television thing because he has a GoPro next to him. Yeah, he it's called Spree. He like films himself like committing crimes. I can't I don't know if I can say it. Weird. Um but yeah, that's that's old. That was from like the first season of Stranger Things. Okay. Well, I mean, what the heck, man? I'm just saying. [laughter] Jeez. Um Okay, so um yeah, they they presented at the Golden Globes. Yeah, that's true. It's spicy but so so good and sweet. See? Yeah. So, it sounds like something that I would really like. I just haven't had time and actually don't know where to watch it. Where where is it? Because I feel like it's on like HBO or something. The Mighty Ducks. But replace the letter D with another letter. It is HBO. Okay. The Mighty Lux. Yes. Um yeah, I heard the pit was really good, too. I was talking to my hair stylist about it, but um so I really quick, let me just get this out really quick before we um have you seen the bracelets they're handing out at Universal. Yes. I'm very Instead of doing birthday and celebrating buttons. Yeah. At specifically at Universal, not Islands, they're handing out those like Remember like the Lance Armstrong bracelets? Yeah. They're handing those out at like six different rides. You can go and say, "Hey, it's my birthday." And they'll give you a bracelet that says, "I'm celebrating my birthday. Born identity." Oh, the mummy twister. Write it out. Interesting. Okay. So, I was like, it's pretty cool. Like, yeah, I'll show you a picture of them. Hold on. Okay. Um, while he's pulling it up, though. So, I wanted to But like these. Oh, you can get them at like every single one. No, just in Universal. Oh, yeah. But, but you can show Move your head behind my phone or off to the side. Hello, camera. There it is. There they are. Those are the bracelets. Um we are uh going on a trip today. Going on a trip. And so the reason the other the reason why one of the reasons why we wanted to go live is because well we haven't gone live in a minute. So we wanted to see you guys. But we are not going to have a video for a few days. And I just wanted to give you a heads up. But please stay tuned to our Instagram and maybe Tik Tok and Twitter and stuff. mainly Instagram because we're going to be updating you on our adventure in real time there. Yeah. Um and if you are a member of the Patreon, you might see it a little bit sooner, but you will definitely see it either way [clears throat] on Instagram. So, please stay tuned there. Um, so we're going to miss you guys on YouTube for a few days, but I wanted to let you know that just because I know sometimes when we don't upload, I know this month specifically, people kind of understood what was going on, but right now we're going to be going on a trip. So, I just wanted to let you guys know so you don't get um worried. Sometimes people get worried. Yeah. And it makes me sad. I don't want anybody to worry for us. So, we're okay. We're going to be just out of town for a minute. But oh, I know you have Philly's gal said when I subscribed to you it was 2013 but I I feel like you watched us even before that because I remember you from our old old house. Yeah. So I feel like when we've been Oh, when did we buy that other house? I can't I can't do time right now. It might have. But yeah, so thank you for being with us for so long. That's amazing. We're not going to give you any hints on where we're going. No, I really want it [clears throat] to be a surprise. And also, we are you'll see it later on today. So, you're not you don't have to wait long, but I I really want you guys to be surprised because we're so excited. Yeah. So, stay tuned to Instagram and if you're on Patreon, we're going to let you guys know first. Yeah. But you'll see it either way. Don't worry. Even if you're not on Patreon, you will see it today. So, don't don't worry. Um it is somewhere new. Yeah. Which is cool. Uh I love you guys. Have fun. still waiting to run into you when I come to Florida. We're here sometimes. We're here. Most of the time we're here. Um going to Alaska in January. Oh man. Could you How How cold would it be? I don't think I could handle that. Um Uhoh. What's that? Oh, your phone. Oh no. Are you okay? Jen just dropped her phone on her actual ankle bone. What? I don't understand. Is this a scam? I keep I keep getting these texts that are like, "You have an appointment on this day and I definitely don't have this appointment on this day or any day." And then it's like, "Get your results." And I'm like, "Did somebody go somewhere and have a a like a medical appointment under my name?" Maybe. Like, what's going on? Um, Fairbanks North Pole has been 75 65. Oh, that's too much. I uh What if that was Celsius? The boys are going with us. They are. Oh, thank you. Yeah. So, I got my hair done darker. It looks darker cuz I'm kind of like in a shadow right now, but yeah, I didn't set up all the lights for this cuz I thought this window being open would bring in some beautiful light for us, but it's a little bit not super bright, but um but yeah, it's it's even I did wash it once already. And I have to say it kind of is going red, which I'm not like mad about, but I I wanted like true brunette hair. Um yeah, so Mega Con, when even is Mega Con this year? I have no idea. I don't know. So, the last time I like truly did Mega Con was when um a friend of mine had a booth and I was helping her run her booth and I that was the last time I really did Mega Con. That would have been like 2018. Kirky says March 19th. March 19th. Okay. Maybe I'll put it in the calendar as like a maybe. You know what we are doing? We're coming to Kate May. Oh, I kind of want to go to Cape May. Where's that? That's in New England. Oh, okay. Because you know, you go to Cape May Cafe. Oh, yeah. And there's they've got all the the crabs and lobsters that you can get. What did you say, Kirk? You said March. March. Oh, Megaton is March 18th through 22nd. March. Oh, that meant February. Hold on. March 18th. Oh, so it's during spring break. Spring break. Okay, let's go. We should come to Dollywood. We should go to Dollywood. Yeah. How warm is it in Florida today? New Jersey, not New England. We have a cold front moving through right now. So, a cool front. I should call it a cool front because people get mad that I call it a cold front, but it is uh 58 degrees outside right now. Blessed by Jess said, "I caught one. I'm glad you're here." What Pokemon did you catch? No. Um in New Jersey. Sorry. Woody Langford said, "I received my Patreon welcome letter and sticker." Yay. We also have postcards that are going to be going out to you guys pretty soon. and um some other stuff. Oh, other things. But yeah, thank you guys so much for supporting us over there. We really appreciate it. And um I we love like you know all the all the fun little like perks that you guys are getting. I love seeing that you guys get them. Um so yeah, thank you for sharing that with us. Uh definitely chilly here at the fort. I this would be a great time to be camping at the fort or in a cabin. I would love that. Did the marathon get cut short because of the heat? I don't think so. I don't think so. It wasn't that hot yesterday. Yeah. Uh, did you guys ever go to the MTV spring breaks? No. No. No. But I did. That was they So I we went to I don't know about you, but I went to spring break in Daytona and they never actually had the MTV at least I don't think the MTV spring break in Daytona. I think it was only in was it in like Palm Beach or Pennsylvania or something like that? It was up north. They did it up north. They did it once in Daytona that I can remember, but we were younger. Oh, I was going to say so like we would have been if if our parents had let us go at 13 to MPB spring break. I think we probably shouldn't have been there. I couldn't I wasn't even allowed to go to like the beach for spring break on my own until I was 18. Like I was a senior in high school and that was my first time going to like spring break. See, I never really went to Daytona. We always went to New Simra. So I always uh I was at New Simra when I was 15, like driving to New Simra. Someone did post about the heat. The heat? That's so weird. Huh. I don't remember it being hot. Yeah. Um any update about the construction at the park? So, we will be doing our normal like park updates next week. So, stay tuned for that, but um yeah, I don't think I don't know what's going on currently for what the construction updates. Oh, there's so much happening like Encanto's gone vertical. I got to go check and see on what's it called? Lakeside. I got to go see that and I have to see if I can see anything as far as Big Thunder Mountain. They added like a new like structure over by the walkway on the side. Oh, and I think that might be just to block the construction that's going to be happening for um Oh, for Piston Peak. For Piston Peak. Yeah. Uh okay. I'm very excited about that. Um Beex is asking, "How do I join the p the tracker Patreon?" So, there's a link in not in this description. Yeah, it's it's in like the last couple of Sorry, I don't have it as like a permanent link. Um, I add it in manually every time. If it's in a video, I've added it in. So, you can find it in our last couple of videos. It should be like right under the des like the the sentence description, you know. Make sure you show Jackson the Lego Pokemon sets that were announced today. That's interesting because Pokemon has traditionally been mega blocks. Oh, really? Yeah. It would make sense that they would partner with Lego, though. Lego's huge. Yeah. Do you think Disney put out all these deals because of how much construction is currently happening? Um, yay. Yay for catching a a home blog. Thanks for being here. I think that the deals are to do with something else that's happening in America and people not traveling here. Oh, Armand's going to be on the Disney Destiny next week. I um You're going to have a great time. I know you're going to love it. Well, I don't actually know if you're going to love it, but I hope you love it. We loved it. It's definitely different. So, um I think the cruise that we met you on was the Fantasy if I'm correct. Was it the Fantasy or the Dream? But it's different. It's much different from those ships, but it's really, really cool and um a really unique experience. Best Disney cruise ship for first timers. I think The Wish. I think The Wish as well. Yeah, I do. I think a first- timer should go on a shorter cruise. And um the wish is a a good like stepping off point. Has Jackson eaten any ice cream yet? Not yet. Uh did he have a popsicle? Does that count? That doesn't count. Not yet. Not yet. Um I'm sure that he will have lots of ice cream this year, but is the Treasure still your favorite cruise ship? I think it is. I think it is. So, we haven't filmed our video comparing all of the ships. Um, we just haven't had time yet and that's going to be like a long video, but I I do I think it is my favorite now. Yeah, Eastern Caribbean is our favorite route on That's the one with like Torah, St. Thomas. Yeah, that's a beautiful I don't know if it goes to St. Well, we when we did the 10day it did, [clears throat] but yeah, that Yeah, short cruises and long cruises definitely do have different vibes for sure. Morning from Aruba. Oo, that's exciting. Wow. Um, the fantasy did it used to be our fave. So, I think I think the fantasy is my was my favorite and it's still like my second favorite. So, it's still up there, but the fantasy sorry [laughter] it's it's still up there. We have so we've made so many memories on the Fantasy and we had so many like bucket list cruises on the Fantasy and just you know I think that the Fantasy will always rank up there because of our personal experiences but the Wish is such a beautiful ship and I just like the newness. I don't We'll talk about it in the video where we compare them all but it's it's hard to pick. So would you recommend the Toro Cruise for a first timer? It's a long one. Yeah, probably not for a first timer. It's a seven-day like the tre the I think it depends. Treasure does seven days. It depends on your like your level of like your adventure level. Are you ready to do a 7-day cruise or are you kind of like hesitant? Like I think it depends on that. Uh oh, Lauren wants you to tell your Joey Fetone story. Oh. [laughter] Um okay, I'll tell you my Joy Fetone story. My dad was a cabinet maker and he was in like woodworking like cabinetry and um he made his cabinet. He did his kitchen in his house that he was building in Orlando back I would have been in high school like early early high school like maybe my freshman or sophomore year maybe my sophomore year and um my dad was working on his house and this is back in the time where working on Joey Feton's house. Yeah. And this is back in the time where like you remember jeans that had like paint splatters on them and like rips or they looked like dirty but that was just the look. It was like a look a jean look. Um and so he Joy Fetone like walked up to my dad [laughter] and was like dressed like you know his paint he had paint splatters all over his pants. You remember that? And um my dad was like oh you're the painter. Okay I'm not ready for you yet because I'm still putting in this you know whatever. And he's like I'm not the painter. I'm Joy Fatone. He's like, "This is my house." [laughter] Yeah. And my dad told me and I was like, "What the heck?" You're like, "Dad, [laughter] you secondhand embarrassed me in front of Joey Fetone." Yeah. So, that's my story. I wanted to tell him. Um, but we didn't wait in the line to meet him at Anne Juliet. I just wanted to tell him that I love his hot dogs. Yeah. He's like, "I love your hot dogs." I was going to do it as we were driving by. I was going to yell out that I loved his hot dogs. You've been punked, but I didn't. Um, so yeah, that's my Joy Fatone story. What did you think? I feel like everybody who is from Orlando and grew up in Orlando has a story with the Orlando boy band scene. Yes. 100% true. Yeah. Um, did you go any raves in the '9s? No. Um, so I didn't. No, I'm not like a drive by hot dog. not a raver, but there used to be this place, I don't want to say the name of it, but there used to be this place when we were kids that was put on by the police department and it was like a club for kids. So, when I was in I was in literally I was in the fifth grade. I was in elementary school. Yeah. When I started going to this like kids club and it was put on by the by the police department. It was in like a warehouse like where a rave would be. They had [clears throat] a DJ. They had like, you know, sodas and and water and stuff and um Yeah. And you would like dance with your I had my first boyfriend at this club. And I remember we were like slow dancing. We were slow dancing to um what's that what's that band that's saying I keep wanting to say all that. That's not the name of the band. All for One. Is that the name of the band? Yeah. All for One. That is a band name. You haven't said the song yet. I I can't remember what the song was. What did they sing? We were slow dancing. I remember um and it was very like you know your h like save room for Jesus type of thing. The all for one I don't know if it's the correct band but the only thing that I can I swear I can love you like that. I swear. No, it was I swear. I swear that's the song. And so um you know it was one of these like you know you're very far away like this. And then I he and I'm in fifth grade. And he put his like arms around me and like pulled me like just like this much closer, like an inch closer. And I'm like, "Oh my gosh." Like, "Oh no, the cops." I'm like, "Are we boyfriend and girlfriend now?" And we were. He then he me he called me cuz we didn't have cell phones back then. Called your dad's house. He called me. No, I had my own You had your own line. I had my own phone line. He called my phone line and was like, "Um, do you want to be my girlfriend?" And I was like, "Yeah, I'll see you at the name of this club." Yeah. On next Friday. And then you guys saw each other. We did. Yeah. And he was with another girl. And he was he was my boyfriend for um I probably the rest of fifth grade and that boy's name was I don't want to say his name. No. What was the other went to school with his sister, but what was it? I don't know who this is. He's friends with one of our friends. They played baseball together. Okay. Type it out in your phone so I can see. What was uh what was the name of that guy that you brought up in the in that last Robbie? Thanks, Kirky. [laughter] That was college. His name was Joey Fetone. Let me see. That was his name that he's friends with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um I Now you tell a story. Bring your notes back up cuz what was that? You had Dave Matthews band. Oh, because there was there was a um there was a song that played when we we ate pizza with your brother yesterday and there was a song that played and I was like, "Oh, Dave Matthews Band." I forgot about them. So, I wanted to like listen to Dave Matthews Band some more. Yeah. Yeah. That's why. So, I wrote down Dave Matthews Band so I didn't forget. What What story do you want me to tell? I don't have it. I have a bad memory so I can't remember back to my Do you have any um I didn't get my first girlfriend until it was Jen. Jen was my first my first true love. But I also when I say my boyfriend in fifth grade, like literally you guys only saw each other on Fridays. This is it. This was the only We didn't kiss. There was none of that. We never talked to each other other than only on the phone and at this this kids club and and and this was the only like I don't even think we held hands. Like it was very like G-rated. Very like words. Just words. Yeah. [laughter] He did draw me a picture and I put it in my Bible because I potential suitors. Number one, Dave Matthews band. The entire band. No, but I have a story. I cannot I have a story about Dave Matthews Band, but I can't tell. [laughter] Well, I mean, you can I can tell it. I can tell it. So, here's the thing. I don't I'm not trying to like I'm not trying to push Patreon, but I do want to mention that that's a little more adult oriented. Not like, you know, I could tell this story in the adult like the Patreon live stream, but I wouldn't tell it here. Just Yeah. But but I do have a story. I [laughter] need the Dave Matthews band story now. It doesn't relate to us exactly. It's like a secondhand story. It's not our story. It's not my story. It Well, I can tell it because you can tell it, but names and faces have been changed to protect the I would never say I would never say names. Yeah. But I Anyway, okay. [laughter] What set? Uh, wait. What am I? Do I have Did you guys ever officially break up? Who? Me and me and my fifth grade boyfriend. Um, you just walked away from each other. He just got a new girlfriend. He literally was like, "Oh, you walked in the next Friday." Well, he's like, "So and so is my new girlfriend." And I was like, "Oh, okay. We were not invested." Um, so wait, I didn't any jam shows on the beach. I don't even know what that is. go to any jam shows on the beach. I don't know what that Yeah. Spicy Dave Matthews. Hello from Germany. Did he cheat? I don't think he cheated, [laughter] per se. You may still legally be dating. You know, you guys are you guys are uh what is that called? What? Like when you're like domestic partnership now? I mean, I don't think so. [laughter] Oh my gosh. Oh, the Patreon is so high. I highly recommend Muppet Treasure Island changed my life. I felt so bad. So, we did our first um movie watch party, which is one of the perks for Patreon, and it was a lot of fun. But we have to do a movie that I haven't seen because I was No, a movie that you have seen. Oh, yeah. That I have seen because I had never seen Muppets Treasure Island and I was very invested in the movie and I I couldn't chat. So, Tim was chatting. Oh, no. The chat. Sorry. The lives on Patreon are not 18 plus. It's just like we didn't think there was kids on Patreon. That's all. Yeah. There haven't been I don't I don't think there's kids on Patreon. I don't know. Um what's this is a good one. What's the best upgrade you did to your house and do you have any plan for the future to this house? So to to our I'll say this for our old house. The best upgrade that we did was the new windows. We put in impact um and like double hug windows so you can you could like pull them down and clean them and stuff. We never actually did, but um and then the uh split the mini splits. Yeah. I put air conditioning in. The house didn't have air conditioning. Yeah. Um and I will say that here's a story I'll tell because a lot of you guys have been asking about Adam and we are um I I didn't watch Adam's dad's video because I like I don't want to cry right now. I will watch it, but I think I need to like watch it at the right time. And I feel like I will cry just because his dad I just the the way that he spoke at the funeral, like I feel like his dad's going to make me cry because I just think that's what's going to happen. Um so I wanted to like watch it in the right time. But um and I'm sure it's a fantastic video. I I know it is. But um but yeah, so some of you guys were asking about about Adam specifically, and I'll tell you a story about Adam. So, at our first house that we lived in, the one that we like did all the work on where we like redid the floors, we went under the house, Adam came to our house, and this is so we didn't have air conditioning, we didn't have heating like that the house, it didn't work when we bought it, right? And so, we had to put that in later. And that's what um somebody was asking what was the thing that you that you um your DIY project that your favorite or your the best one, which was putting in the the AC and the heating. Adam came over for the first time and I don't remember where we were going. We went somewhere. He met us at our house and we went somewhere, but I don't know where. I don't know. Yeah. And um we were so broke at the time and we didn't have any heating and it was cold that we were heating our house with the oven. Yeah. We literally had the oven going and open, which is so dangerous, but it was so cold. We were like huddled up in our kitchen o around the oven cuz we didn't have a working fireplace and we didn't have any AC or heating. The fireplace worked. It's just that the smoke would come into the house. It we needed to have the flu cleaned and so he um Yeah, but he came over and he's like he in your house with the stove [laughter] and it was so embarrassing. But [snorts] he didn't judge. He didn't judge. Like Adam was really not that that's not who he was. He was not like judging us. It was just a funny memory of like, "Yep, okay, it is a fire hazard. Don't recommend it. Do not do it." Um, but yeah, that's that's the first time he ever came to our house. We were we were huddled around the oven. Yeah. And then we went somewhere. I don't remember where we went. I'd have to figure out when that was. Um, but yeah, there's a there's an Adam memory for you. But um my grandma would leave the whole open the whole oven wide open. It's like such a bad idea, but it was the only We were so cold. So um but yeah, we uh have we thought about getting another dog? We talked to somebody about this recently on a cruise and I just like for me I I can't answer for you, but for me I I don't think I could love another dog the way that I loved Bandit and Armani. just don't think that I could. Yeah. And also, we're at a point in our life, number one, we're trying to do travel, which is hard to do with a dog. Yeah. And number two, the kids are uh playing with their toys everywhere. And I'd hate to get a puppy and then have them go after the puppy like accidentally get to one of the kids' favorite toys. I I feel like Yeah. And I feel like if we got another dog or another animal, I think it would have to be when the kids are a little bit older. Um, [snorts] but I don't know. I just I really It makes me sad to like think about, but I just I don't think there's another Bandit, you know, like specifically. I just don't think there's there's another Bandit. So, give them both the same toys. We'll get the puppy a Switch. Nintendo Switch. They'll be like, I don't have any thumbs. This little dog, but I also really want um a rat. Two rats. I guess you can't have just one rat. How long do rats live? So, they live for I want to say it's a couple years or I'm either my brain it's either two years or seven years. I think it's two years, but um I rats are like that would be the pet that I got would be a rat. Yeah. Um yeah, rats rats are great pets. They're um very smart. They're affectionate. They're actually pretty clean. like domesticated rats, you know. Um I had pet rats. Sweetest pet I ever had. They're like I that would be what I would get. Oh no, not rats. Yeah, a rat. [laughter] I don't like they can cook. Rats. Anyone can cook. Really? Truly. That's the truth. Um see rats are wonderful pets. Yes. Oh, watch do an Oscar Oscar watch party. When are the Oscars? So, we have a friend that has an Oscar like party every year and I just don't I'm not an Oscar person. I don't really care about the Oscars. I do. The best pictures. That's it. [laughter] Not like like we just watched the best pictures. Oh, their rat lived for five and a half years. But I also Ally, your parents got you a second rat. Oh, [laughter] no. So, yeah, that's the only thing that's holding me back from getting a rat would be that they don't they live less time than the dogs did. And and the dogs that made me very sad. So, we did have Bats one time. We did have Yeah. Um, yeah, we need Billy Crystal back. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Who Who's hosting now? Is it like Tina Fey and Amy Polar? Don't they It changes all the time, but like I feel like Neil Patrick Harris could do it, right? I don't know. Doesn't he host everything? And like his his Oh, Conan's the host right now. Oh, that'd be funny. Okay, he'd be good. Conan is hosting. Okay, so I do want to give you guys a quick update. We have to this live has to be done by 11. So we have 25 more minutes. Just want to give you guys I feel like I'm talking to the kids right now where I'm like, "Okay, we have 25 more minutes." Yeah. [laughter] Oh, Nikki Glazer. Nikki Glazer was the Golden Globes last night. Okay. Or not last night, but O'Neal does the Tony's. That makes sense. Yeah. He's He's in Broadway shows, right? He has been. I don't know if he's in one right now. Oh, okay. Question for you guys. What are the uh best picture nominees? I'm going to give my best picture nominees. What movies? I don't even know what movies came out because it's from 2025, right? Okay. So, Wicked for Good. Hi, Amy. Thank you for coming, Amy. Best picture. Um 458 458 said, "Any any upcoming trips planned?" We're leaving for one today. Oh, wait. This was for best picture, which is why we are having the live show because we wanted to give you Hold I want to tell them really quick because we wanted to give you guys an update that um we won't be having probably any videos until we come back. So, we're going to be maybe 3 days without videos. And I just didn't want anybody to get worried. So, okay. This says they haven't been announced yet. Oh, they haven't? But experts in experts include one battle after another. Sinners, Frankenstein, Hamnet, Marty, Supreme. Oh, I want to see Hamnet. Uh beonia strong componer train dreams strong component like what are what is this strong possibilities and sentimental value I don't know what train dreams or sentimental values are so I will like if those five right there one battle after another sinners Frankenstein hamnet and Marty supreme are the top five I'll watch all those you you'll watch all the movies yeah I'll watch them let's go sinners is going to win I hope so sinners is so good I haven't seen it but I heard Marty Supreme is amazing Amazing. Yeah. So, like, oh, um, Phyious Gal said, "How long have you been together? Not just married." Okay, so this is fun. We got together in 2004. Four, so 21 years. Yeah. Right. Isn't that wild? Like half of our lives we've been together. And we were living together. Like we lived together that whole time. Yeah. So it wasn't just like we were dating ca, you know, like casually. We like we lived together. Moved in right away. We [laughter] were roommates. We were roommates. And then we started dating six months later. 22 this year. Oh my gosh. I was one. Oh my gosh. I was three. Oh my goodness. [laughter] What? That's wild. Um but yeah. So you know it like this is your this is your your um what's that? What's it called? Your sign sign to just move in with him. do it. I don't know if that's a good idea. [laughter] I think there should be some like we've known each other since for a long time. So like I I feel like I was negative five. Oh my god. Shouldn't you be in school? [laughter] See, the funny thing is Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I wasn't even born yet. [laughter] Thank you. Um moved in with my now wife five months after dating. I think what's your best relationship advice for like for us to you? Yeah. So, I think I think you should talk to each other, you know? It's it's wild, right? So, we Yeah, you should talk to each other. But we did a video um a while back and it was called like vlogging relationship. Yeah. Uh talking about like our vlogging and our relationship. It was something about that and it was um from a few years ago and we talked about like cuz you know we work together every day. We live together. Um we have lived together and worked together for like so we started the YouTube channel 17 years ago, right? Yeah. Is that right? 2019. Is that 2009? Oh my gosh. 16 years ago. Yeah. I don't know. I can't do math. We started the YouTube channel. So, we've worked together and lived together for 16 or 17 years, but we've lived together for 21 years. And so, we I don't know. I think some people are just meant to be together. [laughter] I don't know. Like, like we have really great communication. Um, we love each other. I think you should have a basis of friendship, which we did. Um, you know, I I think like we make each other laugh like but there of course there are days where like we do have like we fight you know like I have disagreements and stuff that's you know bound to happen but I I think that we talk about it like I don't think we let it go for so long that resentment happens right? You know what I mean? Like, and I think we know each other well enough now that like we I don't know. It's kind of like pick your battles type thing. Oh, yeah. It's like, you know, when something is not a big deal, you know? Mhm. I don't know. Does that make sense? Yeah. Well, do you have any advice? [laughter] I said the talking thing. Just talk to That was me. I I was going to say you guys should talk to each other really close to each other's faces. Yeah, that's true. [laughter] Um I think that oh um blessed by Jess said you are couple and parent goals um thank you that's really sweet that's very nice and I think that the kind of parents that we are or me at least anyway is because I had a hard childhood so I didn't want I knew like what not to do and I knew um also like go to therapy that's something not not I'm not saying you need to go to therapy I'm saying going to therapy makes you a better person whether you think you need therapy or not. Like there's something that you probably should be talking about or figuring out about yourself. And so that helped I think with like being a parent and like working through things that happened in my childhood made me you know what I mean? So yeah I don't know. Um, yeah, therapy is great. Like, everybody should go to therapy. You just should, especially like just with the way that the world is and everybody has so much on their plate and, you know, I just I feel like there's a lot of like heaviness. It's just something I think that everybody should do. It's so funny because um, so wait, really quick, slurpie rule said um, talking about therapy and then a better help ad just started. I I'm not an advocate for Better Help. I'm an advocate for like real not that BetterHel isn't real. Actually, no, it isn't real therapy. Go to real therapy. Like BetterHel um I think they've come out and said that they are not vetted. So I would I would check um my actually my therapist told me about the um it's psychologist today.org or.com. you can find a therapist that will work with you on a sliding scale if it's something that you can't afford and they um you can you can find somebody in your price range, whatever it is. So, I think it's psychology today.com is what she told me cuz I had a friend who was looking for a therapist but couldn't afford therapy and so she was helping me help her. So, anyway, there's that. It's so strange because we were talking about therapy and like relationship advice and like there's like a small group of people in the chat that are like Tim when are you bringing the mustache back and it's like such a strange juosition between what's actually happening and then just asking about the mustache. You know what's funny though is that people never stop asking about it and you shaved your must your mustache 10 years ago. Yeah. It's been a decade I think because it was in the like the branding the logo for so long. you're just you're always going to be like the mustache guy, which is fine. Um, you can look for colleges that offer low cost. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's there's a lot of options out there if if money is the like barrier for you. Um Oh, sorry. My neighbor's texting me. Um, there's options. That's my Okay. Sorry. I was reading I was I was looking over and seeing what was going on. I was trying to get the tea. [laughter] They were just letting us know that our gate was open on the side of the house, so I have to go close it later, which is funny. [laughter] Sorry. Um, okay. So, we've got about 15 minutes left, kids. I see Tim in public. Hey, mustache guy. That's fine. You can call me the mustache guy. Um, I might not turn around to it if you yell at Tim and then call me the mustache guy. Yeah. Any plans to go check out HMart? I do want to go check out HMart. Oh my gosh. Okay, so on Instagram, I follow a lot. My Instagram is mainly like food and like fashion and um food and fashion. Those are my favorite Instagram. Whoever has that Instagram account, that's I don't I don't think that I don't follow that one. But um I like um right down Main Street, Kristen, she went to HMart and there's a bunch of stuff that I was like, "Oh, I want to try that. I want to try that. I want to try that." And then um Timmy Timmy takeout he went to HMart and I was like just like I love seeing everything that everybody's eating. Do you still end the video of the vlog with fans? So we do um if if anybody we don't ask people to do it. Like if you come if you say hey and you want to do it just let us know. Just say like can I do the outro? And yeah we would love that. But we just you know nobody's asked us for a minute. So, do you like the Alexa show better than the Skylight Calendar? Yeah. Yeah. The Skylight Calendar didn't do as many things as I thought it was going to do. It's a lot of stuff is behind a payw wall. So, you have to pay if you want to use like the meal planner. Yeah. You have to pay if you want to do um one of the um it's like the activity tracker thing. So, that's kind of annoying. I like the way it looks on the counter, but I don't need And I I [clears throat] do look at that more often than I look at the show for the calendar. Yeah. But I do too. But it's just a big expensive calendar at this point on the counter, which I don't I'm not I do like that I don't have to do anything to it. I just like put it in my phone and it goes to your phone, it goes to the show, it goes to the calendar. Well, and everybody can see it. So like my sister can see, okay, this is what we have going on today. Um and it's it's right there. So, I do like that [snorts] activity [clears throat] tip tracker. Um, thank you, Disney Dreamer. Oh, what HHN house do you think they'll have this year? I'm kind of like and I know this is going to be a like probably a um what's the word? Like a controversial. Not a hot take, but like a like I'd be in the minority for this one. Like I don't think a lot of people are going to have the same opinion or want this. Just your opinion. Just my opinion. But I think I want I want Stranger Things. Yeah, it's just so far out from the actual ending of the show. I That's Yeah. Roma Dog says, "Did you see Ann Juliet?" We did and it was so good. It was so good. [snorts] What do you think opening night date will be? They released it. Yeah, they released it. We already booked our hotel and everything. Yeah. My favorite house was the Wyatt 6. Wyatt 6 was so good. You were supposed to see Prime8. I know. Oh, I didn't. Something happened. I didn't go see it. Yeah, but it um I heard it was like actually a really good movie. Okay. A sinner's house would be awesome. I don't know. Like I I got to watch it. I'm going to watch it when we get back. Yeah. So, um they said, "I saw you on the Destiny Dis Life of Ours was a few doors down." We had so much fun with them. I love seeing them. Uh I love seeing their like outfits cuz they do like their cosplay or is it cosplay? They do like bounding. Bounding. Yeah. Um, they're so good. They're so so good and they're so fun and funny. Scooby-Doo HHN house. So, Universal Hollywood is doing FanFest this spring summer. Oh, the Scooby-Doo thing. Yeah. And they're doing Universal Monsters X Scooby-Doo. Like, this sounds awesome. I want to like go out there. It's like May, April like time. Sorry, my sister texted me. Oh, yeah. She said they were coming back soon. Okay. Do you want them to go to what? No, no, it's fine. They can come back. Well, who determines the vlogging video schedule and ideas? Honestly, we're kind of like a fly by the seat of our pants type of people. So, it's sort of like whatever we want to do that day, unless we have something that's like highly requested, which you guys can definitely leave your requests in the comments like, I want to see you do this. Um, that is something that Patreon, that's one of the perks of Patreon is that they get an opportunity to pick what we do. Um, and so that's something on there. But, uh, any anytime you want to leave a comment, leave it. And if somebody, you know, if you like what they said, you can you can like it. And if it gets, you know, a lot of likes, we'll be it'll go up to the top and then, you know, we'll be able to really see it. I mean, I read every comment anyway, but um, but that would be something that you guys could definitely do. and then we'll do that thing if we can. Can you do a cost breakdown of your cruises for 2025? Yeah. So, when we do our video where we talk about each each uh ship and comparing and and all that, we can we can definitely break that down in that video. Um, you should have Jackson plan a date night. Oo, for a video. I feel like he would want us to play Pokémon Go. Yeah, he would want us to eat pizza. Oh, or PDQ. He loves PDQ for some reason. I don't understand why he likes PDQ so much. I think he likes saying the name, but I think he would want us to play Pokémon Go and eat pizza and then I don't know what else. H I Well, that's a good one actually. I like that. Um, was there an amusement park you really want to visit? Yes, I want to go to Holiday World. Oh, yeah. Like that's I would love to go there. I'd like to go to I want to go back to Dollywood. I want to go back to Silver Dollar City. Yeah. I'd like to go to Canada's Wonderland. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of things I want to do. I want to go to um Europa and I want to go to what's the other one? Ephing. Ene. We were talking to um Chris Provos the and his wife Amanda Provos. So, we were talking to them and they were talking up Effing a lot and it made me really really want to go. Um, they're so nice by the way. Like I had never actually gotten a chance to hang out with them and um I loved hanging out with them so much. They were so much fun. I love talking to them and um yeah, so go check them out if you haven't. I'm sure you probably already have, but if you haven't, go check out the Provos Park Pass. Any Paris goals? What's your New Year's goals for this year? We did all of our New Year's stuff in the New Year's Eve vlog and you guys can check that out there. Cat and mouse said, "I was pregnant when I went to Dollywood and couldn't do anything." Same. I was also pregnant and it was actually we hadn't told you guys yet that we were pregnant and so we took that trip and then I couldn't do anything and I was like, "People are going to wonder why I'm not going on any rides." Like I'm sure somebody's going to be like, "Why aren't you going on that roller coaster?" [laughter] And so we had to tell you guys that we were pregnant because of the video. We were like, "Well, pregnant." Yeah. How wild do you think the last day of dinosaurs is going to be? Probably. Pretty wild. Pretty nuts. Yeah. Um, Lisa United, we are not going to have another baby. I'm sorry. I don't know if that's possible. Tim got a smushmectomy. So, [laughter] also Jackson said for one of his New Year's resolution, his grapes, he goes, "I want you guys to have another baby." But I wasn't, we weren't filming. He just like said it and um I was like, "Oh." I go, "Wait, you want to have another baby?" He goes, "No, I'm just kidding." I was like, "Were you just kidding?" Oh, how in the world do you have time to read all the comments? Just just like this. [laughter] Um, you can get a rat instead. That's true. I'll get him a little rat brother. Get him a a rat brother and name him Remy the rat brother. going to Star Wars Celebration in Los Angeles for 2027. I'll tell you what, if I had anything planned out past this week, I would be happy. So, I don't have anything planned out yet. I um You guys haven't been to the UK in 12 years. When's the next UK visit trip? I would love to go back. I would absolutely love to go back. It's gotten harder with Jackson being in school and them like, we have to go to school. So, like I'm having a harder time planning out trips and things like that, but I would like to do all these things. Yeah, I have um we have big plans, you know, but we were looking at Japan and we had planned we actually had fully planned the trip. So, I have all the notes so we can go on this trip. We have all of our notes and um we just ended up not being able to I don't remember what happened that we weren't able to go the destiny Oh yeah, all the stuff happened with the Destiny and then our friends ended up taking a trip because we were going with some friends. They ended up taking a trip to Europe. So they still went on a trip. Um but yeah, I maybe maybe that's something that we use our notes from last year and go this year. It's one of my grape goals. So Japan. Sorry, my foot fell asleep. My little girl is starting kindergarten in September. Any building from [snorts] today in the UK park? Oh, that's exciting. Universal. I want to go I want to go to the new UK um Universal for sure. Um so starting kindergarten this September. Any advice? I don't think I have any advice because Jackson started so he went um to like the preschool and primary like he kind of started going to school a little earlier. So when he finally started kindergarten, he was so used to the school already. He Somebody said that this is driving them crazy. What? This this that little spot of open Oh, here. I'll fix it for you. I don't know if I can reach it. Made it a little bit. What are you making it worse? [laughter] The heck? Sorry. What ads are starting next to the live stream? H these ads happening next to the live stream are starting to get annoying. What ads? I'm confused. What are they? Oh, yeah. I want to go to the universal. Can you put it down, though? Cuz now we're we're like darker. Like it's it's too back lit. We do see about three palm trees out there. [laughter] Um, so wait. Um, the as far down as it goes because the plugs back there. Oh, sorry. The one in Texas is like kid more kid oriented. So, um Oh, yeah. I'm excited for that. I think the kids are going to like it. [snorts] Um, clock back into work. That's okay, Dan Lamb. We're going to be done in like six. Five minutes, everybody. Dan Lamb. Five minutes. [laughter] Um, you have to go to Effing Plan It Out with Chris. I think that'd be a lot of fun, actually. Yeah, they do a split screen now with an ad. YouTube is so like everchanging. I genuinely don't understand like what I don't know. [snorts] Um, sorry about the ads. We have like literally no control over that. I don't know. I don't know what they're doing. Um, have the boys started playing sports? So, they've always been in swim and Jackson used to be in soccer, but um and then Oliver is in gymnast, like a gymnastics class, and then I think that's really it. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Um we definitely want to do something with Adam Hatton. So, I I we're going to see him on the next time that he is in town. We've already planned it that we're going to see him when he's here. And um I keep trying to tell him like, "Oh, we should do a cruise together." But I think it's like it's a little bit hard with the school schedule, so we got to try to figure that out. But if we do go to the UK, I would love to plan some time to meet up with him for sure. Oh, the Atlanta Aquarium. I want to go to the Atlanta Aquarium. Yeah. Is that the one with the What do they have? They have a big like a whale. They used to have whale sharks, but I think they both passed away. Oh, they did? I think so. Oh, cuz there it's the only place that has ever kept whale sharks. H. So, what did Oliver, sorry, Kaylee said, um, Oliver's so funny. What did he say that was so funny? Remember he said something last night? I don't remember. He always said, "Oh, his story that he was telling." He's So, I was putting him into the bed and I put him in the bed and he goes, I walked out the door and he goes, "Wait, Dad, can I tell you something?" And I said, "Yeah, sure." I came back inside and he goes, "So, um, in the Mario movie, um, Mario, um, he jumps up and he, um, he hits a question mark block and, um, and then they go walking and then they go walking and then they go walking and, um, Misty had a Togepi and then Princess Peach." And I go, "Are you just telling me a story so you can stay awake longer?" He goes, "Um, yeah." So Mari [laughter] like he's so funny. He is like the funniest kid. I I don't know. And I go, "You'll have to tell me the rest of your story in the morning, Oliver, cuz now it's time for bed." Oh my gosh. Um Oh man. Yeah, we got to start to wrap it up. We do have to start to wrap it up. We will um He's so funny. [laughter] We will what did he say though when he wakes when he wakes up from his nap it's like the cutest thing because we tell he so he's having a hard time napping and so we tell him you know okay you can play the the game he plays like Mario Kart or Mario wonder and so you can play the game for 20 minutes after your nap but you have to nap he's like okay so he'll go he'll nap and then he'll immediately wake up and he'll go um okay I napped can I play the game now it's time to play the game and it's so Um, oh yeah, Legoland and Peppa Land. Peppa Pigland soon. I would love to take because I don't think Oliver I think he was like a baby baby when we went to Peppa Pig. So I think he would love that. Um, where did you guys see the Cappy Bears? So we saw them at Amazing Animals and we love Amazing Animals so so much. They are a local exotic animal sanctuary and we actually um sponsored their copyra exhibit. So, we um we were able to help them like build a a bigger expand. Yeah. Yeah. They've like built the pool. They expanded it and they've actually expanded so much um since our last video. So, you should check them out. They're local. They do great work and um we highly recommend it. Alli Party says she wants a hint to where we're going today. Here's my hint for you. Stay tuned to Instagram. I took off I took off my bracelet. What? That's your hint. Okay, that's all you get. Um, so stay tuned to Instagram. We are going to be like you'll see it all today. It's just not happening for like a little bit. But [snorts] yeah, also um you if you are a part of Patreon, you'll see it sooner, but you will still see it today if you are not. So don't worry. Miller's in motion. I still have to message you back. Oh, yeah. I he they are coming to uh town. Oh, cool. Okay. Are they already came? I got to look. It's Everything's been wild as far as things going. So, I know. Yeah. Sorry. I know that we've been we've kind of been like we're not we haven't been as consistent this month and I know you guys know like why and everything and you've been very understanding. Um and this trip that we're going on today, we've we had planned for like months and months and months. So, this is, you know, just something that we already had planned, but we um once we get back, we will get back into our normal consistent like groove. So, we're really sorry about everything. I know that this isn't like really what you expect from us. So, um we'll get back into like the more frequent videos, but as for now, um we're going to be leaving soon. So, we have to actually go and we won't have a video, I don't think, for the next three days. So, we won't have one for Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday. Just want to give you guys a heads up. But, we will have lots of content on Instagram and other the other social medias. So, please be um like follow us there so you can see it. Yeah. So, thank you guys for joining us in the live. Yes. But we do have to go now. I hope you guys enjoyed our stories about Joy Fetone. Yeah. And um I can't wait to tell you my other stories soon about All right. Bye everybody. Is that is it Are we done? I think so. Sorry, I was still reading the comments. Um thank you guys so much for being here and we hope you guys have a great week and we'll see you over on Instagram. Yeah. See you guys later. Bye. Oh no, I forgot how to end it. Oh no. [laughter]
