---
video_id: S8Opk-gZxzY
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "We Found The Coolest Nostalgia Store In Orlando! 90s & 2000's Merch, Guitar Center + Pokemon Concert"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8Opk-gZxzY
---
Good morning everybody and welcome to a home vlog. We are leaving the house right now for this home vlog. We're getting ready to head out run some errands, but I wanted to mention it was the sun was out earlier and it was warm and Jen's like, "Am I going to be cold today?" I was like, "No, it's warm out." And then we came downstairs and the sun has gone away and I feel like you're going to be cold. So, we might have to grab a sweatshirt for you. You think it's going to be cold? Maybe you will be cold cuz it was nice in the sun but a little bit chilly. I think I have a sweatshirt in the car still, so that's fine. But, uh, there's a bunch of stuff we want to do today. So, I want to There's a lighting store I want to go to because I want to replace some light fixtures just I I just want to look. Like I told you guys, I'm a look. I want to look. Ever since we moved into this house, I've been like, "This house is pretty great." And I looked at the light fixtures. I was like, "Who? What?" Well, everything is like the builder grade, right? Like it's like the I know they upgraded these kitchen cabinets and I know they upgraded some other things, but a lot of it is stuff that I'm like m we should probably update these things. Yeah. So, we're going to we're going to start with some light fixtures. There's a store that I want to go to that is a local business. It's called Chromulant Basement and it's like a cool pop culture store that like I've been really really I've been telling Tim like I want to go here. I want to go here for like months. So, we're going to go today. I am very excited and I can't wait for you guys to see it. They have so much cool stuff. Yeah. So, we're going to go do that and uh see what else we can get into. I want to stop by the Guitar Center which is right next to the the lighting store. So, it'll be a quick little pop over there because they have a little room for pianos. As you guys know, I've been trying to find a piano for Jackson, and I just realized this morning he like turned the page on his like lesson book, and it's already talking about something that we need that this piano doesn't have. Oh, okay. So, it's like uh forte, like if you're playing the piano harder to make it louder, this keyboard doesn't do that. Yeah. So, we got to So, I wanted to stop in there, see these pianos in person, and if there's like a piano guy there, ask him like, "What what do you think?" You know, I've asked so many people. Well, and you guys have left your comments, so thank you for that. We've been reading through your stuff. We've been We talked to our to the piano teacher. He gave us his recommendations. Yeah. And the thing that's interesting, too, is like I talked to one of my friends and he's like, "Uh, have you checked on like Craigslist?" And when I looked on Craigslist for these digital pianos, the Yamaha one that the piano teacher recommended is only like used in terrible condition, $100 less than it is new. Really? Yeah. So, I'm like I feel like we should get the that one because then if anything, we just lose $100 by selling it. And so, so there you go. That's that's what we're going to do today. We've got some uh got to go run some errands. Who's Aaron? run some errands with us. So, we are driving to We're going to go to the Cromulent basement first, right? No, cuz it doesn't open until 11:00. Oh, okay. So, Light Bulbs Unlimited first. Light Bulbs Unlimited. Oh, yeah, baby. You got a microphone, so you got to interview me. Oh, okay. We're going to Light Bulbs Unlimited first. I forgot. So, could you hear him talking? I didn't I didn't like put the mics on us yet. I just have one. Oops. Not even film. Not even pointing it at you. So, we are headed to Light Bulbs Unlimited on Fairbanks because we want to switch out some of the light fixtures in the house like we were telling you guys a second ago, but it's near the chromulent basement and we were just kind of like so I've been following the Chromulan basement account since before they opened and um just kind of showing their progress and stuff and it's it looks like such a cool place. So, I've been wanting to go for such a long time. But they basically are two artists from Canada who moved down here uh to do art. They were doing art like mural art and then they got into like the uh the market kind of scene. So they would do like the pop-ups. I don't know if it's like a farmers market or like a convention pop culture like merch type market, but they would do art at those kind of things. And then they said we want to like open our own space. And they did. And it's so cool looking online and I really can't wait to see it in person. But it looks like just a cool place to hang out. So there's another place that we went to a few years ago now that was the Comic Controllers in Claremont. It was the Pop Culture Soda Shop in Claremont, which I also loved. I loved that place so much. And the owners were so cool. And it was like a soda fountain that was pop culture themed soda drinks. And then it was also like just really cool merch and you could go and play video games. And I think Jackson would actually really like it now that he's a lot older and he is into like Nintendo. I think he would actually really like that place a lot. It's just so far away from us. So, um we'll I'm sure we'll go back there. But this Cromulent Basement kind of gives me the same vibes like nostalgia, just like community, hanging out, cool stickers. I'm I really want to like look at their stickers. I have so many stickers that I don't put on anything. I don't I just look at them. Like I'm afraid that if I put them on something like my laptop case that when I get a laptop, like if I have to get a new laptop, all my stickers that I love are like they're not going to be on a thing that I look at every day anymore. So, what do you do? What do you do with stickers? I don't want to put them on my water bottles because I feel like they'll just come off in the wash. So, where should I put them? Do you remember sticker books where you would just like take your stick? It was almost like a like a scrapbook but for stickers and then you would just like look at your book of stickers like that. Yeah. Is that what I do with them? Yeah. Or you or instead of stickers, you get tattoos. Said or instead of stickers, you get tattoos. I don't think I'm going to do that. It never goes away. I think I think I probably won't do that. But I'd like to find a place to put all my cool stickers because I have this one sticker that is on my laptop. my old laptop that I like don't want to get rid of my laptop because I love the sticker so much. Which sticker? The one that it just it's a heart and it just says anxiety and I I really love that sticker. So yeah. Anyway, oh I also have one that looks like stupid sexy Flanders when he's in his like ski suit and it's like his little butt, you know? Those are my two favorite stickers and I I just can't get rid of my laptop even though I have never used it in the last couple of years. But I just I love the stickers so much. Anyway, this has been my rant about um loving stickers and not knowing what to do with them. So, we're going to go to the Cromulant basement, look at all their fun merch. They love the Simpsons and we also love the Simpsons. So, I want to see all their Simpsons stuff. I'm just very excited. So, anyway, we're going to go look at some light fixtures first and then we'll go there and we'll show it to you. Okay. So, we're currently driving down Fairbanks. Now, we're headed towards the uh the Guitar Center and the lighting place. And this, if you guys remember when we did our Mills 50 food video um last year or the year before that, this is kind of like the area that we're going to be in is where we went to all those restaurants. It's it's a cool area. There's a lot of food stuff. There's just a lot of stuff to do down there. So, if you're here on vacation and you're like wanting to do a day outside of the theme park bubble, I recommend like coming and checking out just like Orlando. It's like just Orlando cuz there's so many cool things to do and see that you know you don't have to go to the theme parks. And it's funny. It's funny because it Orlando is gigantic. So like right now we're actually in Winter Park. So we still call this Orlando even though it's Winter Park, but there's a lot of stuff. Winter Park, Winter Garden, uh Lakeland, like these are all places that we call Orlando. So just keep that in mind. Yeah, it's just a big place. And we're currently in like the cultural corridor, so you'll see signs on the light poles. This one says arts and culture. Be inspired. There's just I don't know. I would just take a drive down here. You're going to find something cool. I guarantee it. So, this is where we're going to the LBU lighting. Ooh. I remember driving past this place. Oh, yeah. It looks so cool. Oh my gosh, look at all those lights. Wow. Oh, this is exciting. Look at that. Find anything? I don't know. I think that's why before we left, I was like, let's take pictures of the things that we want to change so we can show them cuz they probably can help us better. So, this place looks so fun. What an adult place to go. Light bulbs unlimited or LBU lighting. Light bulbs unlimited lighting. Yeah, let's do it. So, let's find a light. There's one right there. We found it. That's what Jen said. I want a square light to hang outside. And there's one right there. Yeah, it's the perfect size. I want a clear one. We did it. We found them. I I got to buy these little lights. How much are these? I don't know. Oh, there it is. Look at it. It's perfect. Oh, there's so many things to do. So many things to look. Wait, I got to show you this. Hold on. Come this way. Let me I just showed them. Oh, did you? Yeah. This is the light from the light that we always love at the Grand Bohem or at the the Bohem the place before we go see the plays. Um my friend's birthday was yesterday and she loves this. So, we're we're buying this for her birthday. Buy her tiny lamp. She's going to love it. I hope she's not watching this video cuz I want it to be a surprise. I don't even know what this one. We're going to buy this light right here. I like this one. It It feels like we're doing hotel stuff. It's really fun though. Like this is I like this one. It's like an upside down like leaf. I do like this one. There's so many. Yeah, that one's great. There's so many just like I think what my question is is like where would it go? Just in our house. Just we'll hold it. In what room? I want to replace the fan in our living room, too. And like I don't want to do the bathroom. I want to just like buy all Whoa, look at this one. That one's so wild. But I like this one. Oh yeah, that's nice. Like for above the dining room table. Okay. Like isn't that nice? It is. But it needs a square table. We have a round table. Well, we can get a square table. Oh my gosh. I also want one of these or like two of these for the bathrooms. Yeah, those are nice. I love it when you go to a hotel and it has good lighting like that. Oh my gosh. Oh, that one's weird. This light is wild. I feel like I could never be an interior designer. No, it's too many decisions. Look at this. This is wild. Oh, that's cool. How like you can like swag them. Oh my god. Oh, they turned off. Oh my gosh. There's one in the front that they have um swagged. Yeah. And it looks neat. Oh my gosh. Yeah. This is like Wow. Fancy town. Like over top of your kitchen table. It's very cool. I need an adult an adult interior designer. There's I do too. Yeah. To help me truly with this. Our house is so mismatchy. Where do you buy rock light bulbs? Like that's like a later year problem. Don't worry about that. But like our house is kind of mismatched right now. So, we need to like get a cohesive like a theme design theme, which I think I have a theme. You have a theme in mind? Yeah, but I don't think we have that theme in the house yet. No, we we definitely don't. Got to get rid of that brown couch first. Okay, so we just left the lighting store. We met Damian. He was amazing. Thank you so much for helping us there. There were a lot of choices. So, I think our next step is to talk to a designer who can help us create a cohesive look throughout the house because I feel like if I just pick random things that I like, it I it might not come together like I think it would. You know what I mean? Right. So, what are your thoughts? I agree with you 100%. Uh I think that I have an idea of the style that I'd like. Yeah. But I don't know if I pick just like this. I want like if I pick like a line like a a group of lights and just put them all in there, will it look correct? So for me, I like I like the more natural kind of almost coastal but not coastal look. Like I don't want it to look like we're trying to turn our house into like the be a beach house look, but I just like the natural like uh stone or wood or you know the the wicker kind of look, the creamy kind of brushed brass, that sort of look. I like that. But I don't know if that's like what our house is. Well, okay. So, we are trying to make that be our house. Like we are slowly like if you look at our TV Yeah. It's got the natural frame around it and it's got it's over top of a like a white cabinet that's like distressed. So, I think we have an idea of what we want to do. We just have to talk to like a professional. I got to see how much that is though cuz I don't actually know how much it is to get like a interior designer. It's probably crazy. So, that might not be an option. But, we're going to look and do a little research. But, I have an idea of what Oh, rise biscuits. Boula. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. Boula. So, we came here. There's a place here on the corner called Boula. It's like a gastro pub type place. And the food was really good. It's by 60 Vines, like if you know that kind of area by Trader Joe's in uh Winter Park. Uh also, I was reading an article that was kind of interesting that I guess Trader Joe's is like a status symbol in the UK cuz they don't have Trader Joe's. So people in the UK, I don't know how true this is, this is just something that I saw on the internet, they will wear Trader Joe's bags. It's like a cool hip thing. Oh, like just a shopping bag. Yeah, to wear like those canvas bags, like a Trader Joe's bag. Is that true for you guys that are from the UK? Let me know cuz I thought that was very interesting. Um, but yeah, so we have an idea of what we want to do now. We're going to head over to the Guitar Center and see what we see. So, we're currently in the Winter Park Village at the Here's the Cheesecake Factory. Fun fact, I used to work here. Okay, so here's the Guitar Center. It's really big. I don't remember it being so big. Oh, our house. I don't I'm not going to go there. It's too expensive. Oh, okay. I already know how you can go to our house. It's very expensive. There's a lot of places that have dupes for our house stuff, though. Um actually, right now Walmart has a lot of our house dupes currently on Oh, but they have lighting in there, too. Yeah. When I when I looked it up, this is like their specific lighting our house. Oh, I mean, we can like take a peek, but I don't I think that's going to be too expensive for us. Um, but when I was in college, that's when I worked at the Cheesecake Factory. Um, I put on my MySpace that I was a factory worker. I'm like, "Factory worker." And somebody there, one of my friends, like her boyfriend was like, "Jen works at a factory." And she's like, "The cheesecake factory." Do you remember when you tried to be like like, "I'm not like the other girls." Yeah. That's me. That was me in college. I'm literally just a banana in pajamas. Okay. So, let's go to the um the guitar center. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go shred. Let's go shred it up. Shred some guitars. Shred some cheddar cheese. Oh, grandma. Oh, granny. So funny because in my youth, I've been in the store so many times, but it's been since I'm an adult. I don't think I've been in here. No, we did. Cuz we bought something for the cousins. Different place. Oh, it wasn't here. Yeah. We're going to the keyboard section. Ah, yes. Keyboards. Lots and lots of key. See, like this sort of thing. Not that thing. That thing seems It's a $1,000 thing. But yeah, this one's 2500. Oh my goodness. Oh, I didn't look at the price. This is what we're going to get him right here. This ridiculous moogar. Okay, man. So heavy. Oh, I would imagine it's a whole piano that you wear around your neck. Oh, she's doing it. Play something. Play. Play Wipe Out. I can't play anybody. Play Free Bird. This is fun. Yeah. Put your foot on the pedals, too. Hit that bass drum. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah, that's the bass drum. And this pulls down your high hat. So Oh, you do both. You can do this or this. Yeah. You're doing fantastic. Whoa. There's a Bluey episode where Bingo is like really good at drums. I kind of want this for me. Yeah, you should do it. You should really hit it. $3,700. Never mind. This is where you want to be. This is like the room with the expensive ones in it. Look at that weird looking one. This is like That's a $20,000 guitar. Yeah. Right there. Oh my gosh. What's it from? It just say it's 1960 Fender Stratacastaster. Wow. Wow. So, we just left the guitar center. We got the piano. Uh, we should hopefully get it by Monday. We'll see, but we'll show it to you guys when it comes in. We read all of your comments. We like you guys had some really good like real life experience with the pianos, so it was great to read, you know, why you like the one you liked and it really helped. So, we ended up with a Yamaha, but we'll show it to you when it comes in. And the guy that helped us with it, so this is kind of interesting. He was the world record world record holder for the Mew collection in Pokemon. Like he has all the different things. Yeah. Like he's got all Mew stuff. Like he said a toothbrush, all the cards, like all the stuff, which I thought was really interesting. I just since Jackson and Oliver are so into Pokemon, since they've gotten into Pokemon, I've realized how big Pokemon really is. Like it's it spans generations. Pokemon Pokemon is the largest media franchise in the world. Well, I just didn't I just didn't know. It's surprising to me that theme parks like I know it just they just opened an area in Universal Japan or it's only theme park it own its own parking in KTO but like or Kanto. How do you pronounce it? Is it Kanto or KTO? That's the Pokemon region. I don't think that's a real place. No, it is. Okay. I'm I'm pretty sure that's where it is. Okay. Is that It's a Pokemon region. There is a theme park because I saw TDX, what's his name? TDR TDR Explorer. TDR Explorer. I saw him go to the Pokemon Park. Okay. So, but I'm surprised that like it's not in Universal or Disney or whatever here. But you can't be making that face. It's just what I heard. It's just what I heard. Okay. I don't know if it's true, but I heard that we might be excited here in the future. So anyway, who knows? But yeah, like Pokemon, it's pretty cool. So I'm excited. I'm excited for um anytime somebody else is into Pokemon, I'm like, you know, our kids, our kids love Pokemon. So it's just fun. It's fun to hear like how many people love Pokémon. P O K E M O N party. They also have some bops, like some real real jams out there. Yeah. So, uh, I'm gonna be the best there ever was to feed all the rest. Yeah, that's my cause. Electro, Diglett, Nina, and Mankey, Venusaur, Ratata, Firo, Pidgey. Yeah, Kingi. You know which one I really like? I like the um uh What kind of Pokemon are you? Are you something something through and through deep inside? What kind of Pokemon are you? What kind of And how's it go? What kind of Pokemon are you? Yeah, that's my I love all the Pokemon music. You're only singing because you have that microphone in your hand. Don't make me sing. Don't make me do it. Um, another thing earlier I was talking about how people from the UK love Trader Joe's, which I don't know if that's true. Tell me if that's true. But they also love to watch American girls shop at HomeGoods is what I read. Do you guys not have a HomeGoods? I feel like by HomeGoods. Oh, yeah. Sorry. There it is. Homegoods. But I feel like you do have a HomeGoods. It's just called something else over there. Like you have TK Maxx instead of TJ Maxx. But I think you do have a HomeGoods. Leave it in the comments. I love to learn things. Oh no, that sign fell over. What sign? Oh no, this man. Here's the sign that fell over because the bolt on the top of the sign, something happened where the bolt broke. And so a long time ago, if you've been around with us for a little bit, you might know that we used to have to tell Jackson a bolt story every day because there was a stop sign in our neighborhood that looked just like that where the top bolt had fallen off or broken. And the stop sign was upside down. And he's like, "What happened?" And Tim was like just jokingly was like, "Oh, the bolt must be on vacation. He must have must have had to leave to go to work or something." And he's like, "Oh." Oh. So then we told him a story about how the Bolt He's like, "Where'd the Bolt go?" And we told him a story about how the Bolt went on vacation. And uh so then every day for like years, he wanted us to tell him the Bolt story. What's the Bolt doing today? And that's what we did. Told him a Bolt story. So there you go. We're at Cava. And there's no parking. Oh, no. There was a spot right back there. There was? Yeah. There was a front row. Oh my goodness. Yeah. We're at Cava, which I sometimes will just have a craving for Cava and there's not one near us. So, anytime we're out and about and there's a Cabba around, I'm like, "Ooh, let's eat a Cava." So, that's what we're going to do. This is just I think like my day today. Yeah. Tell them what a Cabba is. I got to I will I got to look at I got to look at lighting. I got to talk about pumpkin. You got to sing the I got to sing. I got to serenade you. And next, we're going to go to this place that I'm so excited about. So, anyway, first let's go to lunch. Here we are. Cava, we're doing it. Look at Jen. She's like a tourist. I'm doing it for Instagram. This is for Instagram. Oh my goodness. There it is. So, I get the chicken haresa, the haresa avocado bowl, but I don't like the chicken, so I just get veggies instead of the chicken. Wo, this place is delicious. If I could open a franchise near us, I would. Mine I'm going to take it out and show you guys, but mine is uh steak. Steak and feta. There it is. Yeah, it doesn't look very appetizing here, but I promise you it is very delicious. And I got the tiniest chocolate chip blondie. Then we got cucumber mint lime uh drink. Oh, lime it. Yeah, it said lime, didn't I? Okay, we're all done with lunch. It was delicious. I love Cabba. You should go eat lunch at Cabba if you haven't tried it yet. It's very, very good. Now, we're going to the place I've been waiting to go to all day. I'm very excited. We need to pick up Jackson uh from school. We need We have about an hour and a half. This store isn't huge from what I've seen online, so we should be able to see everything and show you everything. And I'm going to link their Instagram down below so you can check them out. If you're not in town and you just want to see it, you know, online, you can do that, too. But yeah, we're going to go check it out. I'm so excited. Passing by this Oh, no. Don't pull up cuz I can't see the sign. This Tam Orange Tree Antique Mall. Yeah, I want to go there. I've never I don't think I've ever Sorry, you were so zoomed in. I'd like to go there one day. Okay. What do you think? Yeah, let's get let's go to an antique mall. It looks fun. The one that people always want us to go to is the one in Lakeland, but Lakeland is so far away from us, so we just haven't gone there yet. And then there's another one that Where's the other one? Down by Legoland. Oh, Legoland. That's Lakeland, right? No. Oh, is that a different place? Winter Haven. Winter Haven. Okay. So, we used to have a like a flea market which basically had an you know, they had like antique booths in there as well, but it was in Sanford and it was it closed. I'm kind of sad that we don't have like the flea market anymore. Yeah. I think we need a flea market. It was called Flea World. Yeah. And there was also a place there called Funworld. Mhm. Which the last place I ever went on a Tilta World. So, and they also had like the circus. This was back I mean we were very young so this was a long time ago. I know we used to go there and get like mixed nuts. I used to go with my grandparents and and buy nuts from the flea market. There they had all kinds of stuff though and I I wish I wish we had a flea market still. I'd love that. I'd buy discount tires and I would buy get I get my cars tinted there. You could get anything at the flea market. You want to buy a sword? They got you. They also had like the fake, you know, like fake Jordans and like fake fake things, you know, and um I used to get that kind of stuff when I was a kid. So, it was a cool place. You could get airbrushed t-shirts. They had everything. They had tattoo shops in there. You could get some some cool Reebok uh lumps. Oh, yeah. They were they weren't pumps. They were lumps. That's funny. But yeah, I missed the flea market. I wish that we still had that. So, you see this um Anh Hong restaurant? That's actually where we started our Mills 50 food crawl and it was really good. It's true. I was Do you have any thoughts? That's my It was great. I loved it. I really like the Sichuan. That was fun stuff. That wasn't there. No, but it was it was at a restaurant right up here. It was in the same video. Oh, so so the place where we went to have the Sichuan was called Schwanlu Gardens and they actually closed and they renovated and reopened under a new name. And I saw it because somebody that I follow on Instagram um her account is called Somehow I'm Everywhere. I'm going to link it down below because she she has a lot of really good like Orlando um like just news and like stuff about you know new restaurants and all that kind of good stuff. But I'll link her her account down below if you want to check it out. But she went and ate there recently and I was like hey wait a minute. I'm like this is that place that we went to and it's like super fancy now. Yeah. So the other restaurant that the owner has got Michelin recommendation or Michelin star. Yeah. And so I think they're It was recommended, I think. Yeah. I think they're trying to do that same thing with this one. Uh yeah, it looked very nice. But that was a lot of fun. That was a really fun day. I'd love to do that again. So, and then we went to this Han Coffee place right here and that was really good. But yeah, I want to do another food crawl. That was so much fun. All right, here we are. We are in the Mills 50 district down here, which is the corner of Mills Avenue and 50. This is 50 out here. And we're going down there a little bit. Oh no, Jen got locked in the car. Lisa's little library. That's fun. Let's do it. Let's go to the Commul basement. Buy some art goods, trinkets, knickknacks, mostly cool stuff. Gifts, gadgets, gizmos, wows, cowabanga, yehaw. Magic mystery. Gonzo on a scoop. I'm a fan of uh mixing together Simpsons and Star Wars cuz cuz I love that. Also a trash can that looks like a spaceship. So um this is from from D from Strat Studios. She's the one that was making some of our Halloween merch. Oh yeah. She actually made one of my favorite shirts that we own. Yeah. Yeah. It's the one that looks like a comic book. Yeah. It's Yeah. She She made Not a Cloud in the Sky, too. She did. Yeah. She designed that. Yeah. An old Epcot Center matchbook. The Magic Kingdom. Oh no, I'm breaking everything. Which one do you like? The the Lisa lamp. Yeah, I heard she needs braces though. So, Muppets Treasure Island tattoo flash. Let's go. Best buds forever. It's a big old goofy world. Also, Muppet Babies. Poor Hank Hill with his little butt. Also, Keith Herring Muppets crossover. Love it. Big ideas a little behind. I'm not a state, I'm a monster. So, I have games here that you can free play. You can play Mario Kart over here on the Nintendo 64. This is just a table full of Pogs. Amazing. Lizzie Magcguire and Duff Beer. Valentine's Day cards. You really care to my piggy? I think this is the perfect one. Oh, yeah. Got two tickets to Iron Maiden. Baby, that worm doesn't have any feet. I don't know. We're reading that in book club. Oh, yeah. I don't know. But what if we kiss in the McDonald's burger jail? Sorry for my erratic driving, but I wasn't meant to live under capitalism. I really like this honky dog goose hat. It's super fun. Well, that was fun. I really liked it. We bought a lot of stuff. I bought some stuff to do like a giveaway, but it's very niche. It's stuff that I like, so you guys might not like it, but if you do, enter the giveaway. I'll show you guys at the end of the video. So, here's a look at us passing by the Chromulant basement so you can see it from the from the front a little better. But that was so much fun. I loved everything in there. I can't wait to go back. They seem to get new merch kind of like frequently. That was I love that. That's my favorite kind of day. Just like dillydallying, especially in a store that has stuff that I like. also local business, local people, local artists, local everything. I know. Very, very cool. Um, so yeah, uh, we even talked to them about commissioning a blinky like art piece from the Simpsons. We love the Simpsons and they love the Simp The Simpsons. So, it was just, you know, I don't know, a lot of fun. Really liked it. Highly recommend checking it out. It is pretty small, so you can add it to your day. like if you're having lunch out here or you know just like in the area, I think you could pop in for like an hour or so and find some cool stuff. I don't know if you guys can see it, but there's a sign over there that says Greenwood Cemetery and we're getting ready to get onto the the interstate here or like the highway, but we've been to that Greenwood Cemetery. It's a historic cemetery here in Orlando. We used to do tours. They would do like um historical tours where you would learn things about the people that were buried there. And we followed the groundskeeper on Twitter and that was really cool. He had a lot of good information. Yeah, they had a wooden a wooden headstone. Yeah, it was I think there was like one wooden headstone and I don't know how that works. I think you have to take good care of it. Yeah, it's a little bit later on. I am actually in Jackson's room right now because it's the quietest room in the house at the moment and the kids are downstairs. Tim's trying to make dinner and it has like the best lighting. Although the lighting is not great. Anyway, we're back home. We're back home from our fun day and I wanted to show you what we got from the promulant basement. So, let me pull everything out. Let me start with I'm going to start with the bigger things and then move on to the smaller things. So, Tim got this amazing shirt. It's an alien shirt, but it's Alf because Alf is an alien life form. He is the original alien. Is he the original alien? I don't know if he's the original, but he's the coolest. And it says, um, "Huh, I kill me." I remember watching Alf as a kid because we didn't have cable and I feel like ALF was on regular TV. Uh, I got this really cool bag. It's a Richard Scary themed tote bag. It's from a brand called Out of Print. And I love it so much. I think this is so cool. I'm going to use this for the kids activity bags. So, when we go on like cruises or vacation, I have a little bag that I use, a little canvas tote bag that I put their games and books and stuff in. And um this one is great cuz it's heavy duty and it'll I'll be able to carry like a lot of books. So, that's wonderful. I also got we got the Muppets Treasure Island uh tattoo flash because I mean, how can you not how can you pass this up? This is amazing. We just watched Muppets Treasure Island with you guys during our movie watch party. It was the first time I ever saw it. Honestly, I don't know what was wrong with me. Why did it take me so long to see that amazing movie? I got this cool bumper sticker that says, "Stop honking and start hanking." I love King of the Hills, so that's amazing. Uh, this California postcard from the iconic uh Paris, Britney, and Lindsay Lohan night. I remember watching a video where they actually talked about this night and I guess Paris was saying that Lindsay Lohan like shoved her way into this car. They didn't want her to come, but she like shoved her way into the car. So, um there's a little behind the scenes. Oh, okay. So, next I got everything else is um mainly stickers, but I did get this pen and I'm going to read it to you. It says, "I'm just a dumb bee writing some dumb s." And I'm not going to say the words because this is a family channel, but I love this pen. So, I will be using that. Uh, the rest of the things were stickers. So, I got these two stickers that obviously you can't buy one without the other. So, I got these two to go on my laptop. Although, like I said earlier in this video, I don't really know what to do with stickers because I feel like once you stick them on something, if that thing isn't a permanent forever thing, then you lose your stickers, which is sad. I got this six sad world one because I love Daria. And a while back actually I got this sticker that was a Disney version of that and it was called it said Walt Disney World but it was in the six sad world like font and I thought that was really cool. And I got this animal like holographic animal in the heart sticker. I love this. It's so beautiful. And I got the the worm the the Richard Scary Worm do a kick flip sticker. And then they threw in some basement dweller stickers. So that's fun. And they also threw in some matchbooks that say holy smokes. So that's cool. And everything else that we got. Oh, and then Tim got that hat at the very end of the video that said uh Cromulant Basement Orlando or Perfectly Cromulant, I think it says. And then I also got a little surprise for you guys. I got a some stuff to do a little giveaway. So, I don't I can't do the giveaway on YouTube, though, because I can't privately message you on YouTube. They don't have an an option for private messages. So, I'm going to have to do the giveaway on another form of social media, Instagram or Twitter, but I can't I can't do it on YouTube cuz I have no way to message you if you won. So, look out for a giveaway on Instagram or Twitter, I guess. I got um which, by the way, okay, I got this car air freshener. I opened my bag and I was like, "Why does this smell so amazing? It smells like apple, but like the apple from Bath & Body Works. Like that apple candle. It smells just like that." So, this whoever gets this, they're going to be um smelling pretty amazing. I got this delusional thoughts little notebook. I love a good notebook. I have an entire box full of notebooks and I love them. And then this pen that says, "I'm not like the other girls. I'm way worse. So, there's that. There is a pack of 2000's like trading cards, collector cards. It's a mashup of favorite pop culture and counterculture phrases and designs of Y2K. It also includes trivia questions. But the reason why I got this and not the '9s one is because this one has a little USB on it. And if you're a member of our Patreon, you might be a USB enthusiast. you might be a palm tree expert, but I just figured that some of you guys might appreciate that. And then I also got this fun little Garfield phone sticker, which I thought was really cute. I would totally put this on my laptop. And this bumper sticker because this was on their um this was on their uh their little Lisa's free library thing outside and I thought that was really funny. So there you go. And then of course some basement dweller stickers and some chromulent basement matchbooks. So that'll be the giveaway if any of you guys are interested in these things. Look out for the giveaway on Instagram or on Twitter. So that's yeah, that's where I have to do it. But yeah, that was I loved it. I had so much fun. I loved looking at everything. And I hope you guys enjoyed checking out the our phone Orlando day. All right, so Oh, there's the hat. Here it is. Is there like a way to like model hats? That's the correct way. Yeah, just like that. You're doing it. I feel cool. So, thank you guys so much for hanging out with us today and um just hanging out around Orlando. I had a lot of fun and I want to do more videos like this where we just tech check out like local places. We used to do that a lot actually in previous years. I'm going to link a playlist down below that's called, I think, real Florida Adventures and then other attractions. There's two playlists I'm going to link down below so you can see some other places that you might not know about. And yeah. Yeah, I really enjoy Crimeland Bavement. I love going to a music store. I haven't been to a music store in forever. And we should be getting our piano hopefully soon. This is that what it said? Yeah. Okay, cool. So, yeah, you'll see that in a home vlog. But, um, but yeah, thanks for hanging out with us. And we're actually headed out to go to a theme park right now. So, you'll see some more theme park content very soon. But, uh, with that being said, we're off. We'll see you guys tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
