---
video_id: oWQwaA1H9wE
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "I Went To California To Play Pokémon Go At The Rose Bowl! | Pokémon Go Tour The Road To Kalos"
published: 2026-02-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWQwaA1H9wE
---
Good morning from Los Angeles. We are here today because we're going to the Rose Bowl in Pasadena to experience the Pokemon Go Tour. So, if you guys are not familiar, Pokemon Go is a a mobile app that you can go around and walk in the real world and catch Pokemon characters and battle in gyms and battle in raids and like it's just a I'm having a lot of fun doing it. Jackson's been playing it a lot and Oliver has started to get into it, too. Uh, so if you're a fan of Pokemon and you don't know what Pokemon Go is, you should definitely check it out. It's in all of the app stores and the Google Play Store and everything available on a mobile device, but we are going to an in-person event today. And an in-person event is basically just like a gathering of people playing Pokémon Go. It was a separately ticketed event. Uh, Pokemon did provide us with tickets, so that's where we're headed to today. And we're going to be able to there's going to be character meet and greets. We're going to be able to meet Pikachu and Eevee. There's going to be special merch there. There's it's divided into three different sections. It's divided into the central village, which is in the stadium area, the actual Roseb area. Then there is the mountain manor, and there's also the coastal laboratory. And those last two are across the golf course that's near the Roseb. And it's just going to be like a big area of Pokemon themed stuff and people playing Pokémon Go. So, I'm excited. I'm like stocked up on Pokeballs. And also tonight they're doing this thing that's called uh Mega Raid Night. So, they just introduced mega raids, which are mega evolved Pokemon that you can battle in a raid, and it takes like 20 people to take down a mega Pokemon. I did a few last night at CityWalk here because I'm staying near Universal Hollywood, and it was difficult. They were hard. They were hard raids, but I have a feeling when we're actually at this event, at the Kos event, this is Kos, and I think that's kind of like California, Los Angeles, Kos kind of mixed together. Um, but it's a region in Pokemon Go, and there are different uh Pokemon from that region. So, we're going to be catching Pokemon from that region. and the Mega Pokemon. I have a feeling tonight at the Mega Pokemon uh raid event tonight, a mega Pokemon raid nights, we're going to be it'll probably be a little bit easier to catch those mega Pokemon because I think there's going to be a lot of people battling one Pokemon. So, let's do it. Let's go get some breakfast. Uh it is now 7:15 in the morning and the event doesn't start until 9:00. So, we got a little bit of time ahead of us. We're going to go get some breakfast, then we'll catch an Uber out to the Rose Bowl. Also, another thing that we have to remember when we're going to the Rose Bowl is we need a clear backpack. So, I got a clear bag on my back and uh they have a strict one portable battery policy per person. So, I have one portable battery for my phone, but I did bring extra batteries for the camera. We'll see what happens when we get there. Hopefully, it'll be okay because they're not technically portable batteries for the phone. They're for the camera. I just noticed this on uh the level that I'm on 14 out in the lobby or out the elevator lobby. I thought this was the Ghostbusters car. It's not. It's just like somebody on vacation. But doesn't it look like the Ghostbusters car? All right, all done with breakfast and the good news is it has warmed up slightly. It's uh 44° outside now. So now we're just waiting on an Uber and we'll be on our way. We have made it to the Rose Bowl. There's going to be a lot of people here. Look at all these cars that are parked around. Wow. All right, so we're headed to gate A. Look at this line of people out front. Oh, this is exciting. It looks like that line is just for bag check. Wow, this is impressive. It's so wild because for a while I thought nobody was playing Pokémon, but everybody is. All right, we've made it inside and now just start playing Pokémon. Look at how ridiculous this is. Just like stuff everywhere. Wanted to give you guys a look at the map so you can see it's a big big space. We're just going to be roaming around. I get to go in and get my picture taken with Pikachu. I think it is interesting cuz it's just kind of like people walking around playing Pokémon Go. Oh, look. They put some like Pokémon stuffies on the uh on the forklift. They got some food, some teryak bowls, some coffee. I'm still trying to find my way actually into the stadium. I'll get in there at some point. And this right here is where you would come to pick up any merch that you pre-ordered. I did pre-order a shirt, but I'll wait till the line goes down a little bit a little bit later today. Not in any rush. Exciting. It's a shiny one. Oh, I think I can get into the stadium here. >> Let's go. It's kind of spooky. We're going down. Oh, that's why the other ones are closed because we're not going into the actual stadium. We're going down onto the field. Oh, you could go into the stadium, sit down, have a relax. Look at this. It's kind of a lot calmer in here. I think this is the line to meet Pikachu or Eevee. Pikachu is going to come out at 10:00. So, we just got to wait here for about nine minutes and then Pikachu will come out. Here comes Pikachu. You're doing great, Pikachu. We're all proud of you. Nice work. >> Who's ready to meet Pikachu? >> Who isn't ready to meet Pikachu? >> So, Pikachu is only out for 20 minutes, but look at this line for Pikachu. Goes all the way across the field. And then over here they have the inflatable version of the first three Pokemon in the Kos region. So this is Chess Pin, Fenkin, and then you have Froaky. All right, I'm going to head back outside of the stadium to see what else is happening on the outside of the stadium because it seems like this is just sort of what's happening inside of the stadium is this meet and greet over here and then these inflatables here. And then Eevee will be out a little bit later for a meet and greet, but that's going to be happening all day. So I'll come back in a little bit later in the afternoon. Oh, lots and lots of food items out here. Wow, there's a lot of food items. Then there's some food trucks over there, too. So, there's some gates over here that we could leave out of and go into this field area over here. And there's more stuff out there. I'm going to keep going all the way around the stadium one time, make like a lap around the stadium. We've got a long time that we're here. So, I'm going to go around the stadium one time, then I'll head out into these fields out here. It's a golf course. There's an official Pokémon Go Tour merchandise location here. Like I said, we will be stopping in at these a little bit later. It seems like people are stopping by these places first thing in the morning, and the lines are a little bit long. All right, there it is. We made it all the way back to the beginning there. Now, we're going to head back this way and go out into the like golf course area that we saw earlier. So, we made it all the way back to the beginning where gate A was. That's where we came in. And now, we are going to head back in this direction. Number one, because we have to pass by the Pokemon store again, the merchandise location, because we did like a return time for that. And also, we'll be able to go out into the field over here, like the golf course area, the other areas of the event. All right, my appointment time has come up to go into the merchandise store. Okay, so just kind of going around and seeing what there is. Little plushies. Some other little plushies over here, too. There's some unowned plushies. That's fun. I don't know if they have any kids shirts, but they do have some shirts. Well, they have some like fun Hawaiian shirts, >> too. >> It's a good time. They also have a few pins here. I have a feeling if you wanted merch, you should have came. Yesterday was the first day of this event. There's a huge ditto pin. So funny. Or quick ball. We have this in like plush form, but this one's $100. All right. All right, now we're heading out into the field areas. Have a look around here. What's this line? There's a big long line right here at the Pokémon Goore for Mega Knight. I guess people are maybe buying into Mega Knight. Yeah, they are getting their wristbands for Mega Knight. So, tonight we'll be here tonight, too, for Mega Knight, but that's what everybody's been in line for is to get their wristbands for when they can come back tonight. This is wild. There's a couple of fun Pokémon stops out here, like a Pokeball fountain. And this one, I think you can add your Pokemon to the screen and then you can take a photo of yourself with the Pokemon. I gotta look. Yeah, this is cool. And then the little fountain and then in the background the town. It's hard to see, but yeah, you can add your own Pokemon to a photo of yourselves or there's like you take a photo of yourselves with a Pokemon in there with you. All right, we are making our way a little bit further into the golf course over here. Heading towards some more raids, some more battles. I like just people hanging out underneath a tree playing Pokémon Go. It's funny because there's so many food trucks out here, too. >> Oh, yeah. Where? All right. Sorry. I FaceTime with Jackson. He's watching me play now. But there's so many food trucks. It feels like a carnival or something. We're leaving Central Village heading to a different area. Oh, he's an Oddish. Whoa. This is where everybody is out here. Holy cow, there's a lot of people in this area. >> So, this is fun. There's like is a group of people kind of hanging out here >> and this guy's standing up with the microphone >> and he's just going through and like quizzing people >> on their Pokemon knowledge and there's a reason for that. >> I sat down under a tree for to rest for a second and I thought how wild would it be to live in one of these houses up here and just like be looking down and just seeing just people walking around. And so it's funny to me that like but people are happy cuz it's all digital. Also got some Pikachu visors in here. I'm going to bring those home to the kids. Something that's interesting about how this event is working is that because you can kind of walk around and there's a lot of Pokemon in one spot. People are walking, but also people are kind of hanging out under trees. It's great. It's nice cuz everybody's just kind of outside getting some fresh air and just being outside together. Look at this. There's a little photo op here for Pokémon Go Tour Los Angeles 2026. And there's some snowmen from the three different teams and they all have Pokeballs cuz the region that we're in right now is the where you would find the ice type Pokémon. So yeah, if we're looking at the map, we're in the mountain manor area right now and we were in the coastal laboratory before and the central village as well. Actually, I don't know if we've been to the coastal laboratory. Let's go cuz the central village was the area around the Rose Bowl. So, I think I need to start heading back that way to get to the coastal village. This event is so much bigger than I originally thought. Like, it just keeps going. Like, when I said we need to go further, that was way down there, like on the other side of everything that you can see right now. like past those big group of trees. And now I'm still walking this way to get to the other end. And like we did we walked around the stadium which was back there. But like this is it's so big. Oh, it's the the mountain manor. Like people go inside. I got to see what happens inside. That's fun. Right. They're battling each other right here on my phone. There's photo ops with them right there. I'm almost to the front of the line to get into the mountain manor. There's the snow. All right. We're going in. >> Photo. Oh, look at this. >> Hello. Supposed to be Gengar's hangout. >> Ghost times. Oh, spooky. >> But we're inside of Gengar's hangout. Oh, I like his like Gengar lamps, too. That's fun. >> Oh, no. You're not the one. Spooky. >> I like a spooky spooky hangout. All right, we're heading into the last area. You can kind of see it on the screen here how it's different. It's blue there. This is somewhere that we haven't been yet. So, maybe there'll be new Pokémons in here that we haven't caught yet. Still haven't found a fro a fruie, which I thought would it's one of the three that they were kind of focusing on. Once again, I'm still kind of blown away by like just people everywhere just kind of all chilling and vibing. I feel like this is what like Central Park is like during the day. Like people just like all hanging out doing whatever they're doing. You know, everybody here is doing the same thing, but like you know what I'm saying? Does that make sense? There's an area over here for the coastal laboratory. It's pretty neat. Super mega raid meetup. A link holder, a link charge. >> I see the notes. >> Computer he's been doing his work on >> prototyping. This is pretty fun. It's like a lab out here in the middle of the uh in the middle of the the golf course. Oh, somebody's hacking the main frame. There's like a little lure out here that's also a fountain. Well, that's fun. They like It's cool that they made these things specifically for this event. This part's funny because there's three gyms here and gyms are where you do the raids and the battles and everything. And there's a couple of trees. And you can see how many groups of people there are just hanging out underneath these trees right here in the shade waiting for the next raid to happen. Well, this is cool. There's like a little line of people here waiting to step onto the astro turf here and battle each other. This is like player versus player battlegrounds. They're fighting right here. Another neat thing that they did here is they invited the wireless companies to bring portable cell phone towers out. So, you can see this one's Verizon over here. There was another one that was back there somewhere that might have been AT&amp;T or something like that. But this entire time I've had full bars on my cell phone. No issues. I feel like Disney should have something like they should put cell phone towers in at Disney to cover like the amount of people in the park, especially during fireworks. So, there's this one egg right here that has like 9 minutes left, and people have all been like thinking trying to figure out what it is. And now there's a huge group of people kind of near where it's at waiting that 9 minutes to see what pops up because when you click on it too, this is like specifically a gym for I can't reach my finger over here. Oh, specifically for Pokémon Go Kos Los Angeles. So, like we'll see what happens. All right, let's see here. We got 4 seconds. I hope my battery and mic. So, my battery died, but everybody was very disappointed because it was uh just a victory bell. But look at this. 2,700 people in the lobby. 20 mega evolve Pokemon in the lobby. 400 seconds to wait. Let's see what happens here. People are battling. >> What happened? >> Not working. Oh no. Nobody can get theirs to work. Well, that was fun and exciting. Didn't work for anybody. Oh no. Pokemon. Listen to the outrage. Cannot leave raid lobby either. Oh no, we're stuck. Oh, what's happening? Oh, battle with nearby trainers. Okay, what does this mean? What am I doing? Oh, I have to go back in. Oh, join. >> Let's see. Is it working? Let's see how far how long this lasts with three 3,000 people. Okay, it's working. It's working. We're going down. We're more than more than halfway. >> Oh no, they're getting kicked out and stuff. Yeah, we did it. We beat it. Let's see what was so so good about it. Let's see. We win. Oh, there we go. Okay. It's just a normal normal thing for me. People are saying that they got a background. Let's see. Yeah, I got Los like Los Angeles with a background. Pretty fun, but like I don't know. It was a lot of work for that guy. And now everybody's leaving that area. All 3,000 people that were here and got that victory belt. So, for the mega knight, we have to line up over here. And you can see this big long line of people waiting to get into the mega knight area. It just keeps going and going and going. So, they opened up the gates. So, people are starting to move into the inside into the stadium to go to the like location where we wait for Mega Knight to start. So, now I'm heading down into the stadium. And I'm really interested to see how many people are in this stadium now. Surprisingly, not as many people as I thought were going to be in here. From like the look of the line, I thought there would be way more. So, because Pokémon invited me out here, I have a little spot up in one of the boxes to like rest before the event tonight. Gives me an overall view of what's going on down there. Plus, a pretty sweet view of the mountains, too. Or do you guys call these hills? Those look like mountains to me. Yeah. So, the event doesn't start until 6:00 or 6:30 tonight. So, we've got a little bit of time to kill here. It's 5:20 right now. People are still meeting Eevee down there. We didn't get to see Eevee when we were out and about, but there they are right away. Came out and doing a Charizard, a mega Charizard. And so people are starting to funnel out of the stadium. And our mega raid night has begun. Here's all the people funneling out of the stadium, making their way. Looks like everybody's heading out into the fields of the golf course. So, I think I'll head there. >> Charizard X and Mega Aro in rotation. Good luck. Have fun. >> Oh, exciting. And Mega Aro. I still have to get that. That'll be good. It's pretty wild how much the vibe changed from this afternoon until right now. They're like, "Go have a party out there, everybody." Here's something that's interesting about mega raid night is there's no Pokétops. It's just all raids or gyms right now because it's in between. They're going to switch it up here in just a second. I think in one minute we'll have a different uh Oh, there's one Pokétop right there. We'll have a different set of raids to do. Also, you can't go too far into the golf course. There's nothing else out past this area here. So, while all the mega raids are happening, they do have the food stands open. And this last little pink one over here is a cookie. It's a cookie truck. And look at the line for the cookie truck. Goes all the way out to here. I got to try these cookies, don't I? All right. I'm in like a green light right now, but I got some uh some chicken tendies, so I'm waiting for the next uh mega raid. Well, this is cool. They have the props all lit up at night. You can take your photo in there. That was fun. I was in line for the cookies, but everybody has said that the Dragonite raids were about to start in like 3 minutes, and I was kind of close to the front, but I wasn't 3 minutes close to the front. So, heading back out into the fray. We'll have cookies another time. You can kind of hear like the wave of dragonites populate across right now. So you can see as we're walking along battling uh dragonites, I just want to show you guys what the map looks like. So I did a screen recording of just all of the raids that are everywhere all around us. I was just out in the field like out on the golf course. I hadn't been in here by the stadium. It's pretty wild in here. There's a lot of people. I think everybody's starting to make their way towards the exit maybe. So the event is still going on, but there are no more raids now. It's just gyms. then you can catch Pokémon. So, most people are just heading out and that's what I'm going to do, too. I'm going to try to find a an Uber. Hopefully, there'll be one close by. Making our way to try to find where an Uber can pick me up cuz all the roads down here are blocked off. Plus, there's traffic everywhere. So, we'll see what we can do. All right, we did it. We made it back to the hotel. It was difficult to get to the Uber, but we made it. It was actually a pretty quick trip back, too. And now I'm tired. I'm going to go lay down. It's only 8:45. We made it back to the hotel. Had a really good time today. Really enjoyed playing just like playing Pokemon Go. Seeing everybody else playing Pokemon Go, seeing the amount of people that were like there as like big groups that like all get together all the time and play Pokémon Go. It reminded me of like when it was all going down, like when Pokemon Go first came out and everybody was like really into it and everybody was going on long walks and being outside and like enjoying the world around them and catching Pokemon and just like getting excited for the Pokemon that they catch, too. So, it was fun. I really like that about this event and seeing that again. Like, I got so many like unique and and special Pokemon too on this trip. It was great. Like, I really really enjoyed this. I just wanted to say thank you to uh Pokémon Go for having me out to the event. And I think we will be doing this again. I don't want to bring Jackson. I was a little bit nervous. The reason that we didn't bring Jackson is I was nervous that the crowd was going to be like too much and there'd be people everywhere and it' be like hard to just like too much. You know what I mean? But it wasn't bad. People were like there was enough room to move around. I never felt crowded. It did get really cold at night, but like other than that, it it was like a really easy event to go to. It was a fantastic time. Tomorrow we head back home though. So, it is the next day and I got to say after like thinking about it and sleeping on a little bit, I think that the real like uh takeaway from this weekend was the stuff that I learned about Pokemon Go for Jackson, like to help him get better at the game. I didn't even realize. So, I kept hearing people talk about these things. They're like, I was, "Oh, I got a hundo. I'm hoping to get a hundo." And I was like, "What in the world is this?" So, I had to look it up. And I guess it's like it turns out that that's a like a 100% Pokemon. Like, it has perfect stats. And so, there's a way that you can figure that out by appraising the Pokemon. And uh it turns out we've got a few of them, you know, and we got a few on this trip. So, it was like a real good thing that we did. However, there were some Pokemon that I think I transferred that I probably shouldn't have or that I hadn't checked. So, that's okay. a little bit of a loss there, but like a real gain in the fact that we can like now I can go back to Jackson and be like, "Hey, here's what we have to do. Every time that we catch a Pokemon that looks like a powerful Pokemon, we need to appraise it and see how its stats look. And it may not be the highest HP Pokemon, but or the highest CP Pokemon, but it will be the best in raids and battles and things like that moving forward. it will do the best and last the longest. So, it's good to know those things and it's it's good that I can like impart that knowledge upon him now and then he will be able to check his Pokemon and see which ones he gets. I get like excited about that because we've got we got a few now and he'll be excited to see that. >> All right, so here's an example of what I mean. And this is my guard chomp. And if I go to say this, sorry, this one. Like that's a pretty high looking Garchomp. But if I appraise it here, she says it's just okay. But now if I go to this one, you see how it's all full right there? That's what you want. So now we know. See? And some of these are just they're pretty good. Like that one's not very good, but this one's still pretty good. But like if you can see like this one I thought would be okay but like not very good at all you know but like this guy right here boy that's what we want. Oh and the other thing that was happening this weekend is people were getting shiny Pokemon which is just like a different color variation of the Pokemon and they've got kind of stars around them in the background. Um other than that there's no difference between them but they were getting the fully maxed out shiny ones. So, they were 100 Pokemon like hundos as they call them, but they were calling them shundos because they were shiny hundos, which is fun. Like, it's all a good time. Like, I'm liking this. It's fun. All right, see you later, room. I'm headed to the airport. This was a good room. I enjoyed it. The bed was super comfortable. And the other thing that I liked about this bed was they gave you options of pillows. So, there was like uh down pillows and then there was just regular like cotton fill pillows. thicker ones, thinner ones. It was nice. There was just like an arrangement of pillows here amongst the four of them. I could pick the ones that I like the best. And just like that, we're here at LAX. Let's go get on a plane. H Oh, not too bad. It's only delayed by 19 minutes. That's not terrible. Getting some breakfast at Fat Sal. Let's see how this is. Looks pretty okay. I mean, looks messy for sure, but because the plane is delayed, they're doing uh trivia right now. So, they just asked, "How did they prevent the uh dinosaurs in Jurassic Park from reproducing?" Time to get on a plane. All right, just landed. in Orlando. Actually, didn't just land. Been sitting on the runway for about an hour and a half. So, there's a bunch of blizzards up north and we uh pulled in a little bit early and there was a plane at our gate that was just sitting empty because the flight had been cancelled because it was supposed to go up to New York area or whatever and then it got cancelled. So, the plane is empty and they didn't have anybody to move it out of the way because all the flight crew just left because they didn't have a plane to fly. And so, uh, yeah, we were sitting there waiting for somebody to move the plane away from our gate before we could get on or before we could pull into the gate and deplane. So, we were sitting on the runway for an hour and a half. Now, we're back. We're here. We're getting on the amp. Oh, just kidding. Missed the doors. Missed it right there. Closed right on me. Do you see that? Ah. All right. Well, we'll get on the next one. Did I call it an amp? It's an APM automated people mover. Sorry, wrong word. I made it home. Holy cow, it's 9:00 at night. We landed at 6:24. Wow, that was uh what an exciting night. the uh yeah, the plane was just sitting on the tarmac for an hour and a half and then got in the Uber and he immediately started talking to me about Trump and cryp cryptocurrency and I'm like, man, no thank you, but like just want to go home. But I made it. It was a good weekend. Now I have to uh unpack and go to bed because we got stuff we got to do tomorrow. So, thank you guys for following along. It was a fun weekend. All in all, with that being what I say, all in all, it was a great weekend. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price.
