---
video_id: xCZ3h5LMOME
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our First Disney Park Visit Of 2026! This Was Our Least Visited Park Of 2025! Animal Kingdom Day!"
published: 2026-01-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCZ3h5LMOME
---
Good morning everybody from Disney's Good morning everybody from Disney's Good morning everybody from Disney's Animal Kingdom. This is the perfect park Animal Kingdom. This is the perfect park Animal Kingdom. This is the perfect park to start out the brand new year 2026 to start out the brand new year 2026 to start out the brand new year 2026 first Disney park, Disney's Animal first Disney park, Disney's Animal first Disney park, Disney's Animal Kingdom. Kingdom. Kingdom. &gt;&gt; So the reason why I wanted to come to &gt;&gt; So the reason why I wanted to come to &gt;&gt; So the reason why I wanted to come to Animal Kingdom, I told Tim, I was like, Animal Kingdom, I told Tim, I was like, Animal Kingdom, I told Tim, I was like, why don't we go to Animal Kingdom why don't we go to Animal Kingdom why don't we go to Animal Kingdom because this was our least visited park because this was our least visited park because this was our least visited park in 2025. And it's kind of it's kind of in 2025. And it's kind of it's kind of in 2025. And it's kind of it's kind of funny cuz this was our favorite park funny cuz this was our favorite park funny cuz this was our favorite park before children. before children. before children. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And uh I want to come back and fall in &gt;&gt; And uh I want to come back and fall in &gt;&gt; And uh I want to come back and fall in love with it again. love with it again. love with it again. &gt;&gt; Okay. Today, [music] the first the first &gt;&gt; Okay. Today, [music] the first the first &gt;&gt; Okay. Today, [music] the first the first park visit of 2026. park visit of 2026. park visit of 2026. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. 2026 all about Animal &gt;&gt; Let's do it. 2026 all about Animal &gt;&gt; Let's do it. 2026 all about Animal Kingdom love. Kingdom love. Kingdom love. &gt;&gt; Let's go vibe in Animal Kingdom. &gt;&gt; Let's go vibe in Animal Kingdom. &gt;&gt; Let's go vibe in Animal Kingdom. &gt;&gt; Ah, yes. It feels good in here. Feels &gt;&gt; Ah, yes. It feels good in here. Feels &gt;&gt; Ah, yes. It feels good in here. Feels wild. wild. wild. &gt;&gt; That's mostly from the crowd levels. &gt;&gt; That's mostly from the crowd levels. &gt;&gt; That's mostly from the crowd levels. &gt;&gt; Never seen anybody wearing these. Have &gt;&gt; Never seen anybody wearing these. Have &gt;&gt; Never seen anybody wearing these. Have you? you? you? &gt;&gt; I have not. I've not seen these. Oh, &gt;&gt; I have not. I've not seen these. Oh, &gt;&gt; I have not. I've not seen these. Oh, here's the 2026 here's the 2026 here's the 2026 &gt;&gt; canvas. Oh, yeah. They light up. &gt;&gt; canvas. Oh, yeah. They light up. &gt;&gt; canvas. Oh, yeah. They light up. &gt;&gt; Fun. Can I see it? Oh, I don't want to &gt;&gt; Fun. Can I see it? Oh, I don't want to &gt;&gt; Fun. Can I see it? Oh, I don't want to pull the thing. I also like this pull the thing. I also like this pull the thing. I also like this &gt;&gt; like a a ply hat. &gt;&gt; like a a ply hat. &gt;&gt; like a a ply hat. &gt;&gt; Is this for kids? &gt;&gt; Is this for kids? &gt;&gt; Is this for kids? &gt;&gt; I like the color. &gt;&gt; I like the color. &gt;&gt; I like the color. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do too. Looks kind of retro. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do too. Looks kind of retro. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do too. Looks kind of retro. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Kevin, &gt;&gt; Kevin, &gt;&gt; Kevin, &gt;&gt; there she is. &gt;&gt; Oh, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, [laughter] he's talking with her. There she goes. he's talking with her. There she goes. he's talking with her. There she goes. &gt;&gt; She's saying hello to everybody. &gt;&gt; She's saying hello to everybody. &gt;&gt; She's saying hello to everybody. &gt;&gt; Hi, everybody. &gt;&gt; Hi, everybody. &gt;&gt; Hi, everybody. &gt;&gt; So, right now it is 11:00 a.m. on &gt;&gt; So, right now it is 11:00 a.m. on &gt;&gt; So, right now it is 11:00 a.m. on January 2nd. It is 61° outside. Feels January 2nd. It is 61° outside. Feels January 2nd. It is 61° outside. Feels pretty good in the sun. It's a little pretty good in the sun. It's a little pretty good in the sun. It's a little chilly in the shade, chilly in the shade, chilly in the shade, &gt;&gt; but &gt;&gt; but &gt;&gt; but &gt;&gt; this is the perfect weather. &gt;&gt; this is the perfect weather. &gt;&gt; this is the perfect weather. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I was like, I [music] need to go to &gt;&gt; I was like, I [music] need to go to &gt;&gt; I was like, I [music] need to go to Disney today. The weather is too perfect Disney today. The weather is too perfect Disney today. The weather is too perfect not to go. not to go. not to go. &gt;&gt; Let's go into Riverside Depot before we &gt;&gt; Let's go into Riverside Depot before we &gt;&gt; Let's go into Riverside Depot before we get any further cuz I think they already get any further cuz I think they already get any further cuz I think they already have like It's after Christmas have like It's after Christmas have like It's after Christmas obviously, even though we still have obviously, even though we still have obviously, even though we still have Christmas stuff up, but I think they're Christmas stuff up, but I think they're Christmas stuff up, but I think they're already starting to put out Valentine's already starting to put out Valentine's already starting to put out Valentine's Day stuff. It's a tiny little sweater. Day stuff. It's a tiny little sweater. Day stuff. It's a tiny little sweater. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. I don't remember seeing &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. I don't remember seeing &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. I don't remember seeing this. this. this. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; this is amazing. &gt;&gt; this is amazing. &gt;&gt; this is amazing. &gt;&gt; Got it in uh Disney Springs. &gt;&gt; Got it in uh Disney Springs. &gt;&gt; Got it in uh Disney Springs. &gt;&gt; The baby one? Not the baby one. &gt;&gt; The baby one? Not the baby one. &gt;&gt; The baby one? Not the baby one. &gt;&gt; Look at this. They're doing like &gt;&gt; Look at this. They're doing like &gt;&gt; Look at this. They're doing like customization of ears over here. customization of ears over here. customization of ears over here. Personalization available. Name, year, Personalization available. Name, year, Personalization available. Name, year, or number. $5. Month, date, and year. or number. $5. Month, date, and year. or number. $5. Month, date, and year. &gt;&gt; Oh, you can get a special pin of the &gt;&gt; Oh, you can get a special pin of the &gt;&gt; Oh, you can get a special pin of the buttons are free, but if you want to get buttons are free, but if you want to get buttons are free, but if you want to get personalized, it's $5 per word. personalized, it's $5 per word. personalized, it's $5 per word. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then you're doing ears. You can &gt;&gt; And then you're doing ears. You can &gt;&gt; And then you're doing ears. You can personalize ears. Okay. personalize ears. Okay. personalize ears. Okay. &gt;&gt; You can do ears, ornaments. You can get &gt;&gt; You can do ears, ornaments. You can get &gt;&gt; You can do ears, ornaments. You can get the big snowman [music] personalized. the big snowman [music] personalized. the big snowman [music] personalized. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That's cool. &gt;&gt; So, these are just like plain white ears &gt;&gt; So, these are just like plain white ears &gt;&gt; So, these are just like plain white ears and plain black ears. and plain black ears. and plain black ears. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's also very Oh, and you can &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's also very Oh, and you can &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's also very Oh, and you can do an ornament, too. Look at that. do an ornament, too. Look at that. do an ornament, too. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's pretty. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's pretty. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's pretty. &gt;&gt; Anything with a smooth, hard surface. &gt;&gt; Anything with a smooth, hard surface. &gt;&gt; Anything with a smooth, hard surface. Jen's forehead. Jen's forehead. Jen's forehead. &gt;&gt; This is my forehead. I'm not typically a &gt;&gt; This is my forehead. I'm not typically a &gt;&gt; This is my forehead. I'm not typically a Loungefly girly, but I love this. Loungefly girly, but I love this. Loungefly girly, but I love this. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. And guess what? It's on sale &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. And guess what? It's on sale &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. And guess what? It's on sale right now. And you still get your annual right now. And you still get your annual right now. And you still get your annual passholder discount on it. passholder discount on it. passholder discount on it. &gt;&gt; Oh, do you? &gt;&gt; Oh, do you? &gt;&gt; Oh, do you? &gt;&gt; It says additional discounts apply. &gt;&gt; It says additional discounts apply. &gt;&gt; It says additional discounts apply. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Okay, this is so cute. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Okay, this is so cute. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Okay, this is so cute. Am I lounge girly now? Am I lounge girly now? Am I lounge girly now? &gt;&gt; I mean, if you want to be. My biggest &gt;&gt; I mean, if you want to be. My biggest &gt;&gt; I mean, if you want to be. My biggest complaint about lounge flies are these complaint about lounge flies are these complaint about lounge flies are these little pockets here, cuz you can't you little pockets here, cuz you can't you little pockets here, cuz you can't you can only put your phone in there. You can only put your phone in there. You can only put your phone in there. You got to have a small phone. Can't fit any got to have a small phone. Can't fit any got to have a small phone. Can't fit any water bottles in there. water bottles in there. water bottles in there. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. I do. I love I can put my &gt;&gt; Oh, no. I do. I love I can put my &gt;&gt; Oh, no. I do. I love I can put my sunglasses in there. sunglasses in there. sunglasses in there. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; I'll find a reason to buy this. &gt;&gt; I'll find a reason to buy this. &gt;&gt; I'll find a reason to buy this. &gt;&gt; You do have another Loungefly, the &gt;&gt; You do have another Loungefly, the &gt;&gt; You do have another Loungefly, the Disney Cruise Line one. Disney Cruise Line one. Disney Cruise Line one. &gt;&gt; I know. I just don't really wear it that &gt;&gt; I know. I just don't really wear it that &gt;&gt; I know. I just don't really wear it that often. often. often. &gt;&gt; That's my &gt;&gt; That's my &gt;&gt; That's my &gt;&gt; You're a You're a a waist pack lady. I &gt;&gt; You're a You're a a waist pack lady. I &gt;&gt; You're a You're a a waist pack lady. I don't know if I ever saw the Mary don't know if I ever saw the Mary don't know if I ever saw the Mary Managerie lightup ornaments or the Managerie lightup ornaments or the Managerie lightup ornaments or the spirit jersey. spirit jersey. spirit jersey. Wow. Wow. Wow. Or the shirt. Or the shirt. Or the shirt. &gt;&gt; How much fun. I'm all for this. But like &gt;&gt; How much fun. I'm all for this. But like &gt;&gt; How much fun. I'm all for this. But like for $35, would you buy a stocking for $35, would you buy a stocking for $35, would you buy a stocking [music] for one Christmas? [music] for one Christmas? [music] for one Christmas? &gt;&gt; This is adorable, &gt;&gt; This is adorable, &gt;&gt; This is adorable, &gt;&gt; right? It's like a little tennis outfit &gt;&gt; right? It's like a little tennis outfit &gt;&gt; right? It's like a little tennis outfit almost. Look at this jacket. almost. Look at this jacket. almost. Look at this jacket. &gt;&gt; It's like cheerleading kind of like is a &gt;&gt; It's like cheerleading kind of like is a &gt;&gt; It's like cheerleading kind of like is a what do you call this? Like a what do you call this? Like a what do you call this? Like a letterman's jacket. letterman's jacket. letterman's jacket. &gt;&gt; Wait, would you wear this &gt;&gt; Wait, would you wear this &gt;&gt; Wait, would you wear this &gt;&gt; with that or &gt;&gt; with that or &gt;&gt; with that or &gt;&gt; I like the back of this like a little &gt;&gt; I like the back of this like a little &gt;&gt; I like the back of this like a little sailor flap. sailor flap. sailor flap. &gt;&gt; What's that all about? I would wear it &gt;&gt; What's that all about? I would wear it &gt;&gt; What's that all about? I would wear it with that. Yeah. with that. Yeah. with that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And like a plain white tanky top &gt;&gt; And like a plain white tanky top &gt;&gt; And like a plain white tanky top underneath. underneath. underneath. &gt;&gt; I just don't know if this would be my &gt;&gt; I just don't know if this would be my &gt;&gt; I just don't know if this would be my size. size. size. Maybe Maybe Maybe &gt;&gt; that bum bag is really making you like &gt;&gt; that bum bag is really making you like &gt;&gt; that bum bag is really making you like Jen's got them on over top of her Jen's got them on over top of her Jen's got them on over top of her leggings, but they feel it feels too leggings, but they feel it feels too leggings, but they feel it feels too big. big. big. &gt;&gt; Maybe it's just because of the the &gt;&gt; Maybe it's just because of the the &gt;&gt; Maybe it's just because of the the sweatshirts. sweatshirts. sweatshirts. &gt;&gt; Probably because of my leggings. Really? &gt;&gt; Probably because of my leggings. Really? &gt;&gt; Probably because of my leggings. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I like how a few of them just kind of &gt;&gt; I like how a few of them just kind of &gt;&gt; I like how a few of them just kind of stayed. They're like, "Oh, this one came stayed. They're like, "Oh, this one came stayed. They're like, "Oh, this one came back." back." back." &gt;&gt; Got all kinds of merch for Zootopia. &gt;&gt; Got all kinds of merch for Zootopia. &gt;&gt; Got all kinds of merch for Zootopia. Better zoo together. I like this shirt. Better zoo together. I like this shirt. Better zoo together. I like this shirt. Like the the background. Like the the background. Like the the background. &gt;&gt; Like just a purple tie-dyed shirt. &gt;&gt; Like just a purple tie-dyed shirt. &gt;&gt; Like just a purple tie-dyed shirt. &gt;&gt; Like I don't need all this, but I like &gt;&gt; Like I don't need all this, but I like &gt;&gt; Like I don't need all this, but I like this. this. this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You just want a purple tie-dyed &gt;&gt; Yeah. You just want a purple tie-dyed &gt;&gt; Yeah. You just want a purple tie-dyed shirt. That's it. Look, a gazelle shirt. shirt. That's it. Look, a gazelle shirt. shirt. That's it. Look, a gazelle shirt. So Zootopia better zoo gather a 45minute So Zootopia better zoo gather a 45minute So Zootopia better zoo gather a 45minute wait and the gathering spot here. You wait and the gathering spot here. You wait and the gathering spot here. You can't see them because they're behind can't see them because they're behind can't see them because they're behind this, but Nick and Judy are in there. this, but Nick and Judy are in there. this, but Nick and Judy are in there. You can kind of see like Nick's feet You can kind of see like Nick's feet You can kind of see like Nick's feet over here. And I think they're wearing over here. And I think they're wearing over here. And I think they're wearing their Zootopia 2 outfits. As we're their Zootopia 2 outfits. As we're their Zootopia 2 outfits. As we're heading across the bridge towards Dino heading across the bridge towards Dino heading across the bridge towards Dino Land, USA. Of course, there is no longer Land, USA. Of course, there is no longer Land, USA. Of course, there is no longer a sign for Dino Land USA, but we can see a sign for Dino Land USA, but we can see a sign for Dino Land USA, but we can see that they have gone vertical. that they have gone vertical. that they have gone vertical. &gt;&gt; Well, that's because it's not Dino Land &gt;&gt; Well, that's because it's not Dino Land &gt;&gt; Well, that's because it's not Dino Land USA anymore. USA anymore. USA anymore. &gt;&gt; So, there's still dinosaurs still in &gt;&gt; So, there's still dinosaurs still in &gt;&gt; So, there's still dinosaurs still in there there there &gt;&gt; in there. &gt;&gt; in there. &gt;&gt; in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Our last day to ride &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Our last day to ride &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Our last day to ride dinosaurs is in February. dinosaurs is in February. dinosaurs is in February. &gt;&gt; Oh, dang. &gt;&gt; Oh, dang. &gt;&gt; Oh, dang. &gt;&gt; But yeah, we can still ride it. So, we &gt;&gt; But yeah, we can still ride it. So, we &gt;&gt; But yeah, we can still ride it. So, we got to check and see what the pathway got to check and see what the pathway got to check and see what the pathway looks like to get back there. looks like to get back there. looks like to get back there. &gt;&gt; How do you get to it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you get to it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you get to it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; You go around here and then there's a &gt;&gt; You go around here and then there's a &gt;&gt; You go around here and then there's a little pathway that cuts through. little pathway that cuts through. little pathway that cuts through. &gt;&gt; In precisely 1 month, Dinosaur will be &gt;&gt; In precisely 1 month, Dinosaur will be &gt;&gt; In precisely 1 month, Dinosaur will be closed. February 1st, the last day to closed. February 1st, the last day to closed. February 1st, the last day to ride dinosaur. I'm going to be here. I'm ride dinosaur. I'm going to be here. I'm ride dinosaur. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be riding Dinosaur. I'll wait going to be riding Dinosaur. I'll wait going to be riding Dinosaur. I'll wait in that line. in that line. in that line. &gt;&gt; I would like to be here with you. &gt;&gt; I would like to be here with you. &gt;&gt; I would like to be here with you. &gt;&gt; Got to ride it one day. &gt;&gt; Got to ride it one day. &gt;&gt; Got to ride it one day. &gt;&gt; I love dinosaur. &gt;&gt; I love dinosaur. &gt;&gt; I love dinosaur. &gt;&gt; Yeah, me too. Look at that. A pile of &gt;&gt; Yeah, me too. Look at that. A pile of &gt;&gt; Yeah, me too. Look at that. A pile of dirt. Oh, look at this thing spinning. dirt. Oh, look at this thing spinning. dirt. Oh, look at this thing spinning. That's wild looking. That's wild looking. That's wild looking. &gt;&gt; Also, I think that uh Nemo just let out &gt;&gt; Also, I think that uh Nemo just let out &gt;&gt; Also, I think that uh Nemo just let out cuz there's like a ton of people coming cuz there's like a ton of people coming cuz there's like a ton of people coming through over here. Look at look at through over here. Look at look at through over here. Look at look at restaurantosaurus. This is how I restaurantosaurus. This is how I restaurantosaurus. This is how I decorate things for Christmas. If I had decorate things for Christmas. If I had decorate things for Christmas. If I had this water tower, this is would be me. this water tower, this is would be me. this water tower, this is would be me. Just like just all over it. Wherever it Just like just all over it. Wherever it Just like just all over it. Wherever it lands, that's where it goes. I feel like lands, that's where it goes. I feel like lands, that's where it goes. I feel like that's like very Goofy coded. I think that's like very Goofy coded. I think that's like very Goofy coded. I think Goofy did that. Goofy did that. Goofy did that. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, maybe. I do feel like if you &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, maybe. I do feel like if you &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, maybe. I do feel like if you had to personify the interns that work had to personify the interns that work had to personify the interns that work here at the Dino Institute, they would here at the Dino Institute, they would here at the Dino Institute, they would be goofy fellows and be goofy fellows and be goofy fellows and &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, that's true. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, that's true. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, that's true. &gt;&gt; people. Goofy people. &gt;&gt; people. Goofy people. &gt;&gt; people. Goofy people. &gt;&gt; We also are ordering our lunch right &gt;&gt; We also are ordering our lunch right &gt;&gt; We also are ordering our lunch right now. Mobile ordering our lunch because now. Mobile ordering our lunch because now. Mobile ordering our lunch because what was the wait? what was the wait? what was the wait? &gt;&gt; Said Tulie Canteen was like 25 minutes &gt;&gt; Said Tulie Canteen was like 25 minutes &gt;&gt; Said Tulie Canteen was like 25 minutes was the wait. So, if we order it now, was the wait. So, if we order it now, was the wait. So, if we order it now, tell them that we're here by the time we tell them that we're here by the time we tell them that we're here by the time we get or we have to wait till we say we're get or we have to wait till we say we're get or we have to wait till we say we're here by the time we get over there. We here by the time we get over there. We here by the time we get over there. We can say we're here and then it'll take can say we're here and then it'll take can say we're here and then it'll take less time. less time. less time. &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to get the chimi beef bowl &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to get the chimi beef bowl &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to get the chimi beef bowl because the last time I got it, they had because the last time I got it, they had because the last time I got it, they had changed the beef. And they said, "Don't changed the beef. And they said, "Don't changed the beef. And they said, "Don't worry." They said, "A lot of people have worry." They said, "A lot of people have worry." They said, "A lot of people have been um complaining about it." Cuz I'm been um complaining about it." Cuz I'm been um complaining about it." Cuz I'm like, "Oh, I think the beef changed. It like, "Oh, I think the beef changed. It like, "Oh, I think the beef changed. It was like a thicker cut of beef." And she was like a thicker cut of beef." And she was like a thicker cut of beef." And she goes, "A lot of people have been goes, "A lot of people have been goes, "A lot of people have been complaining. They're going to bring back complaining. They're going to bring back complaining. They're going to bring back the old style beef." It didn't the old style beef." It didn't the old style beef." It didn't &gt;&gt; bring back the old beef. &gt;&gt; bring back the old beef. &gt;&gt; bring back the old beef. &gt;&gt; Well, and now I got it. So, I'm going to &gt;&gt; Well, and now I got it. So, I'm going to &gt;&gt; Well, and now I got it. So, I'm going to do some uh I'm on the ground do some uh I'm on the ground do some uh I'm on the ground investigative reporting for you. investigative reporting for you. investigative reporting for you. &gt;&gt; You heard it here first, folks. &gt;&gt; You heard it here first, folks. &gt;&gt; You heard it here first, folks. &gt;&gt; Satuli Canteen 2026. They're bringing &gt;&gt; Satuli Canteen 2026. They're bringing &gt;&gt; Satuli Canteen 2026. They're bringing back the beef. back the beef. back the beef. &gt;&gt; Should I do the um the charred green &gt;&gt; Should I do the um the charred green &gt;&gt; Should I do the um the charred green onion vinegarette or the creamy herb onion vinegarette or the creamy herb onion vinegarette or the creamy herb dressing? dressing? dressing? &gt;&gt; Creamy. &gt;&gt; Creamy. &gt;&gt; Creamy. &gt;&gt; The creamy one. &gt;&gt; The creamy one. &gt;&gt; The creamy one. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Ooh, I I feel like they're both good. &gt;&gt; Ooh, I I feel like they're both good. &gt;&gt; Ooh, I I feel like they're both good. &gt;&gt; This dinosaur 65minute wait. Take it in. &gt;&gt; This dinosaur 65minute wait. Take it in. &gt;&gt; This dinosaur 65minute wait. Take it in. Pretty soon, this will be Indiana Jones. Pretty soon, this will be Indiana Jones. Pretty soon, this will be Indiana Jones. I didn't notice that this like asteroid I didn't notice that this like asteroid I didn't notice that this like asteroid is pretty darn weathered. like shown is pretty darn weathered. like shown is pretty darn weathered. like shown some definite weather damage there. Ah some definite weather damage there. Ah some definite weather damage there. Ah man, just think Jen in just a month we man, just think Jen in just a month we man, just think Jen in just a month we will not be able to see this aluramis will not be able to see this aluramis will not be able to see this aluramis gag down this crocodile anymore. Don't gag down this crocodile anymore. Don't gag down this crocodile anymore. Don't say that. say that. say that. &gt;&gt; So I just wanted to check in here. I &gt;&gt; So I just wanted to check in here. I &gt;&gt; So I just wanted to check in here. I know that they've been like kind of know that they've been like kind of know that they've been like kind of keeping this as Yeah. Well, they put a keeping this as Yeah. Well, they put a keeping this as Yeah. Well, they put a little tent outside, but for the most little tent outside, but for the most little tent outside, but for the most part, like this is probably going to part, like this is probably going to part, like this is probably going to stay the longest, this building here, stay the longest, this building here, stay the longest, this building here, cuz like I said, this I've said this a cuz like I said, this I've said this a cuz like I said, this I've said this a ton of times, their bathrooms are in ton of times, their bathrooms are in ton of times, their bathrooms are in there. So rather than bring out there. So rather than bring out there. So rather than bring out portaotties, they probably just keep portaotties, they probably just keep portaotties, they probably just keep those bathrooms up and running. Well, it those bathrooms up and running. Well, it those bathrooms up and running. Well, it looks like looks like looks like &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. &gt;&gt; You know those documentaries that are &gt;&gt; You know those documentaries that are &gt;&gt; You know those documentaries that are like um like [music] the Earth, you like um like [music] the Earth, you like um like [music] the Earth, you know, like no humans are left. That's know, like no humans are left. That's know, like no humans are left. That's what it looks like, what it looks like, what it looks like, &gt;&gt; right? I also wanted to show you guys &gt;&gt; right? I also wanted to show you guys &gt;&gt; right? I also wanted to show you guys like you guys can come and see this. like you guys can come and see this. like you guys can come and see this. It's just where the water fountains are. It's just where the water fountains are. It's just where the water fountains are. Like I'm not going like off the path or Like I'm not going like off the path or Like I'm not going like off the path or anything. I'm still on the sidewalk anything. I'm still on the sidewalk anything. I'm still on the sidewalk &gt;&gt; just looking around the fence here &gt;&gt; just looking around the fence here &gt;&gt; just looking around the fence here expanding some Jen lore for you. Jen expanding some Jen lore for you. Jen expanding some Jen lore for you. Jen will literally stop for anybody and take will literally stop for anybody and take will literally stop for anybody and take their photo. their photo. their photo. &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; like there's a baby having fun with &gt;&gt; like there's a baby having fun with &gt;&gt; like there's a baby having fun with bubbles and she's like, "Do you want me bubbles and she's like, "Do you want me bubbles and she's like, "Do you want me to take your photo with this baby?" And to take your photo with this baby?" And to take your photo with this baby?" And this lady's like, "I don't know the this lady's like, "I don't know the this lady's like, "I don't know the baby." baby." baby." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, the I just know that like I just &gt;&gt; No, the I just know that like I just &gt;&gt; No, the I just know that like I just know that I never get to be in the know that I never get to be in the know that I never get to be in the photos cuz I'm always taking the photos. photos cuz I'm always taking the photos. photos cuz I'm always taking the photos. So, whenever I see like a mom So, whenever I see like a mom So, whenever I see like a mom specifically getting pictures of their specifically getting pictures of their specifically getting pictures of their kid, I'm like, "Oh, let me get a picture kid, I'm like, "Oh, let me get a picture kid, I'm like, "Oh, let me get a picture of both of you so you can be in the of both of you so you can be in the of both of you so you can be in the picture, too." picture, too." picture, too." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cuz like I know how it feels to have a &gt;&gt; Cuz like I know how it feels to have a &gt;&gt; Cuz like I know how it feels to have a million pictures of you with the kids, million pictures of you with the kids, million pictures of you with the kids, but none of me. but none of me. but none of me. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I'm going to take your &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I'm going to take your &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I'm going to take your picture. Okay. You're picture. Okay. You're picture. Okay. You're &gt;&gt; doing it. &gt;&gt; doing it. &gt;&gt; doing it. &gt;&gt; Let me do it. &gt;&gt; Let me do it. &gt;&gt; Let me do it. &gt;&gt; I'm not saying not to do it. I was just &gt;&gt; I'm not saying not to do it. I was just &gt;&gt; I'm not saying not to do it. I was just giving some gener. giving some gener. giving some gener. &gt;&gt; I love it. Maybe when I retire, I'll be &gt;&gt; I love it. Maybe when I retire, I'll be &gt;&gt; I love it. Maybe when I retire, I'll be a photo pass photographer. Maybe. Yeah. a photo pass photographer. Maybe. Yeah. a photo pass photographer. Maybe. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you'll only take photos of moms. &gt;&gt; And you'll only take photos of moms. &gt;&gt; And you'll only take photos of moms. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Viva. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Viva. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Viva. [music] [music] It's It's It's &gt;&gt; about time for us to head over to Satuli &gt;&gt; about time for us to head over to Satuli &gt;&gt; about time for us to head over to Satuli Canteen and tell them we're here for our Canteen and tell them we're here for our Canteen and tell them we're here for our mobile order. We're heading into another mobile order. We're heading into another mobile order. We're heading into another world. Avatar, the way of fire and ash. world. Avatar, the way of fire and ash. world. Avatar, the way of fire and ash. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen that movie yet. really &gt;&gt; I haven't seen that movie yet. really &gt;&gt; I haven't seen that movie yet. really want to see it. want to see it. want to see it. &gt;&gt; Which one? I named all three just then. &gt;&gt; Which one? I named all three just then. &gt;&gt; Which one? I named all three just then. &gt;&gt; Oh, the the newest one. &gt;&gt; Oh, the the newest one. &gt;&gt; Oh, the the newest one. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Here's some fun Tim lore. When &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Here's some fun Tim lore. When &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Here's some fun Tim lore. When the world of Pandora first Avatar the the world of Pandora first Avatar the the world of Pandora first Avatar the World of Pandora first opened, I rubbed World of Pandora first opened, I rubbed World of Pandora first opened, I rubbed this thing and if you rub it, some water this thing and if you rub it, some water this thing and if you rub it, some water squirts out of here. And squirts out of here. And squirts out of here. And &gt;&gt; oh my gosh, it cut my hand. &gt;&gt; oh my gosh, it cut my hand. &gt;&gt; oh my gosh, it cut my hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was too sharp. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was too sharp. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was too sharp. &gt;&gt; It had like a thing on the inside. It &gt;&gt; It had like a thing on the inside. It &gt;&gt; It had like a thing on the inside. It cut my hand. cut my hand. cut my hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why uh why is this Why is this guy &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why uh why is this Why is this guy &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why uh why is this Why is this guy so foggy here? This is a big seed pod so foggy here? This is a big seed pod so foggy here? This is a big seed pod and you're supposed to rub this section and you're supposed to rub this section and you're supposed to rub this section of it and it's supposed to make stuff of it and it's supposed to make stuff of it and it's supposed to make stuff come out of there, but we just saw come out of there, but we just saw come out of there, but we just saw somebody do it. It only came out from up somebody do it. It only came out from up somebody do it. It only came out from up there. So, I'm going to come over here there. So, I'm going to come over here there. So, I'm going to come over here and rub it. It's very wet inside of this thing. Is It's very wet inside of this thing. Is It's very wet inside of this thing. Is it doing anything? No, it doing anything? No, it doing anything? No, &gt;&gt; I can't see. &gt;&gt; I can't see. &gt;&gt; I can't see. &gt;&gt; It's not. Oh, there it goes. Yeah, it's &gt;&gt; It's not. Oh, there it goes. Yeah, it's &gt;&gt; It's not. Oh, there it goes. Yeah, it's doing it. doing it. doing it. &gt;&gt; Did it do it up there? &gt;&gt; Did it do it up there? &gt;&gt; Did it do it up there? &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; You did it. &gt;&gt; I missed it. &gt;&gt; I missed it. &gt;&gt; I missed it. &gt;&gt; You probably It kind of looks &gt;&gt; You probably It kind of looks &gt;&gt; You probably It kind of looks &gt;&gt; Watch Jen's Instagram story. &gt;&gt; Watch Jen's Instagram story. &gt;&gt; Watch Jen's Instagram story. &gt;&gt; Doesn't it look like the upside down? &gt;&gt; Doesn't it look like the upside down? &gt;&gt; Doesn't it look like the upside down? This looks like uh This looks like uh This looks like uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; It does look like Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; It does look like Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; It does look like Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; The floating mountains of Moara. Mora, &gt;&gt; The floating mountains of Moara. Mora, &gt;&gt; The floating mountains of Moara. Mora, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; Mora. This is the Valley of Mora. It's a &gt;&gt; Mora. This is the Valley of Mora. It's a &gt;&gt; Mora. This is the Valley of Mora. It's a Santa Claus. What are these things Santa Claus. What are these things Santa Claus. What are these things called? The amp suits. Still decorated called? The amp suits. Still decorated called? The amp suits. Still decorated for Pandora and Christmas. Does Pandora for Pandora and Christmas. Does Pandora for Pandora and Christmas. Does Pandora have 365 days just like Just like Earth? have 365 days just like Just like Earth? have 365 days just like Just like Earth? They have a December. Our food over at They have a December. Our food over at They have a December. Our food over at Satuli Canteen isn't quite ready yet. Satuli Canteen isn't quite ready yet. Satuli Canteen isn't quite ready yet. So, we're headed into Wind Traders. So, we're headed into Wind Traders. So, we're headed into Wind Traders. &gt;&gt; Ooh. Is it like a Does it open? &gt;&gt; Ooh. Is it like a Does it open? &gt;&gt; Ooh. Is it like a Does it open? &gt;&gt; I don't know. It looks like it has &gt;&gt; I don't know. It looks like it has &gt;&gt; I don't know. It looks like it has buttons on it. Oh, it's a perch for your buttons on it. Oh, it's a perch for your buttons on it. Oh, it's a perch for your &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; For your erron. &gt;&gt; For your erron. &gt;&gt; For your erron. &gt;&gt; For your banshee. Oh, wow. Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; For your banshee. Oh, wow. Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; For your banshee. Oh, wow. Yeah. So, we've been watching a lot of trolls. The we've been watching a lot of trolls. The we've been watching a lot of trolls. The kids are into trolls right now. This kids are into trolls right now. This kids are into trolls right now. This reminds me a lot of trolls. reminds me a lot of trolls. reminds me a lot of trolls. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I know it's not trolls, but &gt;&gt; I know it's not trolls, but &gt;&gt; I know it's not trolls, but &gt;&gt; you know what they say about Avatar? &gt;&gt; you know what they say about Avatar? &gt;&gt; you know what they say about Avatar? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Space trolls. &gt;&gt; Space trolls. &gt;&gt; Space trolls. &gt;&gt; Is that what they say? &gt;&gt; Is that what they say? &gt;&gt; Is that what they say? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're like giant just like Oh, &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're like giant just like Oh, &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're like giant just like Oh, wait. That's the opposite of troll. wait. That's the opposite of troll. wait. That's the opposite of troll. Na'vi translation trading cards. So, you Na'vi translation trading cards. So, you Na'vi translation trading cards. So, you get the the word in Na'vi and then what get the the word in Na'vi and then what get the the word in Na'vi and then what it means and a little picture of it. Is it means and a little picture of it. Is it means and a little picture of it. Is this going to be like as popular as this going to be like as popular as this going to be like as popular as Pokémon cards? Pokémon cards? Pokémon cards? &gt;&gt; Who wants to get a Na'vi BFF bracelet &gt;&gt; Who wants to get a Na'vi BFF bracelet &gt;&gt; Who wants to get a Na'vi BFF bracelet with me? with me? with me? &gt;&gt; Oh, Na'vi friendship bracelet. &gt;&gt; Oh, Na'vi friendship bracelet. &gt;&gt; Oh, Na'vi friendship bracelet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. [music] If we all buy one, then we're all BFFs. If we all buy one, then we're all BFFs. If we all buy one, then we're all BFFs. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; It's perfect. &gt;&gt; It's perfect. &gt;&gt; It's perfect. &gt;&gt; It is. And you can make your own brace &gt;&gt; It is. And you can make your own brace &gt;&gt; It is. And you can make your own brace bracelet or necklace. I think Jackson bracelet or necklace. I think Jackson bracelet or necklace. I think Jackson would love this. would love this. would love this. &gt;&gt; He loves like gems. &gt;&gt; He loves like gems. &gt;&gt; He loves like gems. &gt;&gt; Peace and loyalty. &gt;&gt; Peace and loyalty. &gt;&gt; Peace and loyalty. &gt;&gt; I like that they put the Fox copyright &gt;&gt; I like that they put the Fox copyright &gt;&gt; I like that they put the Fox copyright on there. on there. on there. &gt;&gt; Oh, did they? &gt;&gt; Oh, did they? &gt;&gt; Oh, did they? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just imagine us being best friends with &gt;&gt; Just imagine us being best friends with &gt;&gt; Just imagine us being best friends with these these these &gt;&gt; 1999 &gt;&gt; 1999 &gt;&gt; 1999 &gt;&gt; with these bracelets. Satuli Canteen in &gt;&gt; with these bracelets. Satuli Canteen in &gt;&gt; with these bracelets. Satuli Canteen in my opinion the best quick service at my opinion the best quick service at my opinion the best quick service at Animal Kingdom. Animal Kingdom. Animal Kingdom. &gt;&gt; Oh, mine too. &gt;&gt; Oh, mine too. &gt;&gt; Oh, mine too. &gt;&gt; Here we go. On the mobile order. So, the &gt;&gt; Here we go. On the mobile order. So, the &gt;&gt; Here we go. On the mobile order. So, the beef definitely does look thinner beef definitely does look thinner beef definitely does look thinner sliced. sliced. sliced. &gt;&gt; And this looks really good. &gt;&gt; And this looks really good. &gt;&gt; And this looks really good. &gt;&gt; It You can have some pods. These are my &gt;&gt; It You can have some pods. These are my &gt;&gt; It You can have some pods. These are my pods. pods. pods. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; so you can get the pod with an order of &gt;&gt; so you can get the pod with an order of &gt;&gt; so you can get the pod with an order of vegetable chips and klesaw or you can vegetable chips and klesaw or you can vegetable chips and klesaw or you can get it with double kleslaw or double get it with double kleslaw or double get it with double kleslaw or double vegetable chips. vegetable chips. vegetable chips. &gt;&gt; All right, let's see if it was as good &gt;&gt; All right, let's see if it was as good &gt;&gt; All right, let's see if it was as good as I remember. Beef noodles. as I remember. Beef noodles. as I remember. Beef noodles. Pretty good. good. good. &gt;&gt; Pretty good. &gt;&gt; Pretty good. &gt;&gt; Pretty good. &gt;&gt; Better than it used to be. &gt;&gt; Better than it used to be. &gt;&gt; Better than it used to be. &gt;&gt; Better than when they changed to the &gt;&gt; Better than when they changed to the &gt;&gt; Better than when they changed to the thick meat. thick meat. thick meat. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; I'm going to see if I can find that &gt;&gt; I'm going to see if I can find that &gt;&gt; I'm going to see if I can find that video and I'll link it down below. Yeah, video and I'll link it down below. Yeah, video and I'll link it down below. Yeah, the the thinner meat is definitely the the thinner meat is definitely the the thinner meat is definitely better. Here's the inside of the better. Here's the inside of the better. Here's the inside of the cheeseburger pods. Um, remember when we cheeseburger pods. Um, remember when we cheeseburger pods. Um, remember when we made these at home? I'd like to revisit made these at home? I'd like to revisit made these at home? I'd like to revisit doing all of those things. I want to doing all of those things. I want to doing all of those things. I want to remake this the spring rolls and I for remake this the spring rolls and I for remake this the spring rolls and I for sure want to remake these cuz I remember sure want to remake these cuz I remember sure want to remake these cuz I remember they turned out pretty good. Yeah, they they turned out pretty good. Yeah, they they turned out pretty good. Yeah, they did. did. did. &gt;&gt; So, let me see. &gt;&gt; I think we added extra mustard to ours. &gt;&gt; I think we added extra mustard to ours. &gt;&gt; I think we added extra mustard to ours. &gt;&gt; This one almost tastes like sweet &gt;&gt; This one almost tastes like sweet &gt;&gt; This one almost tastes like sweet relish. relish. relish. &gt;&gt; It is good, though. &gt;&gt; It is good, though. &gt;&gt; It is good, though. &gt;&gt; We're walking out of Satuli Canteen. &gt;&gt; We're walking out of Satuli Canteen. &gt;&gt; We're walking out of Satuli Canteen. Delicious as always. I have no Delicious as always. I have no Delicious as always. I have no complaints. Zero complaints about my complaints. Zero complaints about my complaints. Zero complaints about my cheeseburger pods. Very delicious. Uh it cheeseburger pods. Very delicious. Uh it cheeseburger pods. Very delicious. Uh it is now 12:21 and it's 65° outside. is now 12:21 and it's 65° outside. is now 12:21 and it's 65° outside. Oh, that's something I would like to do Oh, that's something I would like to do Oh, that's something I would like to do more of in this year is save the time more of in this year is save the time more of in this year is save the time and the temperature because we get so and the temperature because we get so and the temperature because we get so many questions about the weather many questions about the weather many questions about the weather &gt;&gt; and I think this will be the best way to &gt;&gt; and I think this will be the best way to &gt;&gt; and I think this will be the best way to to do it. to do it. to do it. &gt;&gt; I do also want to mention that it was &gt;&gt; I do also want to mention that it was &gt;&gt; I do also want to mention that it was &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. I don't want to see the wait &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. I don't want to see the wait &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. I don't want to see the wait times for times for times for &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. 185 minutes. That was my guess &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. 185 minutes. That was my guess &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. 185 minutes. That was my guess before looking over at Flight of before looking over at Flight of before looking over at Flight of Passage. Passage. Passage. &gt;&gt; Do you remember when we used to come &gt;&gt; Do you remember when we used to come &gt;&gt; Do you remember when we used to come back here and like take pictures at the back here and like take pictures at the back here and like take pictures at the moss wall? moss wall? moss wall? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where is that wall? &gt;&gt; Where is that wall? &gt;&gt; Where is that wall? &gt;&gt; Right there. &gt;&gt; Right there. &gt;&gt; Right there. &gt;&gt; Oh, should we do Oh, this wall. &gt;&gt; Oh, should we do Oh, this wall. &gt;&gt; Oh, should we do Oh, this wall. &gt;&gt; Well, it's like this one over here. &gt;&gt; Well, it's like this one over here. &gt;&gt; Well, it's like this one over here. Yeah. So, like this is the moss wall. Yeah. So, like this is the moss wall. Yeah. So, like this is the moss wall. Used to be an Instagram spot, but Used to be an Instagram spot, but Used to be an Instagram spot, but there's pretty much any wall in this there's pretty much any wall in this there's pretty much any wall in this area with moss on it. area with moss on it. area with moss on it. &gt;&gt; Really? Okay. &gt;&gt; Really? Okay. &gt;&gt; Really? Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Bringing back the moss wall. &gt;&gt; Bringing back the moss wall. &gt;&gt; Bringing back the moss wall. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; This is a moss wall. &gt;&gt; This is a moss wall. &gt;&gt; This is a moss wall. &gt;&gt; This is the mold wall. &gt;&gt; This is the mold wall. &gt;&gt; This is the mold wall. &gt;&gt; That's the liken. [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's the liken. [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's the liken. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, the thing that makes a good &gt;&gt; So, the thing that makes a good &gt;&gt; So, the thing that makes a good Instagram wall is like shotwise floor to Instagram wall is like shotwise floor to Instagram wall is like shotwise floor to ceiling wall. ceiling wall. ceiling wall. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; So, like top to bottom wall. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; So, like top to bottom wall. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; So, like top to bottom wall. Oh, no. You're missing. You got to You got to You're missing. You got to You got to You're missing. You got to You got to tilt your body just a little bit this tilt your body just a little bit this tilt your body just a little bit this way cuz I want I want the sky. I know. way cuz I want I want the sky. I know. way cuz I want I want the sky. I know. You're getting the sky. There you go. You're getting the sky. There you go. You're getting the sky. There you go. Now you got the stroller too. That's a Now you got the stroller too. That's a Now you got the stroller too. That's a problem if you got stroller. problem if you got stroller. problem if you got stroller. &gt;&gt; This is a not a good Walmart. &gt;&gt; This is a not a good Walmart. &gt;&gt; This is a not a good Walmart. &gt;&gt; This is hard to do. So you know how like &gt;&gt; This is hard to do. So you know how like &gt;&gt; This is hard to do. So you know how like the around town in some places they have the around town in some places they have the around town in some places they have Instagram spots. Instagram spots. Instagram spots. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where they have sets set up and like you &gt;&gt; Where they have sets set up and like you &gt;&gt; Where they have sets set up and like you could take your photos in there. Could could take your photos in there. Could could take your photos in there. Could we do one that's Disney themed and we do one that's Disney themed and we do one that's Disney themed and recreate bubble gum wall, popsicle stick recreate bubble gum wall, popsicle stick recreate bubble gum wall, popsicle stick wall, moss wall wall, moss wall wall, moss wall &gt;&gt; all in one place. You don't have &gt;&gt; all in one place. You don't have &gt;&gt; all in one place. You don't have &gt;&gt; all in one place. You don't you don't &gt;&gt; all in one place. You don't you don't &gt;&gt; all in one place. You don't you don't have to pay you don't have to pay $180 have to pay you don't have to pay $180 have to pay you don't have to pay $180 or whatever to get into Disney. You pay or whatever to get into Disney. You pay or whatever to get into Disney. You pay a mere $2659 a mere $2659 a mere $2659 and you can get into our Instagram spot. and you can get into our Instagram spot. and you can get into our Instagram spot. Take as much like you get 2 hours in Take as much like you get 2 hours in Take as much like you get 2 hours in there. there. there. &gt;&gt; I have a feeling that price that Disney &gt;&gt; I have a feeling that price that Disney &gt;&gt; I have a feeling that price that Disney wouldn't wouldn't like that idea. wouldn't wouldn't like that idea. wouldn't wouldn't like that idea. &gt;&gt; Did they copyright the wall? &gt;&gt; Did they copyright the wall? &gt;&gt; Did they copyright the wall? &gt;&gt; Um I also wanted to mention that my food &gt;&gt; Um I also wanted to mention that my food &gt;&gt; Um I also wanted to mention that my food at Satelli Canteen very salty. at Satelli Canteen very salty. at Satelli Canteen very salty. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; so salty. It was delicious but a little &gt;&gt; so salty. It was delicious but a little &gt;&gt; so salty. It was delicious but a little bit too salty. Just to put that into bit too salty. Just to put that into bit too salty. Just to put that into context, this lady loves salt more than context, this lady loves salt more than context, this lady loves salt more than anybody I've ever met in my life. anybody I've ever met in my life. anybody I've ever met in my life. &gt;&gt; I'm basically a horse. &gt;&gt; I'm basically a horse. &gt;&gt; I'm basically a horse. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, it's 140 minutes. I thought it &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, it's 140 minutes. I thought it &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, it's 140 minutes. I thought it was going to be 185 up here. Do you guys was going to be 185 up here. Do you guys was going to be 185 up here. Do you guys see that very tippy top waterfall up see that very tippy top waterfall up see that very tippy top waterfall up there? I've said this in videos before, there? I've said this in videos before, there? I've said this in videos before, but the very tippy tippy top waterfall but the very tippy tippy top waterfall but the very tippy tippy top waterfall isn't actually water. isn't actually water. isn't actually water. &gt;&gt; It's just like a like a wheel, a texture &gt;&gt; It's just like a like a wheel, a texture &gt;&gt; It's just like a like a wheel, a texture that spins around. Do you see the arches that spins around. Do you see the arches that spins around. Do you see the arches up high? Yeah, up high? Yeah, up high? Yeah, &gt;&gt; that very tippy top tiny waterfall. &gt;&gt; that very tippy top tiny waterfall. &gt;&gt; that very tippy top tiny waterfall. &gt;&gt; I do see it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I do see it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I do see it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's not actually water. The one &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's not actually water. The one &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's not actually water. The one down below it is water. And this one down below it is water. And this one down below it is water. And this one over here, this big one, is of course over here, this big one, is of course over here, this big one, is of course water. water. water. &gt;&gt; But that one at the very top, this is &gt;&gt; But that one at the very top, this is &gt;&gt; But that one at the very top, this is our three waterfall wall, by the way. our three waterfall wall, by the way. our three waterfall wall, by the way. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; So, they have to like kind of enact some &gt;&gt; So, they have to like kind of enact some &gt;&gt; So, they have to like kind of enact some some fancy footwork here for their line. some fancy footwork here for their line. some fancy footwork here for their line. So, the line for Flight of Passage goes So, the line for Flight of Passage goes So, the line for Flight of Passage goes through the entire inside queue out here through the entire inside queue out here through the entire inside queue out here and then circles around over there. And and then circles around over there. And and then circles around over there. And they have to separate the line. And they they have to separate the line. And they they have to separate the line. And they have cast members out here telling have cast members out here telling have cast members out here telling people when they can cross the road to people when they can cross the road to people when they can cross the road to enter in this part of the line. Oh, see enter in this part of the line. Oh, see enter in this part of the line. Oh, see here they go. They're going to send some here they go. They're going to send some here they go. They're going to send some people across right now. See? And so people across right now. See? And so people across right now. See? And so they shut down traffic in this pathway they shut down traffic in this pathway they shut down traffic in this pathway and let people cross in this line. 85 and let people cross in this line. 85 and let people cross in this line. 85 minutes for uh river journey. minutes for uh river journey. minutes for uh river journey. &gt;&gt; I keep trying to take pictures for &gt;&gt; I keep trying to take pictures for &gt;&gt; I keep trying to take pictures for Instagram stories and it like is that Instagram stories and it like is that Instagram stories and it like is that rolling kind of rolling kind of rolling kind of &gt;&gt; it's LEDs. &gt;&gt; it's LEDs. &gt;&gt; it's LEDs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I can't show you frame rate for &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I can't show you frame rate for &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I can't show you frame rate for the camera. the camera. the camera. &gt;&gt; I know. What the heck? &gt;&gt; I know. What the heck? &gt;&gt; I know. What the heck? &gt;&gt; I still like the fact that like there's &gt;&gt; I still like the fact that like there's &gt;&gt; I still like the fact that like there's not a sign here that says Na'vi River not a sign here that says Na'vi River not a sign here that says Na'vi River Journey. You just have to know that this Journey. You just have to know that this Journey. You just have to know that this is Na'vi River Journey. is Na'vi River Journey. is Na'vi River Journey. &gt;&gt; There's one under &gt;&gt; There's one under &gt;&gt; There's one under &gt;&gt; It's like a little tiny thing. &gt;&gt; It's like a little tiny thing. &gt;&gt; It's like a little tiny thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I wish that they uh cuz it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I wish that they uh cuz it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I wish that they uh cuz it's just like at at Star Wars Land where just like at at Star Wars Land where just like at at Star Wars Land where they couldn't tell you the bathroom. they couldn't tell you the bathroom. they couldn't tell you the bathroom. They had to be like, "Oh, the refreshers They had to be like, "Oh, the refreshers They had to be like, "Oh, the refreshers are this way." And then eventually they are this way." And then eventually they are this way." And then eventually they had to just say like, "Okay, yeah, the had to just say like, "Okay, yeah, the had to just say like, "Okay, yeah, the bathrooms are here." Cuz people didn't bathrooms are here." Cuz people didn't bathrooms are here." Cuz people didn't know the connection. Yeah. Like the know the connection. Yeah. Like the know the connection. Yeah. Like the theming was hard for people who didn't theming was hard for people who didn't theming was hard for people who didn't know. But uh I like that they do that. know. But uh I like that they do that. know. But uh I like that they do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, for a long time there wasn't &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, for a long time there wasn't &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, for a long time there wasn't at the front there's like a navigational at the front there's like a navigational at the front there's like a navigational sign that says like fly of passage this sign that says like fly of passage this sign that says like fly of passage this way, river journey this way. But for a way, river journey this way. But for a way, river journey this way. But for a while it wasn't there. while it wasn't there. while it wasn't there. &gt;&gt; It was just this. &gt;&gt; It was just this. &gt;&gt; It was just this. &gt;&gt; So they had all these like um wicker &gt;&gt; So they had all these like um wicker &gt;&gt; So they had all these like um wicker like woven signs like you can see from like woven signs like you can see from like woven signs like you can see from here the the one for Flight of Passage here the the one for Flight of Passage here the the one for Flight of Passage was like a huge banshee. was like a huge banshee. was like a huge banshee. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's kind of like that right &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's kind of like that right &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's kind of like that right there. You see the wings going up. there. You see the wings going up. there. You see the wings going up. &gt;&gt; I love that. Is this the last like &gt;&gt; I love that. Is this the last like &gt;&gt; I love that. Is this the last like really well themed land? really well themed land? really well themed land? &gt;&gt; No, cuz Star Wars opened after this. Oh, &gt;&gt; No, cuz Star Wars opened after this. Oh, &gt;&gt; No, cuz Star Wars opened after this. Oh, okay. But I feel like this is even okay. But I feel like this is even okay. But I feel like this is even themed better than Star Wars. themed better than Star Wars. themed better than Star Wars. &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; Is that a hot take? &gt;&gt; Is that a hot take? &gt;&gt; Is that a hot take? &gt;&gt; That's a hot hot take. &gt;&gt; That's a hot hot take. &gt;&gt; That's a hot hot take. &gt;&gt; That's like probably the hottest take &gt;&gt; That's like probably the hottest take &gt;&gt; That's like probably the hottest take I've ever heard in my life. I've ever heard in my life. I've ever heard in my life. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I strongly disagree is what I'm &gt;&gt; I I strongly disagree is what I'm &gt;&gt; I I strongly disagree is what I'm saying. saying. saying. &gt;&gt; I wish there was more of this. &gt;&gt; I wish there was more of this. &gt;&gt; I wish there was more of this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I wish this was a bigger land &gt;&gt; I wish this was a bigger land &gt;&gt; I wish this was a bigger land &gt;&gt; cuz this is so cool. Like what a cool It &gt;&gt; cuz this is so cool. Like what a cool It &gt;&gt; cuz this is so cool. Like what a cool It just lends itself to like very cool just lends itself to like very cool just lends itself to like very cool visuals, you know? So, here's one of the visuals, you know? So, here's one of the visuals, you know? So, here's one of the main reasons that I strongly disagree is main reasons that I strongly disagree is main reasons that I strongly disagree is because there are so many characters in because there are so many characters in because there are so many characters in Star Wars in Flag Spire. Star Wars in Flag Spire. Star Wars in Flag Spire. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Well, we used to have like the drummers &gt;&gt; Well, we used to have like the drummers &gt;&gt; Well, we used to have like the drummers used to come out. We used to we used to used to come out. We used to we used to used to come out. We used to we used to have have have &gt;&gt; there's a picture of the Na'vi breaking &gt;&gt; there's a picture of the Na'vi breaking &gt;&gt; there's a picture of the Na'vi breaking ground. That never happened in real ground. That never happened in real ground. That never happened in real life. life. life. &gt;&gt; No, but that's in Satuli Canteen. &gt;&gt; No, but that's in Satuli Canteen. &gt;&gt; No, but that's in Satuli Canteen. &gt;&gt; Well, and they had remember they had the &gt;&gt; Well, and they had remember they had the &gt;&gt; Well, and they had remember they had the um the suit the mech suit guy. um the suit the mech suit guy. um the suit the mech suit guy. &gt;&gt; He used to come out. &gt;&gt; He used to come out. &gt;&gt; He used to come out. &gt;&gt; But they can't come out now. It's too &gt;&gt; But they can't come out now. It's too &gt;&gt; But they can't come out now. It's too busy over there. you know, knock some busy over there. you know, knock some busy over there. you know, knock some people over. people over. people over. &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah, that is true. &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah, that is true. &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah, that is true. &gt;&gt; That's why I think in Star Wars, they &gt;&gt; That's why I think in Star Wars, they &gt;&gt; That's why I think in Star Wars, they created spaces for that. created spaces for that. created spaces for that. &gt;&gt; They learned they learned from this. &gt;&gt; They learned they learned from this. &gt;&gt; They learned they learned from this. &gt;&gt; The Stormtroopers could be up on top of &gt;&gt; The Stormtroopers could be up on top of &gt;&gt; The Stormtroopers could be up on top of that like the workshop area. that like the workshop area. that like the workshop area. &gt;&gt; So, what you're saying is Pandora walked &gt;&gt; So, what you're saying is Pandora walked &gt;&gt; So, what you're saying is Pandora walked so Star Wars could run. so Star Wars could run. so Star Wars could run. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is that what you're saying? &gt;&gt; Is that what you're saying? &gt;&gt; Is that what you're saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; So Star Wars could could forcefly. &gt;&gt; So Star Wars could could forcefly. &gt;&gt; So Star Wars could could forcefly. &gt;&gt; Did anybody do that? Is that a thing? &gt;&gt; Did anybody do that? Is that a thing? &gt;&gt; Did anybody do that? Is that a thing? &gt;&gt; So, something that I've always wanted to &gt;&gt; So, something that I've always wanted to &gt;&gt; So, something that I've always wanted to do and have not been able to do is get do and have not been able to do is get do and have not been able to do is get my face painted like a Na'vi. Because my face painted like a Na'vi. Because my face painted like a Na'vi. Because when we came to do it, it was 2020 and when we came to do it, it was 2020 and when we came to do it, it was 2020 and they stopped doing face painting in they stopped doing face painting in they stopped doing face painting in pretty sure they brought it back. pretty sure they brought it back. pretty sure they brought it back. &gt;&gt; We'll have to look around and see where &gt;&gt; We'll have to look around and see where &gt;&gt; We'll have to look around and see where it's at. it's at. it's at. &gt;&gt; I want to get my Na'vi face paint. &gt;&gt; I want to get my Na'vi face paint. &gt;&gt; I want to get my Na'vi face paint. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Also, they So, I think that this is &gt;&gt; Also, they So, I think that this is &gt;&gt; Also, they So, I think that this is something that Disney does. This is just something that Disney does. This is just something that Disney does. This is just based off of my auditory experience is based off of my auditory experience is based off of my auditory experience is that when they know the park is crowded, that when they know the park is crowded, that when they know the park is crowded, I think they crank up the background I think they crank up the background I think they crank up the background noise and music and stuff. So, like noise and music and stuff. So, like noise and music and stuff. So, like right now, the animals around Pandora right now, the animals around Pandora right now, the animals around Pandora are very loud. They are are very loud. They are are very loud. They are &gt;&gt; like the banshees up in the like the &gt;&gt; like the banshees up in the like the &gt;&gt; like the banshees up in the like the rrookeries up here so loud. The little rrookeries up here so loud. The little rrookeries up here so loud. The little animals are off in the bushes very loud animals are off in the bushes very loud animals are off in the bushes very loud &gt;&gt; and it's just like I think that's just &gt;&gt; and it's just like I think that's just &gt;&gt; and it's just like I think that's just because they anticipate the crowd level because they anticipate the crowd level because they anticipate the crowd level absorbing some of that noise. I know absorbing some of that noise. I know absorbing some of that noise. I know it'd be a huge liability and they it'd be a huge liability and they it'd be a huge liability and they wouldn't ever do it, but I'd love to see wouldn't ever do it, but I'd love to see wouldn't ever do it, but I'd love to see Disney do a triathlon where like the Disney do a triathlon where like the Disney do a triathlon where like the swimming section is in the waterways of swimming section is in the waterways of swimming section is in the waterways of the different parks. the different parks. the different parks. &gt;&gt; You got to swim across Bay Lake or Seven &gt;&gt; You got to swim across Bay Lake or Seven &gt;&gt; You got to swim across Bay Lake or Seven Seas? Seas? Seas? &gt;&gt; No, thank you. &gt;&gt; No, thank you. &gt;&gt; No, thank you. &gt;&gt; All right, we exited back into the main &gt;&gt; All right, we exited back into the main &gt;&gt; All right, we exited back into the main area. Tree of Life is just to our right area. Tree of Life is just to our right area. Tree of Life is just to our right over there. We're headed towards over there. We're headed towards over there. We're headed towards Harambe. Harambe. Harambe. &gt;&gt; So, we wanted to ride the safari, but &gt;&gt; So, we wanted to ride the safari, but &gt;&gt; So, we wanted to ride the safari, but the safari is like an hour and a half the safari is like an hour and a half the safari is like an hour and a half wait right now. So, I wanted to show you wait right now. So, I wanted to show you wait right now. So, I wanted to show you how you can get a safari like experience how you can get a safari like experience how you can get a safari like experience without riding the safari ride. without riding the safari ride. without riding the safari ride. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; so right over here. &gt;&gt; so right over here. &gt;&gt; so right over here. &gt;&gt; Oh, we just passed it. The otter grotto. &gt;&gt; Oh, we just passed it. The otter grotto. &gt;&gt; Oh, we just passed it. The otter grotto. Can see some otter. Can see some otter. Can see some otter. &gt;&gt; You can see them right here, too. Let's &gt;&gt; You can see them right here, too. Let's &gt;&gt; You can see them right here, too. Let's go look. No way for the otter grotto. go look. No way for the otter grotto. go look. No way for the otter grotto. They sitting right there. Like, do you They sitting right there. Like, do you They sitting right there. Like, do you see the little butts? see the little butts? see the little butts? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. They're all right there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. They're all right there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. They're all right there. &gt;&gt; Otter butts. They're like napping or &gt;&gt; Otter butts. They're like napping or &gt;&gt; Otter butts. They're like napping or something. little otter pile. something. little otter pile. something. little otter pile. &gt;&gt; Look at that. We didn't even have to &gt;&gt; Look at that. We didn't even have to &gt;&gt; Look at that. We didn't even have to wait an hour and a half. wait an hour and a half. wait an hour and a half. &gt;&gt; I wanted to spend this how I want to &gt;&gt; I wanted to spend this how I want to &gt;&gt; I wanted to spend this how I want to spend my 2026 is in an otter pile. spend my 2026 is in an otter pile. spend my 2026 is in an otter pile. &gt;&gt; Just just sleeping in a circle. &gt;&gt; Just just sleeping in a circle. &gt;&gt; Just just sleeping in a circle. &gt;&gt; Imagine how how content they are in &gt;&gt; Imagine how how content they are in &gt;&gt; Imagine how how content they are in there with that catfish shark. there with that catfish shark. there with that catfish shark. &gt;&gt; Wow, he's so &gt;&gt; Wow, he's so &gt;&gt; Wow, he's so &gt;&gt; Looks like a shark, but it's not. It's &gt;&gt; Looks like a shark, but it's not. It's &gt;&gt; Looks like a shark, but it's not. It's just a catfish. I don't even know if you just a catfish. I don't even know if you just a catfish. I don't even know if you guys can see it. guys can see it. guys can see it. &gt;&gt; So, do catfish normally have their tails &gt;&gt; So, do catfish normally have their tails &gt;&gt; So, do catfish normally have their tails like that or are they flat? like that or are they flat? like that or are they flat? &gt;&gt; No, they're This is how a catfish looks. &gt;&gt; No, they're This is how a catfish looks. &gt;&gt; No, they're This is how a catfish looks. &gt;&gt; Like, can you see how his tail is? &gt;&gt; Like, can you see how his tail is? &gt;&gt; Like, can you see how his tail is? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. How big do you think that is? A &gt;&gt; Wow. How big do you think that is? A &gt;&gt; Wow. How big do you think that is? A meter. What kind of what are you meter. What kind of what are you meter. What kind of what are you British? British? British? &gt;&gt; And just past that over here on the &gt;&gt; And just past that over here on the &gt;&gt; And just past that over here on the right, just across from Starbucks, the right, just across from Starbucks, the right, just across from Starbucks, the cotton top tamarind. cotton top tamarind. cotton top tamarind. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's see. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's see. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's see. &gt;&gt; Were these the golden tamarinds? They're &gt;&gt; Were these the golden tamarinds? They're &gt;&gt; Were these the golden tamarinds? They're tamarind. Let's see if I remembered tamarind. Let's see if I remembered tamarind. Let's see if I remembered correctly which one it was. Cotton top correctly which one it was. Cotton top correctly which one it was. Cotton top tamarind. I don't even know if you guys tamarind. I don't even know if you guys tamarind. I don't even know if you guys be able to see them back there. be able to see them back there. be able to see them back there. &gt;&gt; All right. Can you see? &gt;&gt; All right. Can you see? &gt;&gt; All right. Can you see? &gt;&gt; Probably just focusing on the &gt;&gt; Probably just focusing on the &gt;&gt; Probably just focusing on the &gt;&gt; Oh, you can see right their little &gt;&gt; Oh, you can see right their little &gt;&gt; Oh, you can see right their little tails. They're on the sign. tails. They're on the sign. tails. They're on the sign. &gt;&gt; I think we're focused on the &gt;&gt; I think we're focused on the &gt;&gt; I think we're focused on the &gt;&gt; Oh, look. He's He's like grooming her. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. He's He's like grooming her. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. He's He's like grooming her. &gt;&gt; He's checking him for bugs. That's you. That's you. That's you. &gt;&gt; So, another spot is before you get to &gt;&gt; So, another spot is before you get to &gt;&gt; So, another spot is before you get to Africa, make a right down this little Africa, make a right down this little Africa, make a right down this little path here. And it may seem like you're path here. And it may seem like you're path here. And it may seem like you're going to run into nothing, but guess going to run into nothing, but guess going to run into nothing, but guess what? what? what? &gt;&gt; You'll find some tortoises back here. &gt;&gt; You'll find some tortoises back here. &gt;&gt; You'll find some tortoises back here. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; Ooh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I love a good tortoise. Also, when it's &gt;&gt; I love a good tortoise. Also, when it's &gt;&gt; I love a good tortoise. Also, when it's hot outside, when it's a little warmer, hot outside, when it's a little warmer, hot outside, when it's a little warmer, this path is so cool. this path is so cool. this path is so cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. This is great. I feel &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. This is great. I feel &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. This is great. I feel like this would be a good spot if you like this would be a good spot if you like this would be a good spot if you don't mind sitting on the ground to like don't mind sitting on the ground to like don't mind sitting on the ground to like if you're nursing or if you need to like if you're nursing or if you need to like if you're nursing or if you need to like grab a quick snack with kids who are too grab a quick snack with kids who are too grab a quick snack with kids who are too warm, you know, like this would be a warm, you know, like this would be a warm, you know, like this would be a good spot to do that. I good spot to do that. I good spot to do that. I &gt;&gt; agree. &gt;&gt; agree. &gt;&gt; agree. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. There's a stork in here. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. There's a stork in here. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. There's a stork in here. &gt;&gt; This is abdom stork. Abdim's stork. &gt;&gt; This is abdom stork. Abdim's stork. &gt;&gt; This is abdom stork. Abdim's stork. &gt;&gt; So, these storks are often found in the &gt;&gt; So, these storks are often found in the &gt;&gt; So, these storks are often found in the wetlands and they help clean and filter wetlands and they help clean and filter wetlands and they help clean and filter the water and protect the land from the water and protect the land from the water and protect the land from erosion and floods. erosion and floods. erosion and floods. &gt;&gt; Where do they live? South Africa. &gt;&gt; Where do they live? South Africa. &gt;&gt; Where do they live? South Africa. &gt;&gt; Yes, they do live in like the mid to &gt;&gt; Yes, they do live in like the mid to &gt;&gt; Yes, they do live in like the mid to South Africa. Okay, so this is South Africa. Okay, so this is South Africa. Okay, so this is interesting. Um, it they says it's not interesting. Um, it they says it's not interesting. Um, it they says it's not unusual to find as many as 10,000 of unusual to find as many as 10,000 of unusual to find as many as 10,000 of these birds in one flock. these birds in one flock. these birds in one flock. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; So that's like a big that's a big flock. &gt;&gt; So that's like a big that's a big flock. &gt;&gt; So that's like a big that's a big flock. And then it also says so they're usually And then it also says so they're usually And then it also says so they're usually located between like central and located between like central and located between like central and southern Africa. But so they will also southern Africa. But so they will also southern Africa. But so they will also travel north during the rainy season and travel north during the rainy season and travel north during the rainy season and because of that they're known as the because of that they're known as the because of that they're known as the rainbringers. rainbringers. rainbringers. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; So it's like a superstition has helped &gt;&gt; So it's like a superstition has helped &gt;&gt; So it's like a superstition has helped to protect the birds. So, um, they think to protect the birds. So, um, they think to protect the birds. So, um, they think that they bring the rain, so they like that they bring the rain, so they like that they bring the rain, so they like leave them be. leave them be. leave them be. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; And a little bit further down the path, &gt;&gt; And a little bit further down the path, &gt;&gt; And a little bit further down the path, the giant goalpagos tortoise right the giant goalpagos tortoise right the giant goalpagos tortoise right there. there. there. &gt;&gt; There he is. There's another one back &gt;&gt; There he is. There's another one back &gt;&gt; There he is. There's another one back over here, too. over here, too. over here, too. &gt;&gt; So, here come Doug and Russell down &gt;&gt; So, here come Doug and Russell down &gt;&gt; So, here come Doug and Russell down here, too. here, too. here, too. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; And Doug and Russell have moved their &gt;&gt; And Doug and Russell have moved their &gt;&gt; And Doug and Russell have moved their meet and greet location over here since meet and greet location over here since meet and greet location over here since Nick and Judy overtook their spot over Nick and Judy overtook their spot over Nick and Judy overtook their spot over by where Zootopia Better Zoo is. Hey. by where Zootopia Better Zoo is. Hey. by where Zootopia Better Zoo is. Hey. Hello. Hello. Hello. &gt;&gt; How's it going, Russell? Hi. &gt;&gt; How's it going, Russell? Hi. &gt;&gt; How's it going, Russell? Hi. &gt;&gt; You having a good day? &gt;&gt; You having a good day? &gt;&gt; You having a good day? &gt;&gt; Happy. A big hug. &gt;&gt; Happy. A big hug. &gt;&gt; Happy. A big hug. &gt;&gt; Yes. Happy new year. &gt;&gt; Yes. Happy new year. &gt;&gt; Yes. Happy new year. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. &gt;&gt; How's it going? [laughter] &gt;&gt; How's it going? [laughter] &gt;&gt; How's it going? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Did you guys doing okay? &gt;&gt; Did you guys doing okay? &gt;&gt; Did you guys doing okay? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You ready to take some photos together? &gt;&gt; You ready to take some photos together? &gt;&gt; You ready to take some photos together? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Can we take some pictures with &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Can we take some pictures with &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Can we take some pictures with you? you? you? &gt;&gt; Do you guys like your new location over &gt;&gt; Do you guys like your new location over &gt;&gt; Do you guys like your new location over here? here? here? &gt;&gt; It's nice. You're like more in the &gt;&gt; It's nice. You're like more in the &gt;&gt; It's nice. You're like more in the woods. You can see the tortoises. woods. You can see the tortoises. woods. You can see the tortoises. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; Right next to the exact tortoises. Okay, &gt;&gt; Right next to the exact tortoises. Okay, &gt;&gt; Right next to the exact tortoises. Okay, I'll come over there. Let's see here. &gt;&gt; There's people over there. &gt;&gt; There's people over there. &gt;&gt; There's people over there. Are they Are they Are they &gt;&gt; the tortoises? &gt;&gt; the tortoises? &gt;&gt; the tortoises? &gt;&gt; He's showing Tim the tortois. &gt;&gt; He's showing Tim the tortois. &gt;&gt; He's showing Tim the tortois. &gt;&gt; Oh, they're both right here. Look at &gt;&gt; Oh, they're both right here. Look at &gt;&gt; Oh, they're both right here. Look at them both. them both. them both. &gt;&gt; Holy cow. Must be nice and warm over &gt;&gt; Holy cow. Must be nice and warm over &gt;&gt; Holy cow. Must be nice and warm over there, right? They're huge. I know. there, right? They're huge. I know. there, right? They're huge. I know. &gt;&gt; Doug held my hand and then there was a &gt;&gt; Doug held my hand and then there was a &gt;&gt; Doug held my hand and then there was a moment where he sort of let go and I moment where he sort of let go and I moment where he sort of let go and I sort of let go, but then he kept sort of let go, but then he kept sort of let go, but then he kept holding. So, he was sort of holding my holding. So, he was sort of holding my holding. So, he was sort of holding my hand like by the fingertips. hand like by the fingertips. hand like by the fingertips. &gt;&gt; Oh, like that's kind of how Oliver and &gt;&gt; Oh, like that's kind of how Oliver and &gt;&gt; Oh, like that's kind of how Oliver and Jackson hold hands. Jackson hold hands. Jackson hold hands. &gt;&gt; But I felt bad. I I didn't want to like &gt;&gt; But I felt bad. I I didn't want to like &gt;&gt; But I felt bad. I I didn't want to like readjust cuz I didn't know how like, you readjust cuz I didn't know how like, you readjust cuz I didn't know how like, you know, I didn't want to be like, "No, know, I didn't want to be like, "No, know, I didn't want to be like, "No, you'll hold my hand now. you'll hold my hand now. you'll hold my hand now. &gt;&gt; You will hold my hand." you know, &gt;&gt; You will hold my hand." you know, &gt;&gt; You will hold my hand." you know, &gt;&gt; and so I was like, I don't know. Well, &gt;&gt; and so I was like, I don't know. Well, &gt;&gt; and so I was like, I don't know. Well, I'll just keep it just fingertips, I I'll just keep it just fingertips, I I'll just keep it just fingertips, I guess. guess. guess. &gt;&gt; It's so beautiful back here. &gt;&gt; It's so beautiful back here. &gt;&gt; It's so beautiful back here. &gt;&gt; It really is. &gt;&gt; It really is. &gt;&gt; It really is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love this. &gt;&gt; You know what's the most beautiful thing &gt;&gt; You know what's the most beautiful thing &gt;&gt; You know what's the most beautiful thing back here? back here? back here? &gt;&gt; That bird. &gt;&gt; That bird. &gt;&gt; That bird. &gt;&gt; No, you. [laughter] What the heck? It's &gt;&gt; No, you. [laughter] What the heck? It's &gt;&gt; No, you. [laughter] What the heck? It's you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is where it ends. This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is where it ends. This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is where it ends. This is stroller parking for better zoo gather. stroller parking for better zoo gather. stroller parking for better zoo gather. So, there's no more animals back this So, there's no more animals back this So, there's no more animals back this way. way. way. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But we could head back and we could go &gt;&gt; But we could head back and we could go &gt;&gt; But we could head back and we could go on uh the train on uh the train on uh the train &gt;&gt; back to Conservation Station. We could &gt;&gt; back to Conservation Station. We could &gt;&gt; back to Conservation Station. We could go down Gorilla Falls. go down Gorilla Falls. go down Gorilla Falls. &gt;&gt; It's 1:00 right now. We could go. &gt;&gt; It's 1:00 right now. We could go. &gt;&gt; It's 1:00 right now. We could go. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's also a good look at the tree. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's also a good look at the tree. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's also a good look at the tree. This is like a good This is like a good This is like a good &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I can see a scorpion. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I can see a scorpion. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I can see a scorpion. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I can see a giraffe head. I can see a &gt;&gt; I can see a giraffe head. I can see a &gt;&gt; I can see a giraffe head. I can see a hippopotamus, ostrich, hippopotamus, ostrich, hippopotamus, ostrich, &gt;&gt; eagle, &gt;&gt; eagle, &gt;&gt; eagle, &gt;&gt; a tortoise. I don't know if they ever if &gt;&gt; a tortoise. I don't know if they ever if &gt;&gt; a tortoise. I don't know if they ever if Disney ever came out with like a a Disney ever came out with like a a Disney ever came out with like a a definitive number of animals that are definitive number of animals that are definitive number of animals that are &gt;&gt; they did. It's it's on the It's on the &gt;&gt; they did. It's it's on the It's on the &gt;&gt; they did. It's it's on the It's on the um when you t when you do the trail. So, um when you t when you do the trail. So, um when you t when you do the trail. So, the trail's closed right now, but when the trail's closed right now, but when the trail's closed right now, but when it opens, we'll take you back on the it opens, we'll take you back on the it opens, we'll take you back on the trail or I'll link a video where we went trail or I'll link a video where we went trail or I'll link a video where we went on the trail, and there's signs that say on the trail, and there's signs that say on the trail, and there's signs that say &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; It might say like there's over this many &gt;&gt; It might say like there's over this many &gt;&gt; It might say like there's over this many numbers. numbers. numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I mean. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I mean. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I mean. &gt;&gt; Oh, you you want the exact number? &gt;&gt; Oh, you you want the exact number? &gt;&gt; Oh, you you want the exact number? &gt;&gt; I want exact number of animals cuz it it &gt;&gt; I want exact number of animals cuz it it &gt;&gt; I want exact number of animals cuz it it continues all the way down through the continues all the way down through the continues all the way down through the roots roots roots &gt;&gt; and everything. &gt;&gt; and everything. &gt;&gt; and everything. &gt;&gt; We'll have to look. That'll be a That's &gt;&gt; We'll have to look. That'll be a That's &gt;&gt; We'll have to look. That'll be a That's a a a &gt;&gt; We're just going to go counting. &gt;&gt; We're just going to go counting. &gt;&gt; We're just going to go counting. &gt;&gt; Go in there. As we're making our way out &gt;&gt; Go in there. As we're making our way out &gt;&gt; Go in there. As we're making our way out of this, I'd like to talk to a cast of this, I'd like to talk to a cast of this, I'd like to talk to a cast member and figure out what this is. member and figure out what this is. member and figure out what this is. &gt;&gt; What &gt;&gt; What &gt;&gt; What &gt;&gt; back here? So, these What are they &gt;&gt; back here? So, these What are they &gt;&gt; back here? So, these What are they called? They're called white ivvises, called? They're called white ivvises, called? They're called white ivvises, &gt;&gt; right? And they're they're protected and &gt;&gt; right? And they're they're protected and &gt;&gt; right? And they're they're protected and so you can't move them or anything like so you can't move them or anything like so you can't move them or anything like that, but I don't know like what this that, but I don't know like what this that, but I don't know like what this little enclosure is for. It looks like little enclosure is for. It looks like little enclosure is for. It looks like it's been, you know, something could get it's been, you know, something could get it's been, you know, something could get in there if they needed to, but I don't in there if they needed to, but I don't in there if they needed to, but I don't really understand what it's there for. really understand what it's there for. really understand what it's there for. &gt;&gt; Does anybody know? &gt;&gt; Does anybody know? &gt;&gt; Does anybody know? &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; H there's also an opening in this fence. &gt;&gt; H there's also an opening in this fence. &gt;&gt; H there's also an opening in this fence. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Please do not feed the animals cuz they &gt;&gt; Please do not feed the animals cuz they &gt;&gt; Please do not feed the animals cuz they might rip down the fence to come and get might rip down the fence to come and get might rip down the fence to come and get the food. the food. the food. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. It looks like maybe uh they &gt;&gt; Oh, no. It looks like maybe uh they &gt;&gt; Oh, no. It looks like maybe uh they pulled it out like it's kind of folded pulled it out like it's kind of folded pulled it out like it's kind of folded back right there. back right there. back right there. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Like maybe they were going down there to &gt;&gt; Like maybe they were going down there to &gt;&gt; Like maybe they were going down there to fix something like with a boat or fix something like with a boat or fix something like with a boat or something cuz there's also a gate here. something cuz there's also a gate here. something cuz there's also a gate here. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Oh, it smells like popcorn. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Oh, it smells like popcorn. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Oh, it smells like popcorn. That popcorn smells so good. That popcorn smells so good. That popcorn smells so good. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, it was a gate. That is a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, it was a gate. That is a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, it was a gate. That is a gate that has fallen in disrepair. gate that has fallen in disrepair. gate that has fallen in disrepair. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Did you know that white ibises are &gt;&gt; Did you know that white ibises are &gt;&gt; Did you know that white ibises are strong enough to um open a gate? strong enough to um open a gate? strong enough to um open a gate? &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you were telling me a real &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you were telling me a real &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you were telling me a real fact. I was excited to hear it. Sorry. fact. I was excited to hear it. Sorry. fact. I was excited to hear it. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Heading into Harambe, &gt;&gt; Heading into Harambe, &gt;&gt; Heading into Harambe, &gt;&gt; Port of East Africa. &gt;&gt; Port of East Africa. &gt;&gt; Port of East Africa. But also, Kilamanjaro Safaris closes at But also, Kilamanjaro Safaris closes at But also, Kilamanjaro Safaris closes at leading towards the longer line. People leading towards the longer line. People leading towards the longer line. People said we don't got much time to do it cuz said we don't got much time to do it cuz said we don't got much time to do it cuz the park is open later, much later than the park is open later, much later than the park is open later, much later than that. Over here at Tamu Tamu, they have that. Over here at Tamu Tamu, they have that. Over here at Tamu Tamu, they have a sangria dolehip float. Sangria with a sangria dolehip float. Sangria with a sangria dolehip float. Sangria with jar jar sweet jar jar sweet jar jar sweet topped with dolehip pineapple. Ooh, that topped with dolehip pineapple. Ooh, that topped with dolehip pineapple. Ooh, that sounds interesting. sounds interesting. sounds interesting. &gt;&gt; Ooh, that pineapple crisp sundae sounds &gt;&gt; Ooh, that pineapple crisp sundae sounds &gt;&gt; Ooh, that pineapple crisp sundae sounds really good. really good. really good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yum. Came back by Kilamanjaro Safaris. &gt;&gt; Yum. Came back by Kilamanjaro Safaris. &gt;&gt; Yum. Came back by Kilamanjaro Safaris. Only a 60-minute wait now. Not as bad as Only a 60-minute wait now. Not as bad as Only a 60-minute wait now. Not as bad as it was like a few minutes ago. We it was like a few minutes ago. We it was like a few minutes ago. We decided to come back and do Rafiki's decided to come back and do Rafiki's decided to come back and do Rafiki's Planet Watch. Want to get on the train. Planet Watch. Want to get on the train. Planet Watch. Want to get on the train. So many strollers all around. It's such So many strollers all around. It's such So many strollers all around. It's such a busy day. It's such a busy week here. a busy day. It's such a busy week here. a busy day. It's such a busy week here. It's been wild. Like this is the It's been wild. Like this is the It's been wild. Like this is the representation of it right here. There representation of it right here. There representation of it right here. There may not be a lot of people around me may not be a lot of people around me may not be a lot of people around me right now, but just the sheer amount of right now, but just the sheer amount of right now, but just the sheer amount of strollers everywhere. Southbound stops strollers everywhere. Southbound stops strollers everywhere. Southbound stops and northbound stops. and northbound stops. and northbound stops. Wildlife Express, the conservation Wildlife Express, the conservation Wildlife Express, the conservation station. &gt;&gt; All right, we're headed over. We're on &gt;&gt; All right, we're headed over. We're on &gt;&gt; All right, we're headed over. We're on the train. The Wildlife Express. Oh the train. The Wildlife Express. Oh the train. The Wildlife Express. Oh yeah, you can see it b turning the yeah, you can see it b turning the yeah, you can see it b turning the corner up there. corner up there. corner up there. &gt;&gt; Disney passing by longing passion for &gt;&gt; Disney passing by longing passion for &gt;&gt; Disney passing by longing passion for conservation. He believed it was the conservation. He believed it was the conservation. He believed it was the Warthog. Keep an eye out. Keep an eye out. Keep an eye out. &gt;&gt; Let's see. I think this is rhinos and &gt;&gt; Let's see. I think this is rhinos and &gt;&gt; Let's see. I think this is rhinos and stuff. You can tell by the big pylons. stuff. You can tell by the big pylons. stuff. You can tell by the big pylons. Can you see him? Oh, he's in there right Can you see him? Oh, he's in there right Can you see him? Oh, he's in there right there. Do you see him? Let's like catch there. Do you see him? Let's like catch there. Do you see him? Let's like catch a glimpse of it. a glimpse of it. a glimpse of it. &gt;&gt; Kind of hanging out in the building. &gt;&gt; Kind of hanging out in the building. &gt;&gt; Kind of hanging out in the building. &gt;&gt; Let's see if we have the the elephants &gt;&gt; Let's see if we have the the elephants &gt;&gt; Let's see if we have the the elephants in there. &gt;&gt; Any elephants? &gt;&gt; Any elephants? &gt;&gt; Any elephants? &gt;&gt; I can see some taste. &gt;&gt; I can see some taste. &gt;&gt; I can see some taste. &gt;&gt; Other than that, I don't see anything. &gt;&gt; Other than that, I don't see anything. &gt;&gt; Other than that, I don't see anything. We are planet watch. There was one time We are planet watch. There was one time We are planet watch. There was one time that they did this like Animal Kingdom that they did this like Animal Kingdom that they did this like Animal Kingdom Nights thing back here. Nights thing back here. Nights thing back here. &gt;&gt; It was fun. I liked it a lot. &gt;&gt; It was fun. I liked it a lot. &gt;&gt; It was fun. I liked it a lot. &gt;&gt; Eat the food. And &gt;&gt; Eat the food. And &gt;&gt; Eat the food. And &gt;&gt; what else did we do? I think it was just &gt;&gt; what else did we do? I think it was just &gt;&gt; what else did we do? I think it was just food. food. food. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we like took the train back here &gt;&gt; Yeah, we like took the train back here &gt;&gt; Yeah, we like took the train back here after the park closed and they had like after the park closed and they had like after the park closed and they had like food stations back here and like uh food stations back here and like uh food stations back here and like uh educational opportunities. educational opportunities. educational opportunities. &gt;&gt; That was a long time ago. I wonder if &gt;&gt; That was a long time ago. I wonder if &gt;&gt; That was a long time ago. I wonder if they'll ever do something like that they'll ever do something like that they'll ever do something like that again. again. again. &gt;&gt; Well, we just used the cups from it. I &gt;&gt; Well, we just used the cups from it. I &gt;&gt; Well, we just used the cups from it. I think it had something to do with the think it had something to do with the think it had something to do with the Lion King, too. Lion King, too. Lion King, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We just used the cups for it for our New &gt;&gt; We just used the cups for it for our New &gt;&gt; We just used the cups for it for our New Year's Eve. Cheers. There it is. Year's Eve. Cheers. There it is. Year's Eve. Cheers. There it is. Conservation Station. We're headed back Conservation Station. We're headed back Conservation Station. We're headed back to the affection section where you can to the affection section where you can to the affection section where you can meet some domesticated animals. Sheeps meet some domesticated animals. Sheeps meet some domesticated animals. Sheeps and goats. He's got a stick playing with and goats. He's got a stick playing with and goats. He's got a stick playing with a stick. I feel like I could watch a a stick. I feel like I could watch a a stick. I feel like I could watch a goat playing with a stick all day long. goat playing with a stick all day long. goat playing with a stick all day long. I don't know. Watch an old game of goaty I don't know. Watch an old game of goaty I don't know. Watch an old game of goaty sticky. sticky. sticky. &gt;&gt; I wish they would come closer so I could &gt;&gt; I wish they would come closer so I could &gt;&gt; I wish they would come closer so I could really pet them. Oh, this one's coming really pet them. Oh, this one's coming really pet them. Oh, this one's coming out. out. out. &gt;&gt; He's coming out of his cage and he's &gt;&gt; He's coming out of his cage and he's &gt;&gt; He's coming out of his cage and he's doing just fine. doing just fine. doing just fine. &gt;&gt; He's not doing so fine. He's stuck on &gt;&gt; He's not doing so fine. He's stuck on &gt;&gt; He's not doing so fine. He's stuck on the rope. &gt;&gt; You've heard of Elf on a shelf. No, you &gt;&gt; You've heard of Elf on a shelf. No, you &gt;&gt; You've heard of Elf on a shelf. No, you just got to pet a goat on a rope. just got to pet a goat on a rope. just got to pet a goat on a rope. &gt;&gt; Oh, who am I? I'm a sheep. Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, who am I? I'm a sheep. Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, who am I? I'm a sheep. Oh, &gt;&gt; they give people meat, milk, and wool. &gt;&gt; they give people meat, milk, and wool. &gt;&gt; they give people meat, milk, and wool. Their favorite food is grass. They live Their favorite food is grass. They live Their favorite food is grass. They live in groups called flocks. Oh, that's like in groups called flocks. Oh, that's like in groups called flocks. Oh, that's like that flock of birds. that flock of birds. that flock of birds. &gt;&gt; Flock of sheep goals. &gt;&gt; Flock of sheep goals. &gt;&gt; Flock of sheep goals. &gt;&gt; I'm adapted to hot, humid weather, which &gt;&gt; I'm adapted to hot, humid weather, which &gt;&gt; I'm adapted to hot, humid weather, which is interesting because they're covered is interesting because they're covered is interesting because they're covered in wool. in wool. in wool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, there he is. &gt;&gt; Oh, there he is. &gt;&gt; Oh, there he is. &gt;&gt; Hey, &gt;&gt; Hey, &gt;&gt; Hey, &gt;&gt; run, run, run. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; run, run, run. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; run, run, run. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. Who am I? I'm a cow. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. Who am I? I'm a cow. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. Who am I? I'm a cow. &gt;&gt; Ooh. Small size makes for uh makes me &gt;&gt; Ooh. Small size makes for uh makes me &gt;&gt; Ooh. Small size makes for uh makes me best for farms with less space. best for farms with less space. best for farms with less space. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. small size. Wait a second. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. small size. Wait a second. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. small size. Wait a second. &gt;&gt; Well, some cows are small, but our &gt;&gt; Well, some cows are small, but our &gt;&gt; Well, some cows are small, but our friends over at Amazing Animals, who I'm friends over at Amazing Animals, who I'm friends over at Amazing Animals, who I'm going to link some videos of of us going going to link some videos of of us going going to link some videos of of us going to Amazing Animals down below. We love to Amazing Animals down below. We love to Amazing Animals down below. We love them so much. Um, but they are an exotic them so much. Um, but they are an exotic them so much. Um, but they are an exotic animal sanctuary in St. Cloud. They just animal sanctuary in St. Cloud. They just animal sanctuary in St. Cloud. They just got two Highland cows. got two Highland cows. got two Highland cows. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah. They're so cute. &gt;&gt; yeah. They're so cute. &gt;&gt; yeah. They're so cute. &gt;&gt; Scottish Highland cows. &gt;&gt; Scottish Highland cows. &gt;&gt; Scottish Highland cows. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Like, they're fun. They got long hair. &gt;&gt; Like, they're fun. They got long hair. &gt;&gt; Like, they're fun. They got long hair. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're adorable. So, I want &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're adorable. So, I want &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're adorable. So, I want to go see them soon so we can go meet to go see them soon so we can go meet to go see them soon so we can go meet the cows. the cows. the cows. &gt;&gt; Grab a brush, pet a goat. Brush the &gt;&gt; Grab a brush, pet a goat. Brush the &gt;&gt; Grab a brush, pet a goat. Brush the goat. goat. goat. This goat's living his best life, This goat's living his best life, This goat's living his best life, getting brushed. You could do it harder getting brushed. You could do it harder getting brushed. You could do it harder than that. Goats are like very sturdy than that. Goats are like very sturdy than that. Goats are like very sturdy animals. animals. animals. &gt;&gt; No, I'm just giving him a little a &gt;&gt; No, I'm just giving him a little a &gt;&gt; No, I'm just giving him a little a little relaxing. little relaxing. little relaxing. &gt;&gt; You can't even feel that. &gt;&gt; You can't even feel that. &gt;&gt; You can't even feel that. &gt;&gt; I bet he can. &gt;&gt; I bet he can. &gt;&gt; I bet he can. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, uh, I got my new shoes for &gt;&gt; So, uh, I got my new shoes for &gt;&gt; So, uh, I got my new shoes for Christmas. You, too. These are your new Christmas. You, too. These are your new Christmas. You, too. These are your new shoes. shoes. shoes. &gt;&gt; I know. Look at us. We're in the dirt &gt;&gt; I know. Look at us. We're in the dirt &gt;&gt; I know. Look at us. We're in the dirt already. already. already. &gt;&gt; I immediately I wore them one once. &gt;&gt; I immediately I wore them one once. &gt;&gt; I immediately I wore them one once. Immediately stepped in dog poop. Tim Immediately stepped in dog poop. Tim Immediately stepped in dog poop. Tim cleaned my shoes out. Thank you so much cleaned my shoes out. Thank you so much cleaned my shoes out. Thank you so much for cleaning the poop out of my shoes, for cleaning the poop out of my shoes, for cleaning the poop out of my shoes, by the way. And then we came here and by the way. And then we came here and by the way. And then we came here and now I'm just going to step in more poop. now I'm just going to step in more poop. now I'm just going to step in more poop. &gt;&gt; So, you've been cleaning it up, though. &gt;&gt; So, you've been cleaning it up, though. &gt;&gt; So, you've been cleaning it up, though. You see, no poop around. You see, no poop around. You see, no poop around. &gt;&gt; It's inevitable that I'm going to have &gt;&gt; It's inevitable that I'm going to have &gt;&gt; It's inevitable that I'm going to have poop on these shoes. poop on these shoes. poop on these shoes. &gt;&gt; Oh, here. Well, look. See, if you want &gt;&gt; Oh, here. Well, look. See, if you want &gt;&gt; Oh, here. Well, look. See, if you want to see what goat poop looks like. to see what goat poop looks like. to see what goat poop looks like. &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; This is what goat poop looks like. &gt;&gt; This is what goat poop looks like. &gt;&gt; This is what goat poop looks like. &gt;&gt; Came out of that. &gt;&gt; Came out of that. &gt;&gt; Came out of that. &gt;&gt; Also, I'm going to link the video down &gt;&gt; Also, I'm going to link the video down &gt;&gt; Also, I'm going to link the video down below where we at Animal Kingdom, they below where we at Animal Kingdom, they below where we at Animal Kingdom, they used to have poop shaped snacks. used to have poop shaped snacks. used to have poop shaped snacks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They were only here for like a day. &gt;&gt; They were only here for like a day. &gt;&gt; They were only here for like a day. People got very upset about it. People got very upset about it. People got very upset about it. &gt;&gt; I don't know why. They were amazing. &gt;&gt; I don't know why. They were amazing. &gt;&gt; I don't know why. They were amazing. They were amazing. So good. They were amazing. So good. They were amazing. So good. &gt;&gt; They were. I'm going to link that video &gt;&gt; They were. I'm going to link that video &gt;&gt; They were. I'm going to link that video down below. It was very fun. down below. It was very fun. down below. It was very fun. &gt;&gt; They were called Name the Species or &gt;&gt; They were called Name the Species or &gt;&gt; They were called Name the Species or something like that. something like that. something like that. &gt;&gt; I think so. Bring back the poops next, &gt;&gt; I think so. Bring back the poops next, &gt;&gt; I think so. Bring back the poops next, Disney. Disney. Disney. &gt;&gt; So soft, right? &gt;&gt; So soft, right? &gt;&gt; So soft, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so soft. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so soft. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so soft. &gt;&gt; It's like a like a wool sweater. &gt;&gt; It's like a like a wool sweater. &gt;&gt; It's like a like a wool sweater. &gt;&gt; Just like it. &gt;&gt; Just like it. &gt;&gt; Just like it. &gt;&gt; What uh what do you call the noise that &gt;&gt; What uh what do you call the noise that &gt;&gt; What uh what do you call the noise that a donkey makes? a donkey makes? a donkey makes? &gt;&gt; Um don't they nay? What do they do? They &gt;&gt; Um don't they nay? What do they do? They &gt;&gt; Um don't they nay? What do they do? They like like like &gt;&gt; they like harump. They go harump. &gt;&gt; they like harump. They go harump. &gt;&gt; they like harump. They go harump. &gt;&gt; They he it's called brain. I read that &gt;&gt; They he it's called brain. I read that &gt;&gt; They he it's called brain. I read that on a sign over there. on a sign over there. on a sign over there. &gt;&gt; Oh, why do why' you ask? They &gt;&gt; Oh, why do why' you ask? They &gt;&gt; Oh, why do why' you ask? They &gt;&gt; wanted to see if you knew. If you &gt;&gt; wanted to see if you knew. If you &gt;&gt; wanted to see if you knew. If you already knew, I wouldn't tell you my fun already knew, I wouldn't tell you my fun already knew, I wouldn't tell you my fun fact. fact. fact. &gt;&gt; They say, "Hey, &gt;&gt; They say, "Hey, &gt;&gt; They say, "Hey, &gt;&gt; that's what they do." &gt;&gt; that's what they do." &gt;&gt; that's what they do." &gt;&gt; Yeah, they &gt;&gt; Yeah, they &gt;&gt; Yeah, they &gt;&gt; Dominic the Christmas donkey. Yes, &gt;&gt; Dominic the Christmas donkey. Yes, &gt;&gt; Dominic the Christmas donkey. Yes, &gt;&gt; I knew. I knew there was a noise. &gt;&gt; I knew. I knew there was a noise. &gt;&gt; I knew. I knew there was a noise. &gt;&gt; So, we just came inside to use the &gt;&gt; So, we just came inside to use the &gt;&gt; So, we just came inside to use the bathroom real quick and I had to ask bathroom real quick and I had to ask bathroom real quick and I had to ask you. So, men's bathrooms are set up you. So, men's bathrooms are set up you. So, men's bathrooms are set up different than women's bathrooms. We different than women's bathrooms. We different than women's bathrooms. We have urinal. When you're standing to have urinal. When you're standing to have urinal. When you're standing to pee, you can look straight ahead of you pee, you can look straight ahead of you pee, you can look straight ahead of you and in front of me, I had a sign that and in front of me, I had a sign that and in front of me, I had a sign that said whiz quiz. said whiz quiz. said whiz quiz. &gt;&gt; Oh, I had I took a picture of mine. &gt;&gt; Oh, I had I took a picture of mine. &gt;&gt; Oh, I had I took a picture of mine. &gt;&gt; Did you say mine said the scoop on poop? &gt;&gt; Did you say mine said the scoop on poop? &gt;&gt; Did you say mine said the scoop on poop? Oh, Oh, Oh, &gt;&gt; mine was How much does an elephant pee &gt;&gt; mine was How much does an elephant pee &gt;&gt; mine was How much does an elephant pee per day? per day? per day? &gt;&gt; Probably 30 gallons. &gt;&gt; Probably 30 gallons. &gt;&gt; Probably 30 gallons. &gt;&gt; 20 gallons. &gt;&gt; 20 gallons. &gt;&gt; 20 gallons. &gt;&gt; How far can a rhinoceros and a taper &gt;&gt; How far can a rhinoceros and a taper &gt;&gt; How far can a rhinoceros and a taper pee? Like how far? pee? Like how far? pee? Like how far? &gt;&gt; 15 ft. &gt;&gt; 15 ft. &gt;&gt; 15 ft. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got it right. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got it right. &gt;&gt; Oh, you got it right. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I'm the whiz quiz winner. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I'm the whiz quiz winner. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I'm the whiz quiz winner. &gt;&gt; This is the animation experience. &gt;&gt; This is the animation experience. &gt;&gt; This is the animation experience. &gt;&gt; Looks like they're going to draw &gt;&gt; Looks like they're going to draw &gt;&gt; Looks like they're going to draw &gt;&gt; maybe. He was not looking and Timone &gt;&gt; maybe. He was not looking and Timone &gt;&gt; maybe. He was not looking and Timone came through. I was paying attention to came through. I was paying attention to came through. I was paying attention to them drawing and then boom, out of them drawing and then boom, out of them drawing and then boom, out of nowhere, Mircat. All right, I'm ready nowhere, Mircat. All right, I'm ready nowhere, Mircat. All right, I'm ready for your poop scoop. for your poop scoop. for your poop scoop. &gt;&gt; Oh, let get my I took a picture of it. &gt;&gt; Oh, let get my I took a picture of it. &gt;&gt; Oh, let get my I took a picture of it. &gt;&gt; Did you memorize it? I memorized mine. &gt;&gt; Did you memorize it? I memorized mine. &gt;&gt; Did you memorize it? I memorized mine. &gt;&gt; No, cuz there was a line in my bathroom, &gt;&gt; No, cuz there was a line in my bathroom, &gt;&gt; No, cuz there was a line in my bathroom, so I had to be fast. The scoop on poop. so I had to be fast. The scoop on poop. so I had to be fast. The scoop on poop. You can tell by looking at poop whether You can tell by looking at poop whether You can tell by looking at poop whether an animal eats mostly grass, fruit, an animal eats mostly grass, fruit, an animal eats mostly grass, fruit, woody plants, insects, or other animals, woody plants, insects, or other animals, woody plants, insects, or other animals, even with dinosaurs, by studying even with dinosaurs, by studying even with dinosaurs, by studying coprolytes, which is fossilized poop. coprolytes, which is fossilized poop. coprolytes, which is fossilized poop. Um, dung beetles provide homes for their Um, dung beetles provide homes for their Um, dung beetles provide homes for their babies by rolling fresh elephant poop babies by rolling fresh elephant poop babies by rolling fresh elephant poop into a ball, placing an egg in the into a ball, placing an egg in the into a ball, placing an egg in the center of it, and then burying it center of it, and then burying it center of it, and then burying it underground. underground. underground. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, scientists measure body signals called scientists measure body signals called scientists measure body signals called hormones in poop. These hormones tell us hormones in poop. These hormones tell us hormones in poop. These hormones tell us whether the animal is happy, healthy, or whether the animal is happy, healthy, or whether the animal is happy, healthy, or even if they are about to have a baby. even if they are about to have a baby. even if they are about to have a baby. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's interesting. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's interesting. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's interesting. Okay. There was back during CO they were Okay. There was back during CO they were Okay. There was back during CO they were uh testing the waste water from people's uh testing the waste water from people's uh testing the waste water from people's toilets and knowing if there was going toilets and knowing if there was going toilets and knowing if there was going to be a CO outbreak in a specific to be a CO outbreak in a specific to be a CO outbreak in a specific community. So we sort of did that too, community. So we sort of did that too, community. So we sort of did that too, &gt;&gt; you know. &gt;&gt; you know. &gt;&gt; you know. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Making our way back to the train. &gt;&gt; Making our way back to the train. &gt;&gt; Making our way back to the train. Train's pulling up right now. We could Train's pulling up right now. We could Train's pulling up right now. We could hear it. hear it. hear it. &gt;&gt; As you go well and remember preserving &gt;&gt; As you go well and remember preserving &gt;&gt; As you go well and remember preserving the magic of nature the magic of nature the magic of nature the way out. This the way out. This the way out. This &gt;&gt; is funny. One of the imagineers, the &gt;&gt; is funny. One of the imagineers, the &gt;&gt; is funny. One of the imagineers, the main imagineer for D Animal Kingdom is main imagineer for D Animal Kingdom is main imagineer for D Animal Kingdom is named Joe Roie. Spelled differently, but named Joe Roie. Spelled differently, but named Joe Roie. Spelled differently, but I like that. And he's selling beads and I like that. And he's selling beads and I like that. And he's selling beads and masks. Also, masks. Also, masks. Also, &gt;&gt; what do you think? What do you think &gt;&gt; what do you think? What do you think &gt;&gt; what do you think? What do you think this telephone number? this telephone number? this telephone number? &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's a real phone number. &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's a real phone number. &gt;&gt; I don't know. It's a real phone number. I probably should. I probably should. I probably should. &gt;&gt; Maybe it calls Joe. Should we text him &gt;&gt; Maybe it calls Joe. Should we text him &gt;&gt; Maybe it calls Joe. Should we text him be like, "Hey, Joe." be like, "Hey, Joe." be like, "Hey, Joe." &gt;&gt; But also, make sure you think 10 times &gt;&gt; But also, make sure you think 10 times &gt;&gt; But also, make sure you think 10 times before you dabble in poaching. It's not before you dabble in poaching. It's not before you dabble in poaching. It's not even before you start poaching. Before even before you start poaching. Before even before you start poaching. Before you even dabble, think 10 times. you even dabble, think 10 times. you even dabble, think 10 times. &gt;&gt; I don't want to poach. Also, Harambe not &gt;&gt; I don't want to poach. Also, Harambe not &gt;&gt; I don't want to poach. Also, Harambe not currently serving, but they will be at currently serving, but they will be at currently serving, but they will be at some point. All right, making our way up some point. All right, making our way up some point. All right, making our way up towards the front of the park. So, we towards the front of the park. So, we towards the front of the park. So, we got to go on the train. We got to pet a got to go on the train. We got to pet a got to go on the train. We got to pet a goat and now we're headed back towards goat and now we're headed back towards goat and now we're headed back towards the front. Got to see. We have to kind the front. Got to see. We have to kind the front. Got to see. We have to kind of do a lot. of do a lot. of do a lot. &gt;&gt; So, this this was uh the busiest week of &gt;&gt; So, this this was uh the busiest week of &gt;&gt; So, this this was uh the busiest week of the of the year, right? the of the year, right? the of the year, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we'll be back for sure, but I really &gt;&gt; So, we'll be back for sure, but I really &gt;&gt; So, we'll be back for sure, but I really just wanted to be here. just wanted to be here. just wanted to be here. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, and we accomplished that. &gt;&gt; You know, and we accomplished that. &gt;&gt; You know, and we accomplished that. &gt;&gt; I had a good day. I had a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; I had a good day. I had a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; I had a good day. I had a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; I did, too. &gt;&gt; I did, too. &gt;&gt; I did, too. &gt;&gt; Trying to make our way up to the front. &gt;&gt; Trying to make our way up to the front. &gt;&gt; Trying to make our way up to the front. And I think we're going to go through And I think we're going to go through And I think we're going to go through Island Merkantile just cuz this crowd Island Merkantile just cuz this crowd Island Merkantile just cuz this crowd over in front of the tree of life looks over in front of the tree of life looks over in front of the tree of life looks immense. So we'll cut through the cut immense. So we'll cut through the cut immense. So we'll cut through the cut through the store here. Small [music] through the store here. Small [music] through the store here. Small [music] world stony clover collection. world stony clover collection. world stony clover collection. &gt;&gt; Oh, why is it here though? &gt;&gt; Oh, why is it here though? &gt;&gt; Oh, why is it here though? &gt;&gt; I don't know. They have a whole set of &gt;&gt; I don't know. They have a whole set of &gt;&gt; I don't know. They have a whole set of it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; There's also like the Letterman jacket &gt;&gt; There's also like the Letterman jacket &gt;&gt; There's also like the Letterman jacket style on the side right there. Also, style on the side right there. Also, style on the side right there. Also, it's 30% off right now. it's 30% off right now. it's 30% off right now. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; How much is this? &gt;&gt; How much is this? &gt;&gt; How much is this? &gt;&gt; 220. &gt;&gt; 220. &gt;&gt; 220. &gt;&gt; 220. Okay. 220 - 66. That doesn't make &gt;&gt; 220. Okay. 220 - 66. That doesn't make &gt;&gt; 220. Okay. 220 - 66. That doesn't make sense, sense, sense, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; 220 - So what? Look at the back. Oh &gt;&gt; 220 - So what? Look at the back. Oh &gt;&gt; 220 - So what? Look at the back. Oh yeah, that's nice. [music] I'm going to yeah, that's nice. [music] I'm going to yeah, that's nice. [music] I'm going to do some quick math in my head really do some quick math in my head really do some quick math in my head really slowly. 220 slowly. 220 slowly. 220 uh 200 - 40 uh 200 - 40 uh 200 - 40 is is is &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't you just do 200 - 60? &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't you just do 200 - 60? &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't you just do 200 - 60? &gt;&gt; Well, because 200US 20 is 220 - 20 is &gt;&gt; Well, because 200US 20 is 220 - 20 is &gt;&gt; Well, because 200US 20 is 220 - 20 is sense to me. sense to me. sense to me. &gt;&gt; So they're trying to do the like long &gt;&gt; So they're trying to do the like long &gt;&gt; So they're trying to do the like long chmp type thing. chmp type thing. chmp type thing. &gt;&gt; The long chmp the the purses that &gt;&gt; The long chmp the the purses that &gt;&gt; The long chmp the the purses that [music] are I have a long chomp dupe [music] are I have a long chomp dupe [music] are I have a long chomp dupe from Target that was from Target that was from Target that was &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a brand name. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a brand name. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a brand name. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Mine was $15. This one is &gt;&gt; Mine was $15. This one is &gt;&gt; Mine was $15. This one is &gt;&gt; 165. &gt;&gt; 165. &gt;&gt; 165. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? This one's cheaper. Oh, cuz &gt;&gt; Oh, really? This one's cheaper. Oh, cuz &gt;&gt; Oh, really? This one's cheaper. Oh, cuz this is just like a like a toiletry bag. this is just like a like a toiletry bag. this is just like a like a toiletry bag. A pencil case. A pencil case. A pencil case. &gt;&gt; Yeah, really big pencil case. You got a &gt;&gt; Yeah, really big pencil case. You got a &gt;&gt; Yeah, really big pencil case. You got a lot of pencils. What are you going to lot of pencils. What are you going to lot of pencils. What are you going to do? do? do? &gt;&gt; Um, this is very cute. But like what do &gt;&gt; Um, this is very cute. But like what do &gt;&gt; Um, this is very cute. But like what do you do with this? you do with this? you do with this? &gt;&gt; So, you put your phone in it and one lip &gt;&gt; So, you put your phone in it and one lip &gt;&gt; So, you put your phone in it and one lip plump. plump. plump. &gt;&gt; Lip blob. &gt;&gt; Lip blob. &gt;&gt; Lip blob. &gt;&gt; Lip lump. Oh, a Main Street collection. &gt;&gt; Lip lump. Oh, a Main Street collection. &gt;&gt; Lip lump. Oh, a Main Street collection. That's fun. That's fun. That's fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I like how like floppy this bag is. &gt;&gt; I like how like floppy this bag is. &gt;&gt; I like how like floppy this bag is. &gt;&gt; That's the like longch style. It's like &gt;&gt; That's the like longch style. It's like &gt;&gt; That's the like longch style. It's like that nylon. that nylon. that nylon. &gt;&gt; See, this is a better backpack than a &gt;&gt; See, this is a better backpack than a &gt;&gt; See, this is a better backpack than a Loungefly. Loungefly. Loungefly. &gt;&gt; You think? &gt;&gt; You think? &gt;&gt; You think? &gt;&gt; Like, yeah. I mean, &gt;&gt; Like, yeah. I mean, &gt;&gt; Like, yeah. I mean, &gt;&gt; it's like a real backpack. &gt;&gt; it's like a real backpack. &gt;&gt; it's like a real backpack. &gt;&gt; I don't like how stiff lounge flies are. &gt;&gt; I don't like how stiff lounge flies are. &gt;&gt; I don't like how stiff lounge flies are. How much is that one? How much is that one? How much is that one? &gt;&gt; I have business to do. This makes me &gt;&gt; I have business to do. This makes me &gt;&gt; I have business to do. This makes me feel like a business lady. feel like a business lady. feel like a business lady. &gt;&gt; 205 for this backpack. How much for &gt;&gt; 205 for this backpack. How much for &gt;&gt; 205 for this backpack. How much for this? This your business attire. this? This your business attire. this? This your business attire. &gt;&gt; Why am I picking those? &gt;&gt; Why am I picking those? &gt;&gt; Why am I picking those? &gt;&gt; You just got to look right here. You see &gt;&gt; You just got to look right here. You see &gt;&gt; You just got to look right here. You see where it says MSRP? 205. where it says MSRP? 205. where it says MSRP? 205. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah. It was hard to find. &gt;&gt; yeah. It was hard to find. &gt;&gt; yeah. It was hard to find. &gt;&gt; It was vintage W and poo. &gt;&gt; It was vintage W and poo. &gt;&gt; It was vintage W and poo. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Oh, limited edition &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Oh, limited edition &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Oh, limited edition of7500. $35. That's a weird. There's of7500. $35. That's a weird. There's of7500. $35. That's a weird. There's only 7,500 of these ever made. And only 7,500 of these ever made. And only 7,500 of these ever made. And they're only $35. And it's so soft. they're only $35. And it's so soft. they're only $35. And it's so soft. &gt;&gt; I love this. It says meet me at the &gt;&gt; I love this. It says meet me at the &gt;&gt; I love this. It says meet me at the castle, which I feel like this they kind castle, which I feel like this they kind castle, which I feel like this they kind of took from Etsy people. of took from Etsy people. of took from Etsy people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, yeah. This is nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, yeah. This is nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, yeah. This is nice. &gt;&gt; But I like this style. &gt;&gt; But I like this style. &gt;&gt; But I like this style. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 55 bucks. &gt;&gt; 55 bucks. &gt;&gt; 55 bucks. &gt;&gt; 100 Acre Honey Club. &gt;&gt; 100 Acre Honey Club. &gt;&gt; 100 Acre Honey Club. &gt;&gt; I imagine Oliver in this. &gt;&gt; I imagine Oliver in this. &gt;&gt; I imagine Oliver in this. &gt;&gt; Don't give your one-year-olds honey. &gt;&gt; Don't give your one-year-olds honey. &gt;&gt; Don't give your one-year-olds honey. Anybody ever one? [laughter] Anybody ever one? [laughter] Anybody ever one? [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; You want bachelism? That's &gt;&gt; You want bachelism? That's &gt;&gt; You want bachelism? That's &gt;&gt; Well, it only starts at two. Starts with &gt;&gt; Well, it only starts at two. Starts with &gt;&gt; Well, it only starts at two. Starts with two T. two T. two T. &gt;&gt; There you go. Okay. See, they knew. &gt;&gt; There you go. Okay. See, they knew. &gt;&gt; There you go. Okay. See, they knew. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They're I like these Tiger Crocs. $65 &gt;&gt; They're I like these Tiger Crocs. $65 &gt;&gt; They're I like these Tiger Crocs. $65 for a pair of tiger crocs. It's like an for a pair of tiger crocs. It's like an for a pair of tiger crocs. It's like an embroidered tiger jibbit. And then some embroidered tiger jibbit. And then some embroidered tiger jibbit. And then some Winnie the Pooh overalls. Winnie the Pooh overalls. Winnie the Pooh overalls. &gt;&gt; These are fun. &gt;&gt; These are fun. &gt;&gt; These are fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like them. &gt;&gt; Oh, I like &gt;&gt; Oh, I like &gt;&gt; Oh, I like &gt;&gt; any day spent with you is my favorite &gt;&gt; any day spent with you is my favorite &gt;&gt; any day spent with you is my favorite day. day. day. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; That's you, lady friend. Take your shoes &gt;&gt; That's you, lady friend. Take your shoes &gt;&gt; That's you, lady friend. Take your shoes off and walk on this and you'll be off and walk on this and you'll be off and walk on this and you'll be instantly transported to Alani. instantly transported to Alani. instantly transported to Alani. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's the reflexology. Good old &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's the reflexology. Good old &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's the reflexology. Good old double dangle. [laughter] double dangle. [laughter] double dangle. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is the Disney Animal Kingdom Safari &gt;&gt; This is the Disney Animal Kingdom Safari &gt;&gt; This is the Disney Animal Kingdom Safari Mickey double dangle charm. Mickey double dangle charm. Mickey double dangle charm. &gt;&gt; So, we just saw the one for Epcot. &gt;&gt; So, we just saw the one for Epcot. &gt;&gt; So, we just saw the one for Epcot. [music] It was Figment. It looked a [music] It was Figment. It looked a [music] It was Figment. It looked a little funky. And this one also looks a little funky. And this one also looks a little funky. And this one also looks a little funky. little funky. little funky. &gt;&gt; I feel like if I were Pandora, I would &gt;&gt; I feel like if I were Pandora, I would &gt;&gt; I feel like if I were Pandora, I would pick one that has a better inside of the pick one that has a better inside of the pick one that has a better inside of the charm there, like of the slider. charm there, like of the slider. charm there, like of the slider. &gt;&gt; I mean, they want to be realistic. They &gt;&gt; I mean, they want to be realistic. They &gt;&gt; I mean, they want to be realistic. They have some flaws, you know. have some flaws, you know. have some flaws, you know. &gt;&gt; That's true. I guess you're right. So, &gt;&gt; That's true. I guess you're right. So, &gt;&gt; That's true. I guess you're right. So, there you have. That was our trip out to there you have. That was our trip out to there you have. That was our trip out to Animal Kingdom. first park of the year Animal Kingdom. first park of the year Animal Kingdom. first park of the year and it was fantastic. I really enjoyed and it was fantastic. I really enjoyed and it was fantastic. I really enjoyed myself. I had a great time on the train. myself. I had a great time on the train. myself. I had a great time on the train. I like the food that we had. I like the food that we had. I like the food that we had. &gt;&gt; I like seeing the animals. We got to &gt;&gt; I like seeing the animals. We got to &gt;&gt; I like seeing the animals. We got to meet Doug and Russell. We did a lot. meet Doug and Russell. We did a lot. meet Doug and Russell. We did a lot. &gt;&gt; I had a lot of fun. I like just going to &gt;&gt; I had a lot of fun. I like just going to &gt;&gt; I had a lot of fun. I like just going to Animal Kingdom and just, you know, like Animal Kingdom and just, you know, like Animal Kingdom and just, you know, like being here. So, we did that. being here. So, we did that. being here. So, we did that. &gt;&gt; It's good. &gt;&gt; It's good. &gt;&gt; It's good. &gt;&gt; And uh I vow that it will not be our &gt;&gt; And uh I vow that it will not be our &gt;&gt; And uh I vow that it will not be our least visited park of 2026. least visited park of 2026. least visited park of 2026. &gt;&gt; Okay. Should we start a tally in one of &gt;&gt; Okay. Should we start a tally in one of &gt;&gt; Okay. Should we start a tally in one of our phones? We're like, "Okay, we went our phones? We're like, "Okay, we went our phones? We're like, "Okay, we went to Animal Kingdom. This was the [music] to Animal Kingdom. This was the [music] to Animal Kingdom. This was the [music] first one of the year." first one of the year." first one of the year." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Starting today. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Starting today. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Starting today. &gt;&gt; Starting today. Yep. &gt;&gt; Starting today. Yep. &gt;&gt; Starting today. Yep. &gt;&gt; There you go. It was a fantastic day. &gt;&gt; There you go. It was a fantastic day. &gt;&gt; There you go. It was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll With that being said, we are off. We'll With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time see you all tomorrow. And now it's time see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
