---
video_id: b9tD0CSYe1k
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney World ABC Challenge At Magic Kingdom! | Rides, Snacks & Fun Facts!"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9tD0CSYe1k
---
Good morning from Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom. We are here today for a challenge. The challenge is the ABC challenge. And the idea is we have to do something in Magic Kingdom for each letter of the alphabet. And so we have a few ground rules. Our ground rules are you can't like use uh mermaid for M. It has to be the full name of the attraction like undersea adventure with the Little Mermaid. >> Official names only, right? Yeah. >> Um, and that's that's pretty much it. That's the rule. >> Yeah. So, we got this idea from our friend Roy, whose channel I'll link down below. He did this video years ago, like probably a decade ago at this point. And I always thought it was such a cool idea and I thought one day we're going to do it. And today is that day. But if you want to check out his video and his channel, I'm going to link those down below. You should definitely watch it. It's very fun. And this is going to be our take on that challenge. >> So, let's go do it. But we need everybody's help. Take your hands and put them together. 1 2 1 2 3. >> So, another aspect about today is we did purchase the premier lightning lane pass and this is our first time ever doing that and it was $429 per person for today. that gets us one-time access to every available Lightning Lane attraction there is in the park. >> There's no need to book time, so you can just scan in when you arrive at the ride. And this pass is very limited, so you can purchase this 7 days in advance in the My Disney Experience app. It's also park specific. So, we bought this for the Magic Kingdom. We can only use it in Magic Kingdom today. >> So, although we paid $429 per person today, the price can vary. It could go up, it could go down. So, just keep that in mind if you're thinking about booking this experience. Now we begin. And our first letter is the letter A, of course. So, we're heading into Tomorrowland to go and ride Astroorbiters. >> So, Astro Orbiter does not have a Lightning Lane or multipass like line. So, this one we're going to wait for, >> right? >> But I couldn't really think of any other A's. Can you think of any other A's? >> Not right now. >> It was like the first thing that popped up in my mind. So, when you go in the app, it lists all of the attractions in alphabetical order, which makes this a little easier for us. However, it doesn't wait in the line for us. We still have to wait in the line. >> I got a little bit scared when we were walking this way because Astro Orbiter wasn't moving and I was like, "Oh, no." >> Oh, no. >> But it is moving now. >> So, we can do um attractions. We can have like for H, we could have a hot dog. You know, it's like anything that you can do in the Magic Kingdom. So, it doesn't have to be a ride. We can meet a character who starts with A. If Aladdin was meeting, we could meet him. >> Yeah. >> I don't know if he's meeting today. >> But we couldn't ride Aladdin's carpets because it's not called Aladdin's carpets. It's called the magic carpets of Aladdin. >> But I don't think we have to use the the >> right >> the doesn't count, >> right? Yeah. We're kind of making up our own rules. >> We're in charge. >> All right. Astro Orbiter starts with an A. 20-minute wait. Stitch is going over to his meet and greet. Look at the crowd of people following him. All right, we've made it up. Now we just wait here. Two to three Earthlings per rocket. Oh, what do we do if we're not an Earthling? >> Oh, yeah. Well, it depends on how big they are, I guess. >> We did We did one rocket for the two of us. Might have been a bad idea. We >> No, it's a great It's the best idea we've had all day. >> They said that the the the red seat belt goes around you like a great big hug. And all I can say is like, >> look at us. >> All right, we're doing it. All right. >> Or astro orbiting. >> I'm in charge. >> Hold on. There it goes. Oh my gosh. >> This Ryan is like kind of scary. >> She's holding like I got Ariel like Ariel's bra on now. >> Look at us. We got such good views of everything. >> We really do. >> Oh my gosh. I just saw Donald walking down um Tomorrowland. >> Yeah, he's walking. Look right. Do you see him? >> No. Oh yeah. There he goes. Donald and Daisy. >> Oh my goodness. >> I can't look out. I can't look out. I can't look out. >> See if I can do it again. You guys see them down there? There they are. Oh dear. Walking right down the middle out of Tron. What is it? Tomorrowland USA. We can go up higher. >> I don't want to go higher. >> I feel like you go faster at the bottom. Do they speed it up at the end? >> I don't know. >> You have to spot like spot Tron. >> Get the castle behind us. Do a big big hand. >> I'm like afraid. >> Oh, we're going down. Oh my goodness. Ah, we're getting squish squashed outwards. My goodness. Look at how fast we're going. Let me show forward cuz it feels like we're going. Ow, it's hurting my rib. Filming at all. Oh my goodness gracious. Oh, it hurt me so much. That >> was fun. Letter A. >> Check. >> One. >> Completed. >> 25 to go. >> I don't know how many letters in the alphabet. >> 26. >> 26. >> Yeah. >> All right. >> Right. >> I think so. >> I'm pretty sure. >> Uh, so we're headed to B and of course Bntormer. >> But is it called Goofy's Barntormer or something? No. No. I think it's called Barntormer. >> We'll check. The great goofy news barn. >> We should have looked at that earlier. We just looked and the official name of this attraction that we're headed to is the barntormer. >> Well, we said that the does not count. So, and this is the first attraction we're going to be using our premier lightning lane on. >> One of the neat things about the premier lightning lane is that it includes big rides like Seven Doors Mine Train or Tron. >> It's so exciting. >> We should do both today. >> Oh, yeah. I think we might. But we're definitely heading back to Storybook Circus to go and ride Barnstorm. The Barntormer featuring Goofy as the great Goofini. 20-minute wait. We're going through the lightning lane. >> So, right now, >> yeah, it's going to be probably 10:55 when we get in. Counting the seconds here. >> Yeah. Look at us. >> Hey, Jen. >> Yes. >> You know fun fact about Barntormer? >> I was just going to tell you a fun fact about Barntormer. Duration less than a minute, >> right? Yeah. >> Top speed 25 mph. >> Oo, a fast boy. >> Built by Vekoma. >> It also opened in 1996. >> Oh, >> so wait, it it's having an anniversary. >> Oh, yeah. >> 2026. >> Just like Pokémon. >> Wait, >> that's 30 years. >> Is it 30? >> Yeah. >> There you go. Look at that. >> What's the date? What's the date? >> I don't have a date. >> It was October 1st, 1996. >> So, coming up 30 years a Barntormer on October 1st. Look at that. >> I never noticed that out there in the queue over top of the queue the little like awning has Goofy's cutout on it, but they took the cutout and resoed it back in. I don't understand how they did it the wrong way, though. >> Well, it was probably Goofy that didn't. >> I know, but like the it wouldn't come out that way. >> Oh, I seriously said that. >> I'm confused. Maybe they just had leftover material. I think the theme of this video is going to be how many rides that Tim and Jen don't actually fit into. Can they ride >> together? >> Together. >> Cuz it's Yeah, we're we're squeezing in. We're squeezing. >> True. >> Orbiter, we were like, I don't know. >> It's a good thing we're married. >> Oh, >> we'll do. That's us. We got to hold on to it. >> Oh, that's bad. What the heck? >> Oh, bye. Thank you. >> Do we do arms up? >> Yeah, why not? This hands up. >> Oh my gosh. >> I have to come back here. >> Oh, it's a little It's a little >> roller coaster. >> Little scary >> little roller coaster. That's what it is. Just think 25 miles an hour. >> That's pretty fast. >> That's very slow. >> I couldn't run that fast. >> This is as fast as space. >> Oh my gosh. We I couldn't run I couldn't run 25 miles per hour. Oh, I have my hand out. >> Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I feel like I get >> We're going through the sign. >> We're going to go through a sign. Trying not to blow out J's face with my hand. >> That's the end of it. Under a minute. >> And we're back. >> And we are back. Which one's longer? Peter Pan or Barntormer? >> I think I think Barntormer is the shortest ride. >> Is it? >> I think so. I think somebody figured that out. >> Who? >> Um, somebody with more knowledge than me. >> Just got off Barntormer. We got we we covered F for forgetting your glasses on the ride. >> Ding day. >> So, there you have it. The letter B down. We're cranking them out. We've only been here for like 6 hours. No, I'm just kidding. We haven't been here for very long, but we've got through A and B. >> We're going to do uh B twice cuz we're going to go to the bathroom. >> Oh, >> look at that. >> Yeah, >> we're also doing these in order. Uh which also makes this challenge a little bit more challenging. >> It's true. >> So, we're on to C after our second beat. If we didn't have to do them in order, we could knock P off the list, too. >> What's that? >> Do you say T? >> P. >> Oh, >> next up, we're headed to the letter C. And we figured might as well do one of our favorite things while we're here that begins with the letter C, and that is get a cheeseburger spring roll. >> Well, it's pretty close to lunchtime, so it just makes sense. You know, >> when you're here, >> you got to do it. There goes Goofy. Goofy. >> Bye, Goofy. There's Goof. >> Hi, Goofy. >> We'll be back for Goofy for G, but he is meeting right outside of Storybook Circus. So, even though Goofy does start with G, and we will probably use that for our G, we're not doing them out of order. So, we're not waiting for Goofy now. We're on C. >> So, we're headed over to the cheeseburger spring roll cart >> and then we'll move on from there. I also want to mention that so we went into this with like a little bit of planning just to see if we could actually do it. And um we're having a hard time with V. So I've been asking every cast member like do you can you think of anything that starts with a V that we could do for the letter V? That's the only one that I don't have an answer for. So wait, let me see this menu if there's any V things on the menu. >> See V is hard cuz like Pinocchio Village House is not called village house. All right, we're making our way towards the castle and then we are turning the corner and heading towards Adventure Land. Look, here's what the castle's going to look like. It's painted the correct colors on the back here. Walking across the bridge to get in. Oh, there's a short line for the cheeseburger spring rolls. What if today's the day they change the menu? >> No, >> they're like too bad. >> We could find something else, but I don't want to. I want this. All right, I got my tea. taking my Tums before I eat the spring rolls >> cuz what I like top tip, tracker tip, bring them with you just in case because this food sometimes doesn't sit right. >> Here it is. Cheeseburger spring rolls. 950. We got our cheeseburger spring rolls and we are headed into Adventureland to find some shade cuz it is turning into a hot day. >> Oh my goodness, it's so hot compared to last week when it was pretty chilly. But also, we're headed this way because our next letter is D and our D item this way. We didn't actually find any shade, >> but we did get some cheeseburger spring rolls, and that's what's important. >> That's Yeah, that's all that matters. >> And we found a bumblebee. >> Look at that guy. And regular bees, too. Bumblebees and regular bees. >> What's the difference? >> One's big and bumbly. Oh. >> And the other one's small and speedy. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Like if you look behind you, there's two. There's a little one and a big one. That's a bumblebee and a regular bee. >> Oh, >> like a honey bee and a bumblebee. >> Fun facts about the spring rolls. Uh, delicious. >> So hot. >> Hot. >> They did go up in price. >> What's that? >> Yes. >> The first time we ever tried them, they were $7 and now they're nine. Over $9. M. >> So good. >> Yeah. >> Oh, it's trying to see your face. >> Oh, beautiful. Oh, no. You're moving around. >> Looks good. Looks good. >> I was so hungry. >> Yeah, >> this really hits the spot. >> Wow. All right. What do you think? I think this is delicious. >> Cheeseburger spring roll closeup. >> All right. So, for the letter, that was C. Cheeseburger spring rolls. D, another food item. A very popular one at that. A dole whip. >> What would you say if I asked you what you thought the most iconic Disney World snack or treat was? What would you say it was? >> Mickey premium bar. >> Mickey pretzel. >> I would Yeah, I would say Mickey pretzel. >> Turkey leg. >> Churo. Oh, turkey leg. Oh my gosh. >> Churo could work for C as well. >> That's true. Well, leave it in the comments. I want to know your answers. Leave it in the comments down below. What's What do you think the most iconic Disney World snack is? >> Dole. Aloha is a Dole Whip presented by Dole. >> The most delicious Dole Whip I have ever had was in Hawaii at the Dole Plantation. It tasted like magic. >> Oh, okay. >> Like this Dole Whip could never compete with that. It was Do you remember that? Yeah. >> It was amazing. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. >> Okay, here's our This is huge. >> I know. Dolip time. >> You want to know a fun fact about the Dole Whip? >> Mhm. >> It debuted at Walt Disney World at the Aloha Aisle in 1984. >> Oh. >> I was a mere one year old. >> I was two. >> Wow. So, this one has really stood the test of time. It's been around for over 40 years. >> Do you think that that makes this the most iconic snack because it's held its own? I don't know what the ver I'd have to see what the longest running snack was. So, I'm not sure. So, it's very hot today. This is definitely hitting the spot. >> That is huge. >> Yeah. >> Cheering size. >> Also, while we're eating this, I think we're sitting directly across from the scariest thing in Magic Kingdom here. >> My goodness. >> Do you think that's real? >> No, there's no way >> that looks real. >> Does look real, but I don't know if it is. >> What do you think? Is the soft serve or the float more iconic? >> I mean, they debuted with the soft serve. >> So, I wanted the float, but you wanted the soft serve. >> Yeah, because the float is more messy. >> What? >> How? >> Soon as you stick a straw in there, I don't know what about it is. It just as soon as it starts melting, it just starts overflowing. >> You drink it and then it goes down in the cup. >> I don't know what to tell you. Every time I've had one, they just always overflow. >> That sounds like a you problem. >> It is. That doesn't mean it didn't happen. >> That's true. D check. Now we're headed to E. We're going to go to the exit only sign at Enchanted Tiki Room. >> So on the sign, right, the main sign. >> No, it just says Enchanted Tiki Room. >> Right. But in the app, it says Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room. I'm going to go with the sign. >> I'm going with the sign, too. >> And say E for Enchanted Tiki Room. >> Yeah, I'm with you on this one. Ooh, that one says Walt Disney's, but this one just says Enchanted Tiki Room. I'm going with the larger of the two signs. We head inside. Fun fact, there are 225 audio animatronics in this show. >> And the one in Disneyland, the Enchanted TV room in Disneyland was the very first time that the Walt Disney Company introduced audio animatronics. And it was also the first attraction at Disneyland with air conditioning. >> Yeah. What do you think the first one at Disney World was? >> All of them. >> Oh, yeah. >> I think it just started with air conditioning. My siestas are getting shorter and >> shorter. Twet tweet twet tweet. >> SOMEBODY HAS STOLEN MY TONGUE. I THINK someone has left the shower running. >> And 12 minutes later, we have officially been enchanted by the tiki. >> It really was it's it's a nice way to break up your your day. Get some AC, get to sit down, listen to the music. Highly recommend. >> So, that was E. Now, we're headed to F right over here. not far away. And that is F. Jen's going to get her face painted. What do you think she should do? >> Let me see. You guys having a good day so far? >> We are. What do you think your favorite part about it is? >> Honestly, it's like the most fun job I've ever had. Yeah, I love that. I love all the little towns. >> Water colors. >> Oh, okay. Yeah. Turn your head a little towards me. >> Whoa. >> And do you want any pixie dust? >> I missed it. Do it again. >> There you are, my love. Whoa. Oh, >> look beautiful. >> Oh my gosh, look at all that pixie dust in my hair. I hope my wish comes true, >> right? Let me see the top of your head. Oh my goodness gracious. >> Yeah, it's a hair washing day. >> Look at you. >> Sorry, I'm getting some secret behind the scenes tips. >> What are they? >> She said the smallest hidden Mickey. >> Oh, it's so tiny. So, while we were just doing that last clip, there was a um somebody who was training like the ears when they were learning their ears, and she said that this is the smallest hidden Mickey, and it's right here embedded into the concrete. There it is. >> Wow. It's so tiny. >> It's so tiny. So, was this the best $28 I've ever spent? I think so. >> Yeah. So, now that we're done with F, we're going to head towards G, which is Goofy. But that's We got to go all the way across the park going back over to Storybook. But if Goofy if we don't if we can't meet Goofy, let's say the line's too long or he's not meeting anymore, we can always go to Gastons. >> That's true. Gaston's Tavern. >> Wow, look at the haunted mansion. It's picture perfect. >> Oh my gosh, what are they doing to it? >> Full exterior refurbishment. >> Oh, they are. >> Yeah. Look at how wild that looks. Like passing by the places that we already passed by. The castle, Liberty Tree, all of them. >> So, today's going to be a lot of us walking back and forth. And that's part of the challenge, baby. >> Oh, yeah. >> Walking, you know. >> Should have put on our leg weights. >> Getting our steps in. I don't need any leg weights. Mine are weighted enough. >> All right, now we are making our way back toward Goofy. Back in Storybook Circus. >> We had a little bit of a walk back there, but that's okay. We got to get our stuffs in. We had a We had a cheeseburger egg roll. >> Oh, yeah. And a do. We've made it back over to Goofy's line. Fun fact about Goofy. >> Tell me. >> Birthday. >> When's his birthday? >> May 25th. >> May 25th. Okay. He's a summer baby. >> 1932. >> Wow. He looks good for his age. >> Yeah. >> He's He's not aged a day. Here's the thing that confused me a little bit. When I look up on Wikipedia facts about Goofy says that his full name is GG Goofy Goof. >> Let's go get on Ariel. >> What's the Gigi? >> I don't know. >> Great gentleman. >> Great goofini. >> Goofy. >> Let me ask you this. >> Cuz Goofy is a short. >> He's a dog, correct? >> Yeah. >> Oh. Oh, there he is. >> That's a dog right there. >> If it's seven years every year >> Oh my goodness. You're doing dog age math? Well, he's a dog. >> That's true. >> And he was born in 193 what? >> 1932. >> Let me do the math here. You know, I'm good at math. >> Yeah, I want the calculator. >> Don't like to be called out like that. >> Oh, sorry. >> Okay, so what is it? 226US >> 1932 94. But May hasn't happened yet, so he's 93. >> So he's 93 * 7. >> Oh my goodness. >> 651 years old. >> That's an old dog. >> Wow. >> We can teach him a new trick. Claus. Remember Santa told us that he was like 600 years old? >> I think he's older than 600 years old. >> It's Goofy. >> Hi, Minnie. >> Hi. >> Yeah, he likes your face paint. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm glittery just like you. Hi, Minnie. >> Thank you. >> Hi, Goofy. >> I know Minnie should get some face painted. Could you imagine? They'd be twins. they wouldn't be able to tell us apart. So, I I wanted to tell you, Goofy, I have something special to tell you. So, today we're doing a challenge, an ABC challenge, and we're have to do something for every letter of the alphabet. Guess who G is? >> It's you. You're our G. Yeah. >> Look at that. >> So, we waited in line to meet you and then I think we're going to come back and see you later for M because we're trying to do it in order. So, yeah. So, we don't want to cheat, but we we get to like meet you beforehand, which is nice. >> Yay. Okay. Well, thank you for being our G. >> A. >> Now we're headed on to H >> and we're going to need to get inside. So, >> it's an indoor ride. >> We're headed to Haunted Mansion. >> Perfect. The perfect indoor ride for H. Hey, look kids. The castle. This feels really much like we're doing the Halo Kids Big Ben thing. We keep passing by the castle. We're headed to Haunted Mansion. Passing by Small World and Rapunzel's bathrooms. But I wanted to show you guys this because this kind of gives you an idea of the crowd level today. It's not too busy, but it's not not busy. All right, standby. 35 minutes. We're going through the lightning lane. >> There's a better look at the scrim around Haunted Mansion right now. >> Oh, did you hear it? Listen to the noise. >> Ooh, >> it goes wayoo. >> That's exciting. So, it's about 1:36 right now and uh we'll see. It said it was a 35minute wait for standby, but we are headed in fast path. Lightning lane. Lightning Lane. Get it right. >> Sorry. Oh, there he is. Look at him. >> It's kind of fun. I thought for sure we were gonna head right on because the doors were open. We were very close, but we didn't quite make it in. >> That's okay, though. Still only 138. >> I think it's going to open up pretty quick. >> You're like 5 miles away. Probably 139. I don't know what counts. >> And uh >> she goes, "It's so dark." And the the Haunted Mansion host said, "You don't want to see this place with the lights on. What do you think it looks like? >> Spooky. >> Probably real dirty. Let me ask you guys this. When does the wait time end? Is it when you get into the stretching room or is it when you're on the ride? >> Oh, sorry. I said stretching room. I shouldn't have said it. My fault. Sorry. We asked the ride attendant and they said that it is as soon as you step into the mansion, your wait time has ended. So, we really just waited like 4 minutes. This chamber has no windows and no door. >> Another door. >> Stay together. >> This is a is a a stretching rule of wise. We have another challenge today. What >> a chilling challenge. >> What is it? >> Find a way out. >> I'm going to get in a doom buggy and try to head out that way. >> Oh, about 1:46. We're heading on to the doom buggy. Forgot to look up fun facts about the Haunted Mansion. Did you look any up? Um, there's 999 happy hunts, but they're always looking for one more. >> There he is. >> Does he have a name other than Hatbox goes like Harold? >> So, I was reading that there is a hidden Mickey on the dining room table in the ballroom scene. So, let's take a peek while we're in the while we're over there. See if we can find it. And then also you'll see ravens with red eyes throughout the ride because originally that was going to be the eyes. >> It's not very well lit, but right behind Madam Leota's ball here on the chair is the raven. >> They're like little animatronics that open and close their beaks and move their heads. >> All right, let's go. Let's see if we can find this little Mickey. >> It's on the table. >> It's so far away. >> Yeah, it's kind of hard to see. >> Is it the plate? Is it a plate? >> It's plates. Yeah, >> plates. Can you see it? >> Um, >> no. It's so dark down there. >> Dang. I think it's on the end of the table. >> That makes sense to me. >> I don't know. I could be wrong. >> Have interrupted our Please remain seated in your doom. >> Last time it stopped, all I had to do is start playing Pokémon and they started moving again. >> Wealth in sickness and in wealth. Oh man. Diabolical. Here's another fun fact. Right here as we're turning back towards the house. This is us falling out of the window. And there's that crow again. Oh, so you can see the window's broken right there and we fell out of it. And now we are becoming one of the 999 Happy Haunts. You know which Happy Haunt I choose? Ghosts on the bike. >> Well, I like the guys on the seesaw. >> Oh yeah, those are pretty good, too. Also, the solution to a riddle that happens in the queue is right there on that picture. Uhoh, get me. Oh, the lantern. What is it? Oh, he's up there. Look at Oh, our faces are gone. Oh my goodness. Oh, we're going again. Get out of here, tiny ghost. >> You go ahead. Go home. But seriously, who names their snake Eric with H officially checked off of our list. Now we're headed to I. We're going to be riding It's a Small World. Quick little jaunt right over to It's a Small World. All right, for I It's a Small World. 20-minute wait, we're going to the Lightning Lane. Let's see here. Oh, wait. Let me get you doing it. >> Oh, I did it. I did it. >> It's small, though. It feels good in here. >> Oh, man. >> I cannot wait to be on the happiest cruise that ever sailed. >> I think this is the second happiest cruise that I've ever sailed. >> What's the first? >> I think it would be a cruise to Lighthouse Point at Lookout Key. >> Oh, yeah. >> For just my my opinion. >> That's just my opinion. This line's alone for Lightning Lane. I hope they're just dumping us right into a boat. >> We'll see. We'll let you know. So, right now it's >> 2:13 and we're moving. There's a baby asleep in front of us, so we're going to be quiet on this ride. So, It's a Small World was opened in 1971 and featuring over 300 audio animatronic dolls designed by Mary Blair. And all of the costumes of the dolls are authentically styled using traditional fabric. So, here's a fun fact that I read online that I don't know that I 100% believe. It said that because their hair is made of yarn, the humidity stretches it out and they require haircuts. I don't believe that at all because I think that it probably maybe happened once, but that's it. It would dry like if the humidity went away, they would dry out and shrink back up again, right? I got a fun fact about giraffes. When they're born, they fall 6 feet to the ground. So, like I realize that motors and things like this have to be replaced, but like do they ever have to replace these tambourines? They're making noise. I like this because you get to see like how things are spelled as far as saying goodbye in other languages. Oh, we got to go to the dentist quick. >> So, that was I. Uh, and now originally for J, we had Jungle Cruise, but >> I'm kind of hungry. Yeah, I'm a little hungry. So, we looked for a J snack. There's a few. I think the J snack that I'm most excited for are the jalapeno poppers. >> We're going the wrong way for that. >> Oh, are we? What were you going to >> jumbo pretzel? >> Oh, we can get That's fine. We'll get a pretzel. >> Okay, >> that's what we're going to do. We're going to do a jumbo pretzel. >> But if we pass by the jalapeno poppers, I might just get them anyway. That was my only wish when she pixie dusted me. That was my wish. >> Oh, it's for jalapeno poppers. >> Yeah. And it's not going to come true. >> Those are over at Westward Ho. We can maybe get them again later. >> Okay. >> If we're over there for pee for Pirates of the Caribbean, maybe. >> M. Okay. >> You know. >> All right. So, we're headed over back by Mermaid for Prince Eric's snack cart over there. And I saw on the app that there is a jumbo pretzel on the >> Is it a Joffre? It's not a Joffre card, is it? >> No, but we could have gone to another. Yeah, that could be another coffee. >> If we do this again, we've got some backups. >> Oh, it's true. Always have backups. >> Hi. Can I have the jumbo pretzel, please? >> With cheese or without? >> With cheese, please. >> Anything else? >> You want anything else? >> No, it's good. That is a jumbo pretzel if I've ever seen one. Like you can't get much more jumbo than that. >> It's definitely J for jumbo. >> Yeah. And Jen. Jen's jumbo pretzel. >> I feel like I'm on Sesame Street or something. >> Oh yeah. >> Okay. Let me have a bite. I'm so hungry. >> Yeah. And this was a good >> cheese. >> Oh yeah. Dip it in some cheese. >> But it's got some spices or something in it. It's like different cheese. >> Oh, is it jalapeno cheese? Another Jay. >> I don't think it is. But it does have a little more flavor. >> Little more pizzazz. So good. >> Really hit the spot. >> Nice. >> So, we just ate our jumbo pretzel. And when we were looking around, who do we see? King Triton. Our next letter is K. K for King Triton. But we actually had a better K or what we thought was a more interesting K word. So, but if you're doing this and you want to do King Triton, you can use him as the K right here. Or you could use King Triton's abs just like make it a little bit more or this bird eating a turkey. >> Oh no, I can't say. We have seen so many people with turkey legs today. I've never seen this many turkey legs. Like people actually buying turkey legs in my life >> and eating them. >> Yes. Like so every like every person at this thing was buying a turkey leg except for us, >> right? >> Wild stuff. So we're headed over to see our our thing that we're going to use for the letter K. And now we're always thinking ahead to the next letter, right? So, the next letter is >> L. >> L. Wait, was it L? No, I'm thinking of N. >> Yeah, >> we have L. So, I was thinking ahead for N because N was like a hard one. We couldn't figure out N. >> And we found a couple of food items. >> Yeah. >> But one, we have to kind of be creative with it. >> Non-traditional food items. You know, it's it's like a traditional food item, but the name is a little bit like >> we might be flubbing this a little bit, >> but I hope that you guys can bear with us and just like, >> you know, this is all in fun. >> Who's in charge of the rules? >> We are. >> Me. >> I say it it's fine. >> So, we're up to the letter K. And I'm sure you have probably walked past this feature a million times and probably never even looked twice. But today, we're going to look once. >> Oh, yeah. >> At the Cougal Ball. Come on. >> The Cougal Ball. The Kougal Fountain. >> The Kougal Fountain. >> That's what this is. It's a giant granite ball. >> So, you might be wondering how I'm moving this 13,000 lb ball made of >> solid granite. >> Solid granite. Well, there's a highressured water fountain underneath >> being supported by a thin layer of water. >> Science. >> I know, right? It's called a cougal. >> How am I moving it scientifically? >> An African elephant weighs between 8,800 lb and 15,000 lb. Oh, so I'm like I'm like rolling an elephant. >> Rolling an elephant. >> Wow. >> The ball is actually a map of the universe complete with a you are here gold star. >> Oh, where? >> I don't know. We got to find it. >> There's the star right there. I think it used to be gold, >> but now it's just a star. >> There it is. >> We did it. >> I feel accomplished. >> I know. It's the most I've ever pushed. >> You did great. You got your workout in for the day tomorrow. >> So, there it is. That was K. Now we're heading on to L. >> So, we were thinking we would be because we're using Lightning Lane. So, we thought we could say Lightning Lane is one of the uh one of the letters, but I think that might be a little bit of a copout. So, we did find something that starts with L. Let's go head to it now. >> Ooh, we may have run into a roadblock literally with the parade coming down the street. Does it happen at 3:00 or 3:30? >> Oh, wait. What letter are we on? >> We're on >> the parade. Oh my goodness. We could see a lot of people in that parade. Mickey for M. >> Oh, that's true. >> The parade could be P. >> That's good. Maybe we'll watch the parade. >> If we're playing by our rules, we would have to do Festival of Fantasy Parade. It have to be F. >> If we're playing by our silly rules, who who came up with these rules? >> You did. I got the spring roll card. But we're heading this way across this bridge. Ooh, a bumblebee. >> That was wild. So, this is our L right here. the replica of the Liberty Bell. And that replica is actually was actually cast in France using the original mold from the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia. >> Oo. >> So, a little fun fact about that. As we're moving around throughout the rest of the day, we will show you guys the plaque that's out in front, but right now we're blocked by the parade. >> So, we're going to move on. >> We technically did see the bell. >> We did. >> We saw the Liberty Bell, so it still counts. >> So, we're going to move on to >> M L M >> M. >> Let's go. So, for the letter M, we had originally planned to go do Mad Tea Party or Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, but we can't get to those right now because the parade's in the way. >> So, sometimes in life, you have to pivot. You have to change your plans, right? >> Today's one of those days. >> When you drop your fajitas, you got to cook something else. So, we are headed to the magic carpets of Aladdin. >> Let's do it. I don't know the last time I've ridden that ride. So, this is a good a good change. >> Yeah. Hopefully the camel doesn't spit on us. >> I'm I'll take it. I'm hot. But don't spit on my face. >> Oh, yeah. >> But if he if they did happen to spit on my face and ruin my face paint, you get free touch-ups all day long. >> It's true. >> Yeah. The same day of your face painting, you get free touch-ups. You just have to hold on to your receipt. So, there you go. >> So, like we said, we're not counting the word the. We're counting magic. Magic carpets of Aladdin. We go. Heading in through the lightning lane. No worries. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> I didn't see what it's 319 now. I didn't see what the wait time was. Did you see what the wait time was? >> No, I didn't. >> No, I'll look in the app. >> Where's the regular line? >> Oh, it's right there. So, we didn't really save any time using Lightning Lanes on this one because just a 5minute wait. That's going to be us in just a second. >> Okay. You want to go in the front? >> Are we both going to be in the front? >> Um, you you can be in the front >> and you'll be in the back. >> Sure. >> Oh, I like this. >> Oh, cuz one one wiggles it up and like backwards and forward space on this one. So, you're going to go up and down and then I wiggle it like this. >> Yeah. So, >> I just got to avoid that camel. Look, he's dripping. His like jers are dripping. >> Oh, that one. Oh my gosh. Okay. >> And with a little help from the magic lamp, we're off to Agriba. >> Question. >> What >> he just said? With a little help from the magic lamp, we're off to Agriba. >> Yeah. >> Does the carpet need magic from the lamp? I thought the carpet was just magic. >> Well, the carpet came from the lamp. So, I don't know. >> Okay. >> Remember, he found the carpet inside of the lamp or inside of the cave of wonders. >> Inside the cave of wonders. camera, >> right? >> I don't know. >> Just magic. >> Don't think about it too much. Whoa. >> I like the Oh, >> are we wiggling? >> Are we going up? Let's go up. Up. Up. >> Hold on. I'm trying to wiggle us. >> We are wiggling. We're going. Are we? >> Yeah. Yeah. This is all right. So, we got to wiggling enough. >> I think I'm good up here. The camel can't get me up high. Right. >> Are you sure? I do. You feel a wiggle? >> No. >> My carpet doesn't jiggle jiggle. >> Oh, but this is the light though, right? I It feels wonderful, honestly. >> Great. >> I think it's gonna get us on the way down. >> Oh, I don't like that. Oh. Oh, no. >> Our wiggler's broken. >> We didn't get sprayed by the camel. We stop. Jeez Louise. What the heck? >> Almost got us. >> Spoke too soon. There it was. The letter M. Down. Now we're heading to N. >> N. So, this is the one that we had to get a little creative with because the only thing that we could find in the whole park was non-fat Greek yogurt. And we thought, what if we found something a little more exciting? >> Let's see. Do they have them here? >> We'll see. >> Yes. >> Yes. Okay. So, this technically doesn't start with an N technically, but it does at the same time. You'll see when we get it. Okay. Are you ready to see what N is? >> Nuts. >> I think it I think it works. >> Counts. >> It does count. >> Counts. >> And I really want to eat them. So, >> there it So, we had the choice between almonds or pecans. They're cinnamon glazed nuts. And uh let's try one. >> I don't think I've ever had these. Not here, at least. >> Yeah. >> Those are so hard. >> Oh, pretty good. >> Oh, good. >> They're buttery. They're sugary. >> They're not super cinnamony. They're good. >> Nice. >> I thought they'd be hot for some reason. >> They're at some point they were. >> Okay. >> All right. We were just doing a little bit of research as we were passing by Jungle Cruise. >> If you're here doing a challenge, talk to the cast members. They're so much fun. >> Yeah. >> And they have so much good information. And we found one of the things we were looking for. So, first we're going to go Do we have to do O? >> So, first we're going to go over to see what what our O thing is, >> right? >> And then P and then Q >> cuz that's how the alphabet works. >> You did alphabetic order. I feel like we're like cranking through these last few ones. >> I know my ABC's. Oh, I know my calculus. >> No, I was going to say, won't you sing along with me? >> Oh, yeah. I was just going to say >> when I sing it with the kids, I say, won't you sing with your mommy? >> Oh, that's good. >> Yeah, >> I like it. And there it is. R O sunshine. Orange bird. The orange bird. Fun fact about the orange bird. The orange bird cannot make any noise. The orange bird doesn't tweet. The orange bird doesn't talk. The orange bird can draw pictures above his head in a cloud of orange and that is how the orange bird communicates. >> Well, we learned this through the kids little golden book. >> It was such It's such a weird book. >> It It's really like out there. It's very like surrealist >> little golden book. But there you go. There he is. >> So, at this point, we're doing a little bit of back and forth now. So, that was O. We're headed to do pee. And what's the biggest pee ride here? Pirates of the car. >> Pirates bathroom right here. >> Oh my goodness gracious. It's the Pirates of the Caribbean. >> We're going to ride Pirates of the Caribbean. >> What's another pee thing? I feel like that's kind of the most well-known. Sorry. >> That's true. >> Oh, Prince Charming's carousel. >> Prince Charming's Royal Carousel. That's true. >> I feel like I had three things for Pete. Popcorn. You can get some popcorn. >> Oh, you could get popcorn. >> Yeah, but we're doing Pirates of the Caribbean. >> Yeah, we haven't been. So, a while back in an in a a blog a while back, I said, "What's the the ride you think Tim rides the most?" >> And in my answer was Pirates because I've edited Pirates the most. So, to me, that's the ride that you rode the most. But every Nobody said that. >> Nobody else. >> When I asked you guys in the comments, nobody had that as their answer. >> What was the most most answered? >> I have to go back to that video. I can't I can't remember. Tell me in this video what you think his most ridden rides. >> Oh, it's going to save us some time on this one. Going through Lightning Lane. A 40minute wait getting in line at 3:54. 4:00 right now pretty much. We'll say >> yeah. 354. Okay. I thought we were getting into this. >> I did, too. >> Oh, man. That scared me so much. >> Why do they have these fans pointed at the people in line? >> This is Pirates, baby. >> 404. >> We're about to get on the ride, >> right? Precisely. 8. No, it's 9 10 minutes. I don't know. Somewhere around >> shorter than the regular ride. Run up your white man, you slurry. >> Oh my gosh. >> Wait, is there a reward for telling them where Jack Sparrow is? Cuz he's right there. Shout out to this absolute unit of a man carrying a grandfather clock on his back. Here's my question. In the last scene, they were selling chickens, right? There are so many chickens around right here. Just come and get a chicken. You don't need to buy one. Yeah. See, there you do get a little wet. It's not from the drop. It's from those cannonball blasts. All right. That was our uh what was it? P. Pirates of the Caribbean. Now, we're headed for Q. >> So, we found Q earlier, but we're coming back for it cuz we're doing these in order. >> One of the more difficult things to find >> this one. So, we had kind of a like it could work type of answer which would have been Q like Q U E U E like the Q line because technically that is we were a bunch of one today. >> It does start with Q. Um, but we thought let's find something a little more interesting and we found one with the help of the Jungle Cruise skippers over at the Jungle Cruise. So, we want to show it to you. It's it's very out there. It's a fun one. 65minute wait for Jungle Cruise. But good news is we're not going to go ride the Jungle Cruise. We're going over here to this box over here. And this is what we were looking for. Quicksand. A box full of quicksand. >> So our cue is this box of quicksand. Quicksand in a box. >> Perfect. >> I mean I think that's amazing. >> Right. >> Like that's that's pretty much Nobody was going to get that. >> Right. >> Right. >> Right. >> Yeah. Okay. So, this is our best one today. >> Yeah. So, >> that was our cube. >> I was really proud of that one. I thought that was so good. And uh I'm I I just think this is one of the most fun things about this challenge is having to get so creative. >> Yeah. >> And having to really look at the small details and find things that we wouldn't normally see and do things we wouldn't normally do. >> Yeah. Right now, we're going to go do something that we do normally do because it's the letter R. So, right now we're in Adventure Land and we're turning towards Frontier Land. So, as we're headed to our our choice, we are going to pass back by the Liberty Bell. So, we'll stop here and give you guys a view of the bell from the front as well as the plaque. Since the dawn of our great republic, the Liberty Bell has been an enduring symbol of American independence and freedom. This replication was truly cast for Liberty Square using the same mold from whence the original original bell was sprung. >> That was a tongue twister. >> That was a little bit hard to say. A lot of weird stuff in that the phrasing. >> Yeah, there it is. >> So, we're here with the Liberty Bell and the Liberty Tree. Both L words, which you saw earlier in the L section, but there's the plaque. >> The Liberty Tree has 13 lanterns in it for the 13 original columns. >> You know, something that I learned from Adam Hatton's video was that if you look, some of the shutters, they had taken they're they're held on with like leather straps because they had taken the metal out to make ammunition for the war. >> Yeah. So you'll see the leather straps. That's why they look kind of like saggy. >> Mhm. >> That was something I learned from Adam Hatton. >> Pretty neat. >> Shout out to him. >> Also for L, we could have gotten this Liberty Square creepy doll. >> There's a reason that this doll is here and I can't remember what it is. >> I don't know. >> Do you remember? Was it to show that there were kids in the home? >> Maybe. >> I don't think that's it. Is that it? >> I don't know. I only know the numbers. So, the numbers of the houses represent the year that this style was popular, >> which is why they all look a little different. >> Yeah. So, I think that the leather straps, we'd have to figure out when the war was. >> I think they're back over there somewhere. >> Yeah. So, cuz these are not leather right there. So, it said that a doll in the window signifies to firefighters that a child lived in the home. >> Yeah. So, I was right. >> Yeah. >> High five. I know stuff. >> All right. Back over by the Haunted Mansion, but that's not where we're headed to. We're going just we're going just a little bit past the Haunted Mansion. We're over here at Rapunzel's bathrooms, which is what we're going to call them. >> Fun fact, >> when we when I looked this up earlier, I swear they were called Rapunzel. I know people call them the Tangled bathrooms, but I swear that I saw something saying the Rapunzel bathrooms, but then when we looked it up, they're called restrooms near It's a Small World. That's what it's called in the app in the My Magic My Disney M. What is it called? >> My Disney Experience. >> The app. Um, so I guess we're just going to say R is for restroom, but I think it's going to be for Rapunzel restrooms. >> Yeah. This is Rapunzel's tower right there. >> Yeah. >> And these are the bathrooms near it. >> I mean, they're all they're themed to Rapunzel, >> right? >> To Tangled, really. But >> So, does that count? I think it's going to count. >> It counts because we're going to the bathroom under Rapunzel's tower. >> That's right. That's the best place to pee. But this is the first time that I think I've noticed that they have the flowers like the flowers that gave Rapunzel her power. I wonder did it have a name, do you think? >> It did have a name and a song. >> Oh, yeah. >> The gleam and glow. Bring back what once was mine. >> Yeah, >> that whole thing. >> Yeah. >> Am I young again? >> You are. >> All right. So, we already found our V for the challenge. But look, >> Vladimir, this would be a second a good second contender for V right here. He's uh the scourge of the seven continents. A prestigious collection of tiny ceramic unicorns on display in the daffodil gallery at the lavender tea room. >> Perfect. >> Tea and finger sandwiches will be served. >> I I'd go there. >> I would too. >> Let's go meet Let's go find Vladimir. >> Okay. >> I want to see these unicorns. >> All right, here comes the fun. For the next few letters, we've got some big hitters, right? So, we're going to S right now. Seven dwarfs mine train >> because we did the premium lightning lane. That's included in our in our Lightning Lane today. So, >> woohoo. Very exciting. >> It's a good time. >> I'd love to do this challenge again where you can't ride any rides. >> You ha you have to rely on like other things. >> I like it. >> Yeah. What do you think? Should we try it again? Let Let us know in the comments >> right there. >> Maybe in a different park. >> There it is. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. >> It's only a 65minute wait. >> Only a 65minute wait. >> I mean, we don't have to wait in that line, but that's not really that bad of a line. >> So, right now it's 4:49. And we're about to get in line right now. >> Thank you. We did it. >> I'm so excited. So, Seven Doors. I remember when Seven Doors opened. It was a very exciting time. >> So, this opened in 2014. >> So, this is a familyfriendly swaying coaster. It has a top speed of 34 mph. It features repurposed animatronics from the old Snow White ride. >> And we're getting on at 455 now. It was like about a 10-minute wait. It was very fast. Very fast. Wa. >> We're going. It's happening. Holy macaroni. >> Oh my goodness. Oh jeez. We got the back row, too. By the way, the best row on seven, right? >> Hidden odds carved into a beam somewhere. >> Where's Where are the beams? Is that one of these beams? >> Like this >> up there somewhere? Do you see it somewhere? She >> is your face. >> Oh my gosh. Like photo. >> There's that rocking motion that we were talking about. >> Oh yeah, you can actually make it even more rocky. >> I don't think so. >> Hidden Mickey right there. We did it. >> Oh, we can do it. My hands up. It's >> so bright all of a sudden. I'M NOT GOING TO DO my hands. Wee. Oh man, I can't see anything. Oh, it's Oh, we're doing great. Oh my gosh. Oh. Oh, Backro is the best on this roller coaster, by the way. >> Oh my gosh. So, we were talking about the repurposed animatronics, and I think that's probably the ones inside of this cabin here. >> This I think this point will show you the difference between front row, see how slow they're going, and then back row really wins. >> Oh, there she is. Real quick, I just wanted to point out we got in line at 449 and it's 501 right now. >> We're off the ride. >> That was a That was so quick. >> That is fast. Our tea could be Tigger, >> but it's not. >> Hi, Tigger. >> It's something different. >> It's so neon. I can't believe he's Oh, yeah. We were going to use Tiger for tea, but when we do our video where we can't ride any rides, we'll that's what we'll do for tea. So, as we head into Tomorrowland, I'm sure some of you may have picked out what we're going to do. It's the Tomorrow. No, it's Tron. We're doing Tron. >> So, because we have this premium lightning lane, we're going to use it, right? So, if we didn't have it, >> I would totally do the Tomorrowland Speedway because I love it. I never want it to go away. I know a lot of people want this to be bulldozed over and put something. A lot of people don't want it to be here. >> Oh my goodness. >> I, however, I love it. Our kids love it. I never want it to leave. I'd like for them to try change to electric, but other than that, keep it. >> I I feel like it just wouldn't be the same if they were electric cars. >> We'll find out. They're converting the ones in Disneyland. Passing by Space Mountain now. >> What's the Joffre Revive? >> That's just a Joffrey's coffee stand. >> It's like with a fun name. >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. >> So, we're headed down to Tron this direction. >> Fun fact about these palm trees in Tomorrowland. >> These are used to collect in in the story line, not in real life. In the story, they're like solar panels. The leaves collect sunlight and they store them in the little coconuts there. And you can see when they take the coconuts down to use them, then the leaves curl up until they put new coconuts on, then the leaves will extend so they can soak up energy from the sun and fill up the coconuts again and then power tomorrow land. >> Isn't that a fun like little fake backstory? Yeah. >> So the every land has like a story like the back Yeah. I guess the backstory, the theming of each land. And I always thought that was like a really fun touch. And that story line made more sense when this wasn't the Tomorrowland launch depot. It was Tomorrowland Light and Tower, which was the previous name of this gift shop at the end of Space Mountain. Now it's called this Marland Launch Depot. And it doesn't quite make sense, but you can see the hands on the clock are lightning bolts. There it is. You can see the T in Tron right there. That's it. So when Tron Aries was in the theaters, they had changed the soundtrack uh for the actual on-ride portion to be a 9-in nail song. >> And the colors, it was more like the red coloring like in the movie, but I don't I think that's changed back. >> Team blue. That's me. Favorite color is blue. And I'm on team blue. >> What are the other colors? >> Uh red. >> Are the red the bad guys? >> Yeah. >> I've never seen Tron. I I really don't know what's happening. >> Yeah, red is the bad guys. >> Okay. I got to watch the movie. >> Yeah. You're going to be a computer program. >> Am I like AI? Is this like AI? >> No, you're a computer program. There's a difference. >> Oh, okay. >> I don't know what the difference is. Some test seats out here for you to check the restraints cuz there's a unique restraint system on this ride. Oo. Even the line for Lightning Lane is a little bit long here. So, we are officially in line at 5:15. >> How are you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. >> Thank you. >> Oh, that line kind of went a little quick. >> Oh, good. So, this is one of the rides that we can't bring the camera on to, right? >> So, uh it'll be uh you have to use your imagination a bit. >> Imagination. >> That's us. We're team blue. >> You should be ready for high blood pressure. Are you in fact more than >> We didn't even see the show. They didn't do the LED or LCD panel that makes it so you can see the car or the train. So, they split us into two lines, odd numbers and even numbers. And I think the even numbers will move quicker because the cars are set up into roads of two. >> Oh, Abrahammer. >> The yellow table. >> All right. So, we're on the phone. Just remember the number 263. That's where our bag is. >> Help us remember. >> There's It's 521 now. So, we're like we're going through the line fairly quick. >> Here it comes. And when we when we do the launch >> wind turbine is cylinder head and then a crankshaft. >> Just remember on the ride, we'll show you our picture in our gallery. >> Oh yeah. >> Show you on the ride. All right, we Where were they? There they are. All right, we just got off Tron 539. Now we're kind of like popping through these last ones. That was T. Now we're head to you. >> That was so fun, though. I forgot like how fun the ride really is. It's very short, but it's a good one. >> We didn't give you any fun facts about Toronto. >> Oh, the launch is from zero to nearly 60 mph. 59.3 miles per hour. Strange number. I don't know why it doesn't hit 60. Why they didn't give it that extra uh to hit 60. Maybe it's some sort of safety regulation. Can't go over 60. >> I'm sure there's some reason behind it. >> So from T we head to Uda Adventure with a little mermaid. So we are going to go down a little secret path over here. This way. >> Yeah. Cuz I think this might be the easiest way to get there. And that is going underneath the ramp that leads up to Tron. So, we're headed down here underneath. I like this little walkway. You can't get there, but it's cool. That's like a for cast members. >> Oh, I like that. Also, when we were walking back there, I saw some little kids that had bubble like bubble wands, and they were pointing them in their ears. >> Oh, it's perfect. Got to get those ears clean. >> Kids are wild. I love them. Also down here, great spot to catch some shade. Great spot to get a cool shot of Tron going over top. And also a less populated shortcut to get through to Storybook Circus. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah, I totally I was going to walk all the way around. >> Yeah. So, we're going to end up right next to Barnes Farmer. >> Look at that. >> Yeah. >> Magic. >> The Magic Kingdom. And then after that, it's just a quick little walk through story book over to Little Mermaid. >> What park should we do next? Uh, >> leave it in the comments. >> No, I mean, >> so for you, we're headed to Under the Sea, Journey of the Little Mermaid. A lot of people just call it the Little Mermaid. The re official name, Under the Sea, Journey of the Little Mermaid. And we're heading in the Lightning Lane. There she is. The tiny mermaid. >> All right. Is this Prince Eric's castle? >> Yeah. >> Which one's his room? That one with the E over it right there. >> Oh yeah, that makes sense. >> So fun fact about this ride in the queue on November 18th, Mickey's birthday, they made it so that the rock work formed a light shadow hidden Mickey at noon every November 18th. And now for this ride, it was a walk-on. So I didn't pay attention to the wait time getting on. >> And there was like no weight. >> Yeah, there was zero weight getting on this one. There's not usually a very long wait for this one anyway, but we had no weight. So, >> let's start at the beginning. >> I hatched from an egg. >> So, this these bubbles signify us going under the sea. >> Here they are. Look, we're underwater. How long can you hold your breath? >> Also signifying that we're underwater. >> The fish. >> I do. Can I have one? Is this where you give me the thing about Bob? So, also the letter U, Ursula, >> came back out of the water. I've been holding my breath this whole time. Uh, apparently in this scene, there's a a hidden Mickey in the lily pad. We're talking about the ones that the frogs are on. Yeah, I'll count it. They're getting married. >> All right, so here's your fun facts about The Little Mermaid. It opened after the one at DCA. The one in DCA opened in 2011. And this one opened in 2012. And they actually are the exact same ride, but they have two different names. So the one at DCA is called The Little Mermaid, Ariel's Undersea Adventure, and that one opened in 2011. And this one opened in 2012, and this one's called Under the Sea: Journey of the Little Mermaid, but they're the exact same ride. >> Wonder why they did that. >> There's like one or two slight differences in animatronics, but other than that, same thing. H >> interesting. >> Interesting. All right. So, we're on to V now. And we have to we cheated a little tiny bit. >> Well, we had to sort of like flub this one because the only thing that we could come up with was villain. >> This was V was hard. I don't know why it was like the hardest letter. We looked for snacks that started with V, experiences that started with V. If you can think of something that we missed, leave it in the comments. Let us know. But we So, we met the only villains who are meeting in the park currently, which are the evil steps sisters. We walked past them earlier. They said the last time that they meet was at 3:15. So, we had to meet them earlier before their last set ended at 3:15. So, this clip is from a few hours ago, but come with us as we meet the evil stepsisters. And this is our V. So, we were walking by earlier and we saw that the sisters were out, the evil stepsisters. And what better for V than a villain? A villainous stepsister, >> right? We were also thinking maybe vanilla ice cream, but this is more fun. your face. >> I did. >> You're not old enough to do that. >> You're not old enough. >> No, we're not. >> Oh, no. >> You don't have any makeup on because Cinderella, she wore too much. >> Oh my god. You're just naturally >> dressed up and then when she took it off, the prince didn't know what she looked like anymore. >> That's happened to me before. >> I will be honest with you. Grandma sneezed all over you. Not on your back. >> Is that what you wanted? >> I I Yeah, I asked for it. Yeah, >> she wanted grandma's not on her bag. >> I paid extra. I asked for very magic. >> You made extra laughing. >> You paid extra for snot. >> I guess that's I guess that's what you wanted. >> It's not what I want. >> Well, thank you. We had something really fun that we wanted to share with you guys with you ladies. So, we're doing a challenge today. Um, we're doing an ABC challenge where we're doing something from >> WE KNOW ABC. >> ALWAYS PLAYING CINDERELLA. >> OH, that's good. >> IS THAT GOING TO CHALLENGE? WELL, so actually we're on V >> V. >> So we came to meet some villains. >> Oh, >> I it was the only thing we could think of. It was very >> very elegant. >> Beautiful ladies. >> Yes, that's what evil stands for is elegant, vivacious, intelligent ladies. >> Oh, okay. There you go. So, not villain, vivacious. >> Okay, we we were really racking our brains cuz we didn't know what to do. So, I'm sorry. >> I'm glad we helped. >> NO, NEVER BE SORRY. We helped you. >> You did. You did. Thank you. >> Do you feel better? >> I feel much better. I was nervous about telling >> I do. Cinderella. >> That's all that matters. >> Can we Oh, can we photo? Okay. >> I thought they were going to be more mad about it. I'm glad that they were nice. So, maybe they're not so villainous after all. >> They're not. They're They're vibious. >> They're They're misunderstood. I think >> they were very nice. >> They're very nice stepsisters. >> There you go. V. So, now that we've met the step sisters, we are the vivacious >> step. They're not villains. They're vivacious. >> We are headed to do our W. We're getting hungry again. >> So, we will head to sleep. >> Sleepy hollow and get a waffle. >> Waffle. W for waffle. >> So, now we're headed back over by the castle. And actually, we're going to be near where we met the step sisters. We're gonna go see W because we're heading to Sleepy Hollow. It's right there at the entrance of uh Liberty Square. There's another look at the uh back side of the castle. Almost all the way painted. There's a couple of little pink spots way up high. Also, it is golden hour right now. So, this light is hitting this just right. They're also painting it. I feel like a lot faster than they painted it pink. Like, it's going back to the original color. Quick. So, we're here at Sleepy Hollow and we mobile ordered this waffle with sweet and spicy chicken >> and maple. What was it? >> Maple sweet and spicy chicken. >> Oh, okay. So, I haven't had this since they've changed it. I haven't had it. >> I had it before. It's okay. >> Where is that supposed to have sllo or is that the old one? >> That was the old one. >> This is it. >> I'm missing the sllo. I think >> should get I need some sllo. >> I'll try it. >> This is our W. >> So, do we eat it like a taco? >> You can. >> Or you can just eat with fork and knife or whatever you want. >> It's up to you. Would it be would it be easy to eat it like a taco or would it not be easy? >> I think it might be harder. You Yeah, it's like pretty >> pretty big. >> We also said that we were going to eat in front of the Walt statue. >> I honestly there was a table open and I just wanted to sit down. So, I just wanted to take a seat. So, there was a table. We will say hi to the Walt statue before we leave. >> That's my promise to you. I'm just going to give the tender. I already gave it a little taste. It is pretty spicy. They're pretty good. Sweet and spicy. That's what they taste like. Yeah, I'm pretty sticky. >> The maple. >> Yeah, I want to try it with the waffle. Is it? Cuz Tim was saying it's a sweet waffle. >> Yeah, I think so. From what I remember. >> Let me do like a little mini taco with this one. >> Oh, yeah. That's a good idea. >> I don't know if this is going to work. Give it a try. >> It is a sweet waffle. H. Not bad. >> Yeah. >> I wish it had slough. I really do. I think that would just give it a little little push it over the edge, you know. >> All right. So X remarkably difficult, but >> so this is the one letter that we kind of like tried to plan ahead for when we were thinking about doing this video. We're like, well, could we actually do it? And X was the one that we're like, we have to figure out X cuz we can't spend all day trying to figure out X. >> I think we I think we have a solution. >> It was like the only thing we could think of. >> Let's go find it. All right, so we are making our way through Frontier Land and we're headed to Adventure Land again. M >> we're trying to book it. We're trying to book it down there because we want to make sure we do this before the park closes. >> Right. >> Can we do it? >> I think so. We only got we got three letters left. As we're reaching Tiana's Bayou Adventure, we're making a left into Adventure Land. And when you think of the letter X, what's the one thing you think of? >> Well, I immediately thought of X-ray, and that's just not going to work. >> X-ray fish. Xylophone. >> X marks the spot. >> And kids, yes, X marks. That's exactly what we're trying to find is the X that marks the spot because we're surrounded by pirates, >> right? >> So, >> and I have an idea of where one might be. If you were to find a sign that was a treasure map >> right here, a sign for Beacon Barrel, and there is an X right there at the top corner. There it is, a treasure map with the letter X on it. There actually are a lot of treasure maps around the area because this is part of a pirates adventure, treasures of the seven seas. >> It's like an interactive game >> and that originally was going to be our X because that on the map that you get there's an X. >> There's an X. >> But it closed at 600. >> And we were eating our waffles at 6:00. So, >> okay. So, now we have to head to Y. >> Y. >> Yes. >> And for Y, we're actually headed back almost exactly where we ate our waffle. Sorry if it's been shaky. This is the quickest we've moved all day. >> We're running. >> We're making it. >> Look at the moon. Look at the moon. All right, we've made it through Liberty Square and we're coming up on our Y. Oh, and there it is. I can see it. There it is. Ye old Christmas shop. >> We did it. >> We did it. >> One more. One more letter. >> One more letter after this. >> But let's take a little peek around. What do we have in here? >> Christmas 2026 stuff. Got some Easter stuff here in the Christmas shop. >> I would like to find a Christmas ornament with like the ABCs on it. like like letter blocks or like >> something to commemorate this day. >> Oh, by the way, >> okay, let me go get it. >> Zero is also the letter Z. There is a Muppet's Christmas Carol. >> Living magic. >> What does that mean? >> It lights up. >> Oh, >> light the lamp, not the rat. Light the lamp, not the rat. >> Mhm. >> Oh, that's magic. >> There it is. Look at these. They're like little silhouettes. >> Kind of like brooches almost. Yeah, but they're like >> like there's the beast and Belle. >> Oh, Bert and Mary. >> Oh, these are have seen better days. But look at this one is Hercules. >> How do you say her name? We kept saying it wrong. Me. >> Mea. Cuz we were saying Mara and that's not right. Okay. >> Cuz it's like Meg. >> I love this one. >> We have one similar to that from Disneyland, right? >> Yeah, it's the castle. >> But yeah, so this is the Christmas. This is a ye old Christmas shop. >> Guess what? I already found a Z. >> Oh, did you? In here? >> Yeah. The zero. There's a zero thing back there. >> Oh, is there? >> Yeah. Well, we'll see if we can find another one, too, on the way out. So, now it's dark out. >> Literally within the the 2 minutes that we were inside that shop. What the heck? >> It got dark. >> Okay. So, these like time travel, right? >> So, we met Yeah, that's very wild how fast the sun went down. So, we just met while we were looking at the Beacon Barrel sign. We just met She had an Etsy shop called Crafty Kirkley. I don't know what her first name was, but she actually had a good idea for Z because we were stumped. >> We had one that was like a kind of a creative answer, but let's take you to the one that she this way that she told us about, and we were like, "Yeah, okay, that's a good that's better than what we had." >> Back into Liberty Square, heading towards Frontier Land. We're going to use this cut through to get over to Adventure Land. >> So, we are literally just like ping ponging back and forth, >> but that's part of the challenge. >> And we're heading back over here by the magic carpets of Aladdin. So, this is where we ate our Dole Whip. Yeah. >> Is that where we're going? >> Yeah. >> So, I didn't see this earlier, but she said we said, "I think we're probably going to have to do something with like a Zootopia merch or something like that." And she goes, "Isn't there a place called Zanzibar something?" >> Zanzibar Trading Company. >> There is. >> Importer of exotic gifts from four corners of the globe. >> Wow. >> There it is. Two Z's. Zanzibar. Look at that. Zanzibar Trading Company. >> So, this is just a seating area. >> What? >> Yeah. But >> we did sit here earlier and we're standing here now. >> Has the letter Z in it. >> So this Yeah, we can't do anything. >> And we found that zero thing, too. So >> Oh, yeah. And the uh the Foxy Dad shirt is Zootopia merch. So if we see that on our way out, we'll show you that, too. >> Let's do it. >> Breezies. >> Oh, it's going to be me later. Yeah, I'm going to be sleeping. Easy easy. >> So, let's head towards the Emporium. >> But this is wild. Like, so, okay. The thing that I really like about this challenge is that it's making us look for the details that we wouldn't normally look at. This is like what you're really good at. Oh yeah, >> you always are looking at the details, but even today we found some things we have never seen. >> So this has been I had so much fun. >> Me too. >> Yeah, this was awesome. >> All right, so we've made it back over to the hub. We're just going to take a stop by the Walt partner statue, say hello, and then we'll head over to the emporium. >> Oh, I also want to mention too, earlier today it was like 80 something degrees. It was very hot. What's it now? >> It is now 75. >> Oh, it's only 75, >> actually. Wait. Yep. 75°. It feels a lot cooler than that >> cuz you were hot all day. >> Oh, it feels wonderful. >> It's nice. >> Let's go say hi to Walt. >> There he is. How's it going, Walt? Hope you're having a good night. Thanks for for uh thinking up this park. It is looking beautiful, but also seems like there are a lot of people in this park right now. >> Well, so the parade is happening soonish, the Starlight Parade, which I'm going to link our video for that down below because it's such a beautiful parade. We just can't stay for it tonight. >> Right. So, we are going to head into the emporium over here. Actually, it' probably be easier for us to just go in through the house of magic here. So, let's go in through the house of magic. By the way, there's nothing in here that's like magic tricks or anything like that. Just Disney merch. Look at this jacket. >> Oh, I love this. >> Pretty fun. >> Yeah, this is like >> very vintagey. >> Let's see. Let me try this guy on. >> Oh my goodness. >> How much is it? >> Let's have a look see at the price here. Oh, it's only $80. Don't get too much glitter on it now. >> Oh, shoot. I don't think I will. >> You glitter it, you buy it. Is that the rule? >> Yeah. >> Oh, look at you. >> I feel like I'm in a club. Don't I look like I'm in a club? Like a cool kids club? >> Yeah, the Disney club. Whoa, look at you. You look like uh Fanzerelli. >> Hey, >> there it is. >> This is the shirt. >> Foxy Dad shirt. Feel like I should get it. Oh, it's a Yoda shirt. >> This was going to be our Z for Zootopia merch. >> Yeah, >> it doesn't really work. >> I know. >> And then you were going to buy it. Yeah, I said I should buy it. It doesn't. How much is it? But when you buy two, they're $30 a piece. >> 33 when you buy one. >> Why is not a $33 shirt for me? >> I think it is. Yeah. >> Now that we're here, there's so many Z's. >> Zazu shoulder pal. >> Right. You be wearing your Zootopia Work merch with a Zazu Shoulder Pal. Cool font on your exit sign, Disney. I like it. >> We're going to the bathroom now. Our last bathroom stop of the day. That's it for us. We're making our way out of the Magic Kingdom. Boy, oh boy, what a day. >> But we are headed out. I will say, so this video was obviously highlighting the challenge, the ABC challenge, which we crushed, by the way. I had so much fun. Like, that was so amazing. I would love to do it again. Tell us where we should go next in the comments down below. But also, it was us using the premium lightning lane for the very first time. We've never done that before. And I don't think we used it to its full capacity today. I think that we probably we wouldn't have completed the challenge without it, but we didn't use it enough to like justify the price, if that makes sense. >> You know what I mean? >> Yeah. >> I'm glad we had it, but I wish that it wasn't $429 per person. >> So, just to kind of put it into perspective, we got into the park around 10:00 this morning. >> Yeah. >> And we're leaving now at 7:00. >> Mhm. >> So, that's how long we were here. That's how long it took us to complete this challenge. If we didn't have the pass though, I don't think we would have been able to make it through all the the lines in enough time before the park closed. >> Definitely not. >> So, that's the only way that we did it. >> But we did do it. >> This was so much fun, though. I for sure want to do this again. Also, I challenge you guys to do one of these yourself cuz it was so much fun. >> Yeah, it was a lot of fun. >> So, all in all, a fantastic day. We're going to go to sleep now. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. I'm Ryan from For the Love of Theme Parks, and now it's time to pay the price.
