---
video_id: ld1vN4erNC4
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney World Lunch At EPCOT's Festival Of The Arts 2026! | MUST DO Booth, Lorcana Quest & More Fun!"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ld1vN4erNC4
---
Good morning. We're back. We're back at Festival of the Arts. We're going to continue our journey around World Showcase. The last time we were here, we didn't make it too far into World Showcase, but today we're going to change that. So, I'm excited to come to the festival after opening day, a lot of times people will come on opening day and then when you come later into the event, sometimes the quality can be different or inconsistent, right? So, I do like to come later into the event just to kind of see what's, you know, what's going on, what's changed. Yeah. qualitywise and everything. So, let's do it. Let's head all the way back to World Showcase. So, we we last tried some items at the uh fictional Viddles. Yeah. And I think next is going to be the uh the China booth. Let's go. You know what I just noticed? There's these like I don't know if they're called queen palms, but there's these palm trees that are all around the outside here that I think got a little frozen, but they definitely pruned them back. Now, they're just like little spiky trees. You'll notice we are in t-shirts and shorts because it is warmer out today. It's going to be almost 80 degrees today and yesterday it was like freezing. I know the weather is wild. You just can't you can't really plan for it. I'm so excited to like stop wearing long pants. They're too encumbering. Oh no. This is my luck. I was like I'm going to get this jacket if I see it when it's cold at Magic Kingdom and we didn't see it at Magic Kingdom and it's not cold anymore. Oh no. So it's cool though. I like it. I like it a lot. I like this whole line. We're going to try to do our Lorana thing, too. Uh, well, at least we'll get the map. All right, so we got our Lorana quest map. They say that you can pick one of these up a day. And inside of it is a little pack of Lorana cards. So, at the end of it, people were just getting the map and like ripping them open right there. Ripping open the packs right at the end of the line there. So, it's interesting to see. What are you like is it a trading you're trading? Yeah, it's like it's basically like Pokemon cards, you know, like or like Magic the Gathering type stuff where like they have different cards that have different abilities and so people will open them up to see what they got because we have heard stories of people getting like really nice cards, like really sought after cards in these little free packs. So, I think that's what they're trying to do is like going coming every day, ripping them open, seeing what they got. Ooh, just starting to get our first glimpse of World Showcase. And I can already see lines are short at the booths. I love it. I love a short line day. I'm sure they don't love that. They probably want bigger crowds, but I'm I'm liking what I'm seeing. So, I did talk to somebody on a cruise about Lorana because they were playing Lurana when the last cruise on the Dream when we were in the concier lounge. They were playing Lorana in the lounge and I was like, you know, I don't know understand this. We tried to like look at the rules of Pokemon and I said it was there's so many rules it was very confusing and they told me that Lorana is easier to learn than Pokemon is. Okay. So that's good to know. Were these the same guys that were playing um Uno every day? Oh I don't All I saw them play was Lorana. So I saw these guys. It was like it looked like maybe a dad and a son but they were playing Uno every morning in the lounge and I'm like man that's the life right? I wanted to join. I'm like can I play mariachi libre? Oh, they're like serenating them. That's exciting. So, it's about 11:30 on a Tuesday, February 10th, and it is 69° outside. This these are the days that we like yearn for as Flidians. Oh, yeah. This is perfect. This weather could not be more perfect. No chance of rain. Oh, yeah. Not a cloud in the sky, literally. All right. So, we've made it up to the first booth that we're going to try today, and that is the Painted Panda in China. Got two new things here that I'm excited for. Oh. So, do you remember when we tried I know the egg tart isn't new, right? But you remember when we tried that and it was so surprising. It was delicious. We had never had an egg tart before, so it was very like sensory overload. Yeah, it was really good. And we're going to try new stuff today. Yeah. We're going to try the uh chicken schumai and the pork bun. So, go get in line and give them a try. General So's chicken schumai for $10.75. Dumplings filled with chicken, asparagus, onion, and water chestnuts topped with General So sauce. And then we've got the charu pork bun. Sweet and savory Cantonese style barbecue pork in a steamed bun for $8.75. So wait, is General So spicy? I don't know. I can't remember. Let's find out. Is what's general bedtime? Only wished for daughters. No. And I got Tsum Tsums. How does it go? You're the bravest guy I ever knew. How does it go? I'm gonna drop my glasses into the into the right into the sauce. Okay. So, Oh, man. All right. We're going to try the shumai first. So, this has got some asparagus, some chicken, onion, and it's topped with the General So sauce. Also, we are sitting in front of the um the the rock of note. Oh yeah. What was it called? The um the thinking rock. The interesting rock. Somebody Somebody recently asked what's like a like a hidden gem in each park. And I said that this was kind of a hidden gem because like you wouldn't think that it was anything too special or extraordinary, but it is. Especially that one that's like behind the kiosk over there. Yeah. Like little did you know that this is the thinking rock. You're good at chopsticks. Has anybody ever told you that? No, cuz I'm not. Hold on. Okay. It's just a video of 30 minutes of Jen struggling with chopsticks. Okay, I'm going to get the first one here. Oo. Oh, wait. Do I have to get the cucumber underneath, too? How do you do that? I don't know. Oh, this is a hard This is like expert level. I would just pick it up and not worry about the cucumber. Really? Yeah. Well, the cucumber's there for a reason. It's like a little like a little plate for it. Okay. Oh, okay. M. Okay. Not spicy at all. Here's a look at the inside. It's basically like a little meatball wrapped in like a very soft kind of pasta almost with a sweet and tangy sauce on top, but it's got a lot of heavy heavy onion flavor, which I'm not mad about. Oh, no. It's not onion. It's cilantro. How did you get those two mixed up? I don't know. I'm not a food critic. I'm just somebody who comes here to try things at a food festival. But it's Yeah, cilantro. Oh, I love that. I'm I'm a big fan of cilantro though. Crunchy. The water chestnut. Good. I do also want to mention that we are directly across from the Lorana card check-in spot. So, if you are doing your quest map, this is where Mulan is. So, I think because it's the micro cilantro, it has like a little bit of a different flavor. It's almost like a brighter even brighter than like a regular cilantro. It's good though. I really like it. I want to see what you think. This whole time I was making fun of uh Jen for the way she used her chopsticks. Oh yeah. Let's see. But like Oh, you're pretty good. Am I? Yeah. That was a little wink. Well, you Oh, wait. Okay. Go ahead. I wanted to get a thumbnail, but you just you go right ahead. I don't There is a little bit of spice in there. Not Not much though. No, there was something in the outside that touched my tongue first that I didn't like. Okay. I don't know what it was, but the rest of it I liked. What do you like about it? It was The flavor of the chicken is delicious. Like very moist. It does remarkably taste just like a meatball. It is a meatball. I mean, it looks like a meatball at least. I know, but like an Italian meatball. Oh, no. I don't think so. No. And then I did like the the sauce on it. How it was like kind of like a sweet sauce. It almost tastes like it was made with like a ketchup base. I don't know if it is, but it has those kind of like tangy sweetness like a ketchup would. Okay, watch me struggle with this cucumber, though. I mean, that was satisfying. Yeah. Not slimy at all. All right, next up is the char su Button. So, this is a sweet and savory Cantonese style barbecue pork. I like how thin the pork is. That makes me feel like it's going to be flavorful. I don't know why it makes me think that, but it makes me think it's going to be flavorful. Well, let's see. Okay, it is good, but it's been sitting for a minute. So, it is kind of on the verge of jerky. Oh, no. That's our fault. No, I wouldn't blame the booth for that one. I don't think with the like 10 minutes that we let it sit for, I don't think it would have gotten this dried out. Gotcha. But the flavor is really good. It is a sweet barbecue, but not like a American style sweet barbecue. Like in American, we have a lot of like uh brown sugar and ketchup. This one doesn't have as much of like a tomato like brown sugar taste to it. I don't know what the sweetness is that they use to make this, but it is a different kind of sweetness. It's good. A little bit smoky. Little teeny tiny bit smoky. Yeah, that sauce is weird. Um without the sauce, let me see. It is dry. It tastes like dry barbecue. The bun is nice. Actually, not super chewy, very pillowy. I probably wouldn't order this again, but I would order the shumai again. Yeah. So, you could see on this Torana card. It has this little symbol right here, and that's what you have to find in the stickers and then place over top of the spot on the map where it says China, cuz that's where we're at. We're in front of China right now. And that's how you complete this section of the Lorana. called the ink and fine scavenger hunt. Also in the quest book, they have a collecting guide. Tells you what the version is, their ink color, the collector number, the artist credit, and the rarity. Oh, so five tells you the rarity. After you open your booster pack, you can trade with fellow guests, and then you have to try to get these four cards to get a the Donald Duck card. So, we would get the Rapunzel card for filling out the map. You get the Donald Duck card for showing them that you have these four cards, and then you get the Stitch card as a gift with purchase. If you guys are wondering where to get the artist pallet jumbo chocolate chip cookie, it's here at the refreshment outpost. But this is also where you can get a frozen Coke. Oh, there you go. That's like my favorite thing to get at Disney is a frozen Coke. It's all that Jennifer wants. It makes just makes my day better. You know, not going to get one today, but this is where you can get it if you want to. Also, I learned something at Marty GR over last week that the face painting booths here at Disney. So, the girls that did my face paint at Marty GR, they actually work for Disney. And she was telling me that they can't do characters anymore. They can do like like general like you know how Disneybounding you're not like a character, you're just wearing the colors. It's kind of like that because of copyright. Yeah, they can't do I always wanted to get my face painted like a Na'Vi and I couldn't do it because they stopped doing it at stopped doing the copyright stuff. So, you can't even be a Na'vi anymore. You can be a blue tiger. Yeah. Which I thought was so interesting. So, I want to show you some of the art. They have some art face paint here. Look at this. The faces of cubism, tranquil water lilies, golden sunflowers. Oh, this is fun. Night sky. Like they can't call it Starry Night. Oh, but I love that. But you see how this is called Nothing But Trouble. What else do they have? This one's called Tinkerbell, which is funny to me. Sweethearts. See, it's not mini. Snow Queen. Chilling villain. So instead of Hades, Princess Kitty, Dragon Magic, Dark Fairy, Galactic Hero, Puppy Pow. See, they're like not the real names. Tropical Princess. So, they also said something interesting when we were over there. They said they have a different sign for each festival. So, Festival of the Arts makes sense. They paint you like art that is at Festival of the Arts. What do they do for Festival of the Holidays? Oh, I think it's Santa like um Holly and like Okay. You know. Yeah, like snowflakes. What are they doing for a food and wine festival? Uh turkey leg. Just a beer. Oh, a wine. We'll have to come back. We'll have to come back and show you. Speaking of art, we're passing by a scooters booth here. A lot of mid-century modern type stuff. I love it. It's cool looking. Oh, perfect for Valentine's Day. Oh, for like the sweetheart night. Yeah. Oh, this one is awesome. Look at that. Passing by a pastoral pallet over in Germany. Uh, but they don't have any new items on the menu this year, so we're going to skip it for right now. But beef short rib and black forest cake both sound delicious. I love the So, these are dishes inspired by Barbarian Folk Art. I love this. It look to me this reminds me of Seven Dwarfs Mind Train. I know. That makes sense. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I love that though. Cuz there's Snow White literally right there behind you. There she is. There she is. Do you think they start out in their cold weather outfits and then change into their like halfway through the day? Yeah. Like if it, you know, how it gets like it's like freezing in the morning and then it's 80° at noon. Maybe it looks like she's in her regular outfit. Yeah. Passing by another giant Lorcon. This one's Rapunzel. All right, we are making our way a little bit further around World Showcase. There is one new item at uh Italy. I think we're going to pass that one up, too. I'll show it to you guys on the menu, but we're headed to American Adventures. I'm excited about the stuff there. If you're a member of our Patreon, we were doing a live show and I told a story about how I saw Dustin from Stranger Things. Yeah, right there. Right there. Right there in front of that bathroom. That's where I saw him and then he ran away. Yeah. Maybe he meant to go run and admire the train. I was looking at the train and then I looked over and I'm like, "Oh, that's that's the Stranger Things guy. Look at that. There he is." Here's your fun fact about the train set here in Germany is every festival they change the little banners at this town. So, these are little teensy wensy Festival of the Arts banners. All right, so we made it over to Italy and the only thing that's new here this year is the raspberry spuma vanilla sauce, mint whipped cream, and puffed rice for $5.50. I have to say though, like Italy, you're not going to you're not going to trick me into ordering anything from your booth, right? I'm not I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. This is $5.50. I'll spend it somewhere else. Well, I just feel like it's never good. She's not a fan of flavorful buro cuisine prepared with rich color and dramatic flavor. I forgot how to say dramatic for a second. Dramatic. If any of you guys had any of the things from this booth this year, were they good? Am I wrong for not ordering them? Let me know. I don't think I am. But I love palenta, but like not going to do it. I mean, it sounds like it would be so good, right? But no, I'm going to the next booth. Another feature of Festival of the Arts is they have these photo ops where it's like you can act like you're in the scream right there. Look at her. She's screaming at me. Whoa. Holy macaroni. Did I do it? Yeah, you did. And then over here, you can pretend like you're the Mona Lisa. Okay, let me see. You got to give me that Mona Lisa smile. Let me take these off. Oh, let me get the whole frame in. The Mona Lisa is uh like very tiny in real life, like the painting. I want to go see it. It's on my list. Oh man, I've got a fun fact about the Mona Lisa. What? Oh, I'll tell you. So, they do show you what the original painting looks like, so you can try to replicate it. Yes. You know what pose to do? Yeah. So, you can look just like this man. Who is this based on? I don't I don't think I want to meet them. Stever Dream, right? Like your your sleep paralysis demon. Yeah. Fun fact about the Mona Lisa. So, the Mona Lisa had zero cultural significance before it was stolen. Oh. It was just amongst other art by Da Vinci. It was like in a sideh hall of the loop and then it was stolen and it made it into the news and the news started making a big deal. Priceless artwork stolen. The most beautiful painting in the world stolen and then after it was recovered then it got moved to the main hall. Oh. And covered with glass. So I guess if it's important enough to be stolen it's important enough to go in the main hall. Yeah. Hm. You also have some uh stuff on your face right here. How long has that been there? We've been talking to people all day. It looks like um it was from the shumai maybe. Oh no. How'd you get it over there? I don't know. So, we're passing by the gelatia here in Italy. It's right behind us. I had the best pistachio gelato of my life there. I've been chasing that feeling ever since I tried it the first time and I I don't think they sell it anymore. Oh, no. I know. I'm so sad. Sorry, I got distracted because we're passing by Joffrey's and I wanted to show you guys there's like a themed uh coffee beverage at every Joffre. It's different. So, at this one here near American Adventure, it's the Pop Art Latte. Espresso with choice of milk and vanilla syrup topped with lavender whipped cream and Skittles popped original freeze-dried candy. H not uh not for me, but somebody might like it, you know. Have you guys tried this? Oh, look at this. I've never seen this sign before. Oh, it says, "Beware. The syrups and sauces are temporarily unavailable to reduce the attraction of bees to this location." All right, we've made it up to artist table. Flavorful dishes and creative beverages. So, we're here in the American Adventure Pavilion, and this is what we got. Everything is new this year. Steakhouse lobster Caesar salad, peppercorn crusted strip loin, dark chocolate tor. Ooh, all of which sound amazing. A three course meal. I know. I love that. So, the steakhouse lobster Caesar salad is $8.99 with with Roma and red oak lettucees, warm water lobster, radish, herb breadcrumbs, and house-made Caesar dressing. Here's a comparison shot of what the photo outside looks like. There's also peppercorn crusted striploin for $9.29 with grilled asparagus, potatoes, algraten, and a pua butter. Oh, looks so good. And then the dark chocolate tor for $649. Flourless chocolate cake, whipped cream, and raspberries. Oh man, I'm so glad it's not a raspberry sauce and it's just raspberry sitting next to it. That's a solid looking uh salad right there. And like looks pretty much like what it looked like on the on the menu. It looks delicious. It kind of it's reminding me of something that they have on the Disney Cruise Line menu. I think you're going to have to eat this one quick. Okay, I'm going to show off this steak. Oh my goodness, that smells so good. It looks amazing. Oh, are these like pop rocks? Oh, maybe. Are they popping? Yeah. I can like feel it in my mouth. Like that in the Oh, already. I was like, did one land in your mouth? No, but like you know that feeling I can like feel it in my like by my jaw. Yeah. Weird. So, I'm going to try just the lobster first. Here it is. Okay. So, it's chilled. It's got almost like a mustardy kind of a flavor on it. Okay. Let me get a bite of everything. So, the Caesar flavor is light. It's not like a heavy heavily dressed salad. It's very refreshing. The I don't know what this is. Is this just onion? The the onion is really nice. The um the shaved radish gives it like a nice texture. The although this is like been dressed, they didn't like make it fresh, you know? It doesn't It's not like soggy. I really like this. If you like lobster and you like Caesar salads, get this. This is so good. You want to try just the lettuce? No, I'm okay. Are you sure? Yeah. Okay. Let's give it a taste. That's better than it should be. Like out of a booth, it's so tender, perfectly cooked. The pepperc corn gives it such a nice little like spiciness to it, too. So, there's also sea salt on the outside, so it gives it a delicious salty flavor as well. This is amazing. I love this. It's got a lot of like marbling, and I can definitely tell that this is going to be a hopefully more tender cut. Wow. Why isn't the fillet in Canada this good? I don't know. This is so good. Oh my gosh. Where's the steak from? You know how when you go on a Disney cruise and they're like, "It's from this the green circle farm or whatever." Oh yeah. We might have to go ask them. This is amazing. Holy cow. It's got some kind of butter on it. There's like a very delicious buttery a paldra. A pabra. What is that? I don't know. It's like herb butter. I love this. If they sold a whole plate of this like in a restaurant, I'd buy two. Yeah. This is Try the potato, too. I haven't I didn't try the potato. Let's see what it looks like on the inside here. You see the inside there? Let's have a bite. This is a big bite. M. That's creamy. It's cheesy. It's kind of got like that buttery sort of flavor. This is so good. Is this the best booth of the whole festival? I think it is. Wow. That's wild. Holy cow. I kind of wish I had a whole plate for myself. This is I'm excited for this. So, this is the chocolate tor. Yeah. Cut it in half. I want to see what the inside looks like. Looks very Wait, let me see. Look at that. It looks good. Let's give it a try. Is this the best booth of the whole festival? Holy What in the world is happening at this booth? Do they hide? There's like pop rocks. Did you hear that pop like that at me? Is it dark chocolate? Yes. Okay. Yeah, it is ridiculously good. Little fresh raspberries in there. I'm a huge fan of fresh raspberries and not raspberry sauce, but it's dark chocolate. And there's this little Oh, tastes like ice cream, but it's not. What is it? It's a cream. Oh, it's like an like an unlaze or whatever. Yeah. Oh, it's so good. You got to try this. It almost looks like one of those brownies. The um Who's that lady? The Little Debbie. Little you know the Little Debbie brownies that you would get like in your lunch. Yeah. They were like two little squares and they were like kind of so dense. They were like mushy. Cosmic brownies. Is that what they were? The ones with the rainbow? No. No. The ones that had nuts on them? Yeah. But I'm just giving you a reference point. Oh yeah. Oh wow. What? M. But it is like a like a lava cake where it's not fully cooked in the middle. It seems like it's cooked, I'm sure, but like it's very loose. Ooh. So this is obviously like a heavy This is like all heavy stuff, right? But when it was cold out, I wish we had tried this when it was cold out. Ate yesterday. This would have been like amazing. Wow. This is so so good. Come here and just eat here. This whole meal was so like rich. I don't think I can eat anything else. I'm going to try. You're going to Oh, I thought you said I'm going to cry. I might cry, too. That also. You think this is like a water park for the ducks? Like it's a wave pool, you know? They're coming over like we're going to feed you. We're not. Oh, sorry. to be a Disney duck. So, we're headed towards the Japan booth, but before we get there, we're passing by this funnel cake hut. And they do have a funnel cake specific for Festival of the Arts. A wild berry funnel cake. Funnel cake sandwich. Ooh, sandwich. So, you got like a flat layer of ice cream in between, too. That looks really good. With vanilla ice cream, powdered sugar topped with brown sugar, brandy, wild berry compost. That was a long long words strung together. Whipped cream and dark chocolate sauce. Jen just was lamenting on Instagram about being a Disney duck in a wave poolool with her best friend and I said, "Oh, to be a funnel cake in the window of the funnel cake hut at Epcot with that hair." So that's drawing on there. It's like pencil. That's a hair. It is a hair. Yes. Your two your two be your two best uh water friends and the hair. Okay. Baymax over here throwing me for a loop because he's got two symbols down there and they're both there. Do I just pick one like the blue one? Oh, it's both. Okay, there it is. There's a sticker with both of them on it. Okay, there we go. And we're in Japan. Eddie made a uh made a Mickey out of rocks. Where did these rocks come? Oh, sandstones. Okay, we move them over here to create magic. All right, Jen, what do you want to do first? Do you want to get some food or do you want to go in the gift shop? Okay. So, I want to get Well, actually, let's go in the gift shop so we can digest a little because I I feel like that was a pretty big meal that we had at the America Pavilion, right? And I want to look in the uh Mitsuki, is it Mitsuki? Mitsukoshi. I want to look in the Mitsukoshi gift shop here at Japan because our kids love Pokemon and I feel like we can find something fun for them in here. Maybe a fun snack, too. I see. Last time I was here, there were no Pokemon snacks back there. Well, not maybe just like a fun snack for them to try, but also a Pokemon thing. Yeah. Who is this banana unicorn kitty? Oh, that's pretty fun. I love these little babies. What does it say on the back? Um, so they're fruit. So that's grape, apple, strawberry, and peach, maybe. Oh, these little guys. Yeah. Ooh, who's this? More pico. More pekco. Full belly mode. Oh, he's so full of food. Oh, it's cute. Togeate. Okay. I like this one. Okay. So, there's Pikachu and Charmander. I like What's this? It's h happen. Wait, what? I'm like I can like know their name sort of, you know. What is this guy? I don't know. But I love him. He's a little man. Who is this? Siski Museum. What is he made of? Oh, he's like all of the different artworks. Okay. Okay. I like this guy. They're so cute. This is me cheering for sports. I like this one. He's working out. I love that. It's like Jazzer size. Yeah. But also a little booty butt. Yeah. Gudetama likes to have his little booty but out. Look at him listen to some jams. I feel like if I sat in an avocado, this would be my face, too. They have little uh Oh, what in the world is happening? What? Ah, it popped up out of the top. Oh, this is part of the uh part of the ducktails thing. Oh, I thought that was I thought that it was going to be something. That was so intense. Holy cow. What the heck? Also, why did they cancel that show? I peed a little bit. I waited so long for these plush Pokéballs to come. We could have bought them here. Oh my gosh. Are these the ones we bought? Yeah, but how much are these? Cuz I got them for pretty cheap. 1450. Yeah, I got two for like $20. Oh, okay. Do we Are there any that we don't have? Yeah, all three of those we don't have. What are these different balls? It says here, this is a friend ball. Oo, a friend ball. That's a a water ball. What does it say? It says a dive ball. Okay. What's this catching? Oh, that's the special ball. Premier ball. Ooh, that's the one they use. We should get them a friend ball. Oh, yeah. So, wait, what? Uh oh, they're so like Whoa. It looks like a Gucci bag, but it's Pikachu. That's really fun. I love it. How cute. Oh, but there's like so many little uh This is fun, too. This little like tote. What's this? Little Pokemon tote. What is it? I don't know. Charizard and Oh, model kit. Oh, yeah. Two. A Mewtwo model kit. And there's a Eevee model kit and the Pikachu model. You think Jackson would want this puzzle? Maybe. It is $40. $40 puzzle. How much for this Rayquaza? I'm going to say if you like something in here, take a picture of it and see if you can find it on Amazon. Hot tape. Look at these guys. These are the ones that go in the little Poké Balls. We have these Poké Balls. But the one I had to like put them on top of the refrigerator cuz they were throwing them around the house. They were throwing them Well, they were throwing them at each other. Like they were trying to catch each other and I'm like, "Okay, let's not throw the hard plastic ball at each other." So, you don't think we should get them new? They don't even touch these things. This Flareon's pretty cool. KitKat autumn sweets. I like it. Those delicious delicious Japanese uh treats. Little Krabbies. So, I saw a guy on Instagram who was like making these. What? Dehydrated crabs. What? He was making dehydrated crabs. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. I mean, I don't I Is that weird? I don't know. I I would never think that I'd be like, I'm going to make dehydrated crabs today. Well, this guy on Instagram did, and I watched him do it. It was cool. What do you got there? I don't actually know. Ah, yes. It's a squid. Squid. Yeah. Cool. All right. So, we went through the gift shop. We didn't find anything that we thought the kids would like. I saw a couple of things, but I really do feel like I can find them cheaper on Amazon, even with our I don't know if we get our our passholder discount in there, do we? Well, I'm not sure. Okay. So, you know, that's I sell some stuff, but we didn't get anything. So, now we're over here at the fan booth. And new this year, the tayyaki has a different filling. The Tokyo Kauawaii roll is new, and the Wagu bun is new. Ooh. So, the tayyaki is a crispy, flaky, fish-shaped chocolate flavored pastry filled with custard and served with whipped topping. That's the one I was most interested in. And then, of course, like the sushi donut and the um kauawaii roll looks cute, too. The kawaii roll is crispy shrimp tempura wrapped in multicolored sushi rice and topped with refreshing yellow yuzu sauce. and tangy plum sauce. And the last new thing is the Wagu bun. Steamed bun filled with sweet and savory minced American Wagu beef. And that's the one you wanted to get. Yeah, I like that. That one's $10.75. Yeah, the like a tablespoon of beef. Oh, yeah. That's expensive beef. Yeah, but the tayyaki was $7.75 and the kawaii roll was $9.75. M. So, I think what we're going to do is come back for this booth and for the France booth cuz those are the only two we have left. Yeah. So, we'll try to make it back for one more trip before the festival ends on the 28th. I'm going to really try. So, there are booths between Japan and France, but there's nothing new at those booths. So, we're going to go over to France and show you guys the new items at France, but I do always love the food in the Tangerine Cafe booth, like in the Morocco booth. It's so good every year. So good. We're walking up to the cuisines fruine fr. And like I said, there's only one new item here. Or no, there's a couple of new items here. I think there were two. Yeah, two new items, but neither one of them sounded good to me. So, there's this crab cake and lobster bisque. And then this uh chocolate and orange aclair. Not for me. Belle, the accomplished mystic. Ooh. Ooh. And she has the little purple spiral. She looks pretty tough. All right. So, in these next few clips, I don't know what happened to the microphone. It stopped working or something. Maybe it maybe it got disconnected. I'm not really sure what happened, but for the next few minutes there is no audio for some reason. So, we checked out this Tinkerbell card for the the Lorana card. And here we were just talking about how it was um it was cool that in this card she's a giant fairy cuz normally she's a tiny fairy. And then we were walking past the refreshment the poutine booth where they normally have the poutine at the different festivals. So, we're just kind of showing off that it was currently closed and we're not really sure when it's going to open, but there it is behind the plants there. And over here, we were saying how maybe the patchwork quilt over here, you know, maybe it froze during those few days of really, really cold weather and so they had to pull it out and redo it. But I was saying how I like that'd be a cool job to have. I think I would like to be the person that like does this job. It seems like it'd be really neat to kind of like map it out and plan it out with the different color flowers and stuff. I just I love that. And here we are talking about the canvas, the painted canvas. And we end up actually going over and painting a few squares ourselves cuz why not? You know, it's always fun to add a little of your own art to the Festival of the Arts. So that's what we did. And we asked the cast member and they actually told us that this canvas is completed every couple of days. So, every couple of days they will have a new canvas out there where guests are are filling it in, you know, each six squares at a time. So, he's got the number 14 paint, which is like a purple. I have, I think, number one paint, which was more of like a purpley gray. And we were talking about how hot it was at this point in the day. It was about 80° at this point in the day, which was wild cuz just a few days ago it was freezing. I still can't believe that they filled this up every couple days. That's amazing. And somebody in the comments was asking, "What do they do with the canvases?" And I honestly don't know. I don't I I wouldn't imagine that they save them cuz there's probably so many from the years. But if any of you guys know, leave it in the comments down below. I'd love to know the answer to that. And here is a look at what the finished mural will look like when it's done. This is the the picture that we are painting square by square. So, this one's pretty fun. It's got food. It's got the skyliner. Look at that. Here's something that was very funny to me is that there's artists booths over there for Festival of the Arts and one of the artist representatives, maybe not the artist himself, but was out there and has heard and seen this show so many times. They were doing the dance on the side and they were just like dancing along. It was fun. I mean, I feel like I would do that. Yeah. Right. You got to pass the time somehow. Right. Right. Back over towards Spaceship Earth. Making our way to the front. It was a fun and eventful day. All right. All right, so there you have it. That was our trip to Epcot for Festival of the Arts. Fantastic time. Really enjoyed today. Had a really good time. It was so much I I mean, I have fun every time we go anywhere together, but this was especially a fun day. I love trying all the food. And to be honest, the quality was just as good as it was the first day. Yeah. So, I know it can be hit or miss sometimes further into the festival. Today was great. And the American booth. Oh my gosh. Phenomenal. So good. So delicious. When we come back, I want to I want to get the stuff we didn't get, but I also want to get that stuff again. Four orders of the steak. It was so good. So, all in all, a fantastic trip out to Epcot. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price.
