---
video_id: cvMRhoiB3RU
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Trying Fun Foods At Panda Fest Orlando & Downtown Winter Garden Day!"
published: 2026-03-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvMRhoiB3RU
---
Good afternoon. We are here in the town of Winter Garden here in the Central Florida area. There's a lot of fun shops down here, a lot of like interesting things to see. So, we thought, let's take a trip to Winter Garden and have a look around. >> So, we're here today to just, you know, explore Winter Garden. We came here a while back when uh Jackson was a baby, and we really loved it. We had a great time. I'd love to go to the bookstore. Yeah. >> I'd love to maybe get a little lunch if we have time. I'd love to check out some of the shops. The last time we were here, you got some really cool t-shirts from like a surf shop, flipflop shop. >> And I want to check out if they have any Pokémon books. >> If there's any Pokémon books, we're going to check the bookstore for Pokémon books. >> Let's go look. The water tower is welcoming us to Winter Garden. You'd love to do it. >> I'm okay. >> Okay. I love the It's just very charming here. It's very like kind of small town downtown and then it's got like the brick roads. I just I love everything about the downtown. It's >> like a giant tree like in a lone executive, >> but it doesn't have any um coconuts on it for a head. >> Not this one. Yeah, this one doesn't have any coconuts. >> Why? >> Well, cuz it's not a coconut tree. >> It's a What do you think? >> An oak tree. >> It's an oak tree. >> Oh, >> yeah. >> There you go. Now you know. The last time we were here, we came to the Winter Garden Railroad Museum and we enjoyed it. Uh, but there was like a railroad car outside last time, but it's not there anymore. >> Wonder what happened to it. >> So, it's around the other >> Oh, it's around the other side. >> Yeah, it was I thought I I thought I just saw it. I also There's a um an art gallery that I wanted to look at. >> Oh, >> I don't know. Oh, watch where you're walking. So, I might be on that street, the art gallery. >> Oh, okay. But this >> So this is the road that has all like the little like uh gardens in the center of it. >> Oh, look at this. You want to take a picture right here? >> Can I take a picture of you? >> You got you got to stand right here >> and it'll >> It's paint the size of that bead. >> Stand right here by this um this swing >> right there. Look at mommy >> cheese. >> Oh yeah, there's an Amish furniture store down here. We could go buy some Amish furniture. I feel like we've eaten at the whole enchilada before. Oh, yeah. I forgot about there's a a store devoted to olive oil here and olives. Oh, that's funny. It's like a like a flip top margarita cup, so you could take it traveling if you wanted to. >> It's in front of the Amish store, right? >> You know, they love their margaritas. >> I like this. >> This And what's this? >> It's like a barrel. >> Oh jeez. Oh my goodness. >> I like that chair, too. It's cool. >> It's very nice. You want to sit in it? >> Yeah. Test it out. >> Tell me. Tell me how comfortable this chair is. >> It's so cozy in this. >> It's so comfy. >> It's so comfy with the pillow, he said. >> Yeah. >> I like these cuz they're like little mini lifeguard chairs. >> Oh, yeah. >> Look at this bench. >> I don't think this bench is for sale. All you need is love and a new outfit. >> Oh, this is the boutique on plant. >> What are we looking at? >> Oh, that's a leprechaun. Oh, >> right there. >> He said there's a man with a pot of gold. And I was like, where is this? >> Right there he is. He He loves those leopard shoes. >> Yeah, he's just checking them out. So, I think this town is interesting cuz they're kind of like feels like a fitness town. A lot of bicycles going around. And then there's a lot of like This is like a triathlete store. >> This is me. Death Before decap. You know me, I love hot dogs. >> So, we ate here. When did the last time we came? I think we we ate there. Yeah. >> And we also ate at this chocolate shop. Oh, did we? >> Yeah, we got some chocolates. >> Oh, we got some to go. I do remember that. >> Oh, and I >> Driftwood Market. >> You did? >> That sounds cool. >> And here, >> this is like a furniture shop. All right, let's go check it out. Why not? >> Here's to another day of outward smiles and inward screams. >> Those are just following Oliver around and him just being like, "Look at this. Look at that. Look at this. It's pretty good." Candy corn candy corn. >> Just the thing that's holding the bracelets. Those are soap. >> What do you think this one smells like? >> It's all soaps. >> You want to smell it? >> That one smells like peppermint. Does it smell minty? >> Does it smell good? >> No. >> Yeah. >> Oh, smell of this one. >> Smells like white tea and ginger. What do you think? >> Ooh, that one smells really good. >> It's all about plants, right? Feeling cute. Might die later. Oliver said, "Oh, look, some grass. And I can stand here. >> Come this way with me. Come this way." >> Oh, he's like running on it. That's good. I like it. right over here. >> Lots of boutiques. >> Pokemon. >> If you've been waiting for a sign to buy a new book, this is it. >> It's called the Writer's Block Bookstore. >> So, this is actually where I came and like got my my found my love of books again. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, they have the blind date books. >> What are those? Oh, the ones that are like wrapped up. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's fun. Oliver says he's on a on a mission to find Pokémon. >> Look, I think the kids >> We just got to go a little bit further back. I think. Well, there's like all these little golden books here. >> Hey, here's a book. >> Oh my goodness. That's a Pokémon book. >> Have you found one already? >> We did. >> Pikachu's nighttime adventure. >> That was easy. >> A Pokémon book. >> Oh, it looks spooky. Oh, it's Stephen King. >> Oh, okay. >> All right. Well, we found it. >> That was easy. >> Look at him just going to town with these uh with these Pokémon. Oh, look, Mimikyu. >> Who else do you see? Oh, I see Mimikyu and Diglett. >> Diglett. But where's Diglett? >> Wasn't that Diglett right there? >> That's Doug Trio. >> Oh, Diglett's over there to the other. >> Yeah, there he is. >> I wonder if we should get Jackson. Um cuz they have the chapter books over here. Fell down. >> The dog man ones. Or he loves the grumpy monkey. Oh, Oliver, right here. >> Oh, origami. >> You could do origami. >> Are these colors? >> Oh, and how to draw. You have one. >> I think we have this one. >> We have both these two. >> Yeah, I think we have this one. We don't have the We don't have the origami one. >> Oh, look. This one, too. Legendary and mythical. We should get this for Jackson. I think he would like it. >> Is this one that you >> It's a coloring book. >> Oh, it is? >> Yeah. But it's all just legendary and mythical ones. >> Oh, yeah. >> I'm actually on Pokémon Go right now because a friend is inviting me to a raid and like >> Oh, this. He'll love this. >> Oh, trivia challenge. >> Oh my gosh, Jackson. This is like right up his alley, >> right? 5 minute phonics. What's that? Like learning how to say things. >> Okay, I think we have a few. >> Pokemon Rainbow. Look at this coloring book, too. >> The Mega Evolution Handbook. We got to get all these books. >> Oh, okay. Yeah, >> they're going to be so excited. >> Losing their minds. Oh my gosh. Pokemon Mad Libs, the world's greatest word game. Amazing. I like this is just it. We just got to buy every Pokémon book there was ever made. >> So, the thing about it is that if you want I saw those little Legos If you want your kids to get excited about reading, buy them books about things that they're excited about. >> So, this is how our kids >> are so like, you know, like >> into reading. >> Yeah. And Jackson's pretty advanced reader. And I think it's because of this, >> right? >> So, did you get the Mad Libs one? He'll love that. Okay. All right. So, I asked the um the employee that's working here. I was like, "Here's the style of book that I like. What do you recommend?" and I got um some good recommendations. So, I think I'm going to buy a couple more books. So, if you're part of the Patreon book club, maybe these will be upcoming books. And I think they're books you can find on like the at the library. Hold on. Let me show you what they're doing. >> Battle, Dad. >> I'm waiting for an invitation from a friend so that we can battle a Pokémon. >> You excited, buddy? >> You excited? >> Wait, so easy. >> Whoa. So, the cool thing about this this store is that they have like this whole little kids area. It looks like a little cottage back here, but then they also have a huge selection of like more adult books. >> Here's what the problem is, though. You get a kid that's really into books and then they don't want to leave the bookstore. >> Ooh, look. >> Don't call yourself a baseball fan if you're not a fan of the Sesame Street sluggers. They have these astrology pencils that are for like your astrology sign. And all the Pisces ones are gone because Pisces love pencils. >> There's some little swings in the center we can go to. So Oliver's gonna have a little snack. I just got some books from the bookstore. So I got Beth is Dead, which is a take on Beth from Little Women. And she recommended If We Were Villains. >> So I'm going to read this one. I literally don't know anything about it. I don't know what it's about. She just said she really liked it. And we got a bunch of Pokémon books. I'll show you those when we get home. But we got like a bunch of Pokémon books. >> Oliver's going to push us where this is like in the center here. There's these benches that are swings. See, when I was a kid, >> you're so strong. >> All the adults were like, we had a kid so that they could clean our house and mow our lawn. Me, I'm just like, push me in a swing. You're doing good, buddy. >> Whoa, buddy. >> This kid's like, I'm going to try to do the hardest thing imaginable. Walk the entire way around the fountain. >> You're doing good, bud. I'm proud of you. Oh, a Jurassic Park jeep. >> Okay, let's do a big jump. Jump down to daddy. You ready? >> No, I'm >> going again. I wanted to stay in this hotel one time. We went into it the last time we were here and they have like the world's oldest working elevator or something like that. >> So, we said that in the video because the guy told us that and then somebody who was like an elevator cuz apparently there's like a big elevator genre on YouTube. >> Yeah. >> Uh he said that that was a lie. It wasn't the oldest elevator. >> So, I don't know who's I don't know which is the oldest elevator. I just don't know. >> Maybe it's the oldest elevator in Florida. Oliver's on the mission to try to find a love bug. >> I We got to keep Well, hold on. Watch out, buddy. We got to keep walking. And I bet we'll see one. >> There's bikes everywhere. I feel like I'm going to get run over by a bike. >> There's a lot of bikes. Yeah. I'd love to come back. There's a lot of restaurants here. So, where we live, the restaurants are all chains pretty much, but down here, it's so neat. They have all of these um like local places. This place looks cool. It's called the Chef's Table. >> Oh, yeah. So, it's still happening. Black Bean Deli, which is a Cuban place sort of in Winter Park, Orlando area. Oh, these are like supposed to be like uh fruit crates. >> So, I was reading a little bit about the city and you want to sit on it? I'll sit next to you. I was reading about the city just to see, you know, some interesting facts about the city. And um their biggest export was citrus, but they had two big freezes. They had a freeze in late 1800s and then they had a freeze in I believe the 80s and it sort of killed the citrus crop. And so then they started selling the grove land. Oh, no. And it became more of like a residential kind of a place. They started selling it for homes. >> Okay. >> And so that's when it became more of like a um a town, you know, that people would come and live here and that's when they built up the downtown area with all these fun shops and Yeah. So a and that's a lot of Florida towns. They were big citrus exporters. And there was a stop on the St. John's River. This was one of the stops. >> Okay. >> So Oh, okay. Oliver is feeling good about himself cuz he just pet a dog. >> Look at that walk, >> right? He's like, >> he could do anything. >> I just pet a dog and my life is good. >> So, there's a coffee shop right here. The Ax Axom Coffee. >> I always see people posting about it. >> Oh, >> what is it? >> What did he say? What's that orange thing? >> What orange thing? >> This is what >> he said. Let's go check it out. >> Okay, but where where is it? >> Also, we've heard good things about this theater here. So, the last time we came here, somebody that worked at the theater invited us to come see the show that they had on, and we couldn't make it. So, I'd love to come out and see a show out here. >> Yeah, it'd be fun. Oh, there's an angry bison down here and an apricot lane. >> Look at that. See, this is nice. This is a fun little town where you can walk down the center with tree lines and everything. >> I love this. >> Yeah, it's very nice. >> People always ask us if they they're moving to Florida. Lots of people are moving to Florida and they always want to know where they should move. I truly I would have loved to have lived in Morton Garden, but it's just too far away from everything else for us like family, the theme parks, you know, that kind of stuff. But if it if we had the option to live here, I would I would totally live here. >> So far away from >> What do you see? >> What is it? We stopped off at Foxtail Coffee real quick cuz I needed to use the potty, but they said bathroom for customers only. So, we bought a cake pop. What do you think of it, buddy? What flavor did you get? >> What flavor? >> Um um I caught um I got um strawberry. >> It was a chocolatecovered strawberry. >> Is it good? >> It smells really good. >> And it tastes really good. >> And it tastes really good. >> Yeah. >> Well, I'm glad. It looks so yummy. Um so I love this town. The only thing that is a little bit I don't like love is there's a lot of bikes. The bikes are cool. I love the bikes. Um but they are a little scary. >> Yeah, cuz they're not just like commuter bikes. They're like people racing. >> Yeah. And it's it's like on the sidewalk, so it's kind of hard to wrangle him and share the sidewalk with everybody plus the bikes. >> Right. >> That's the stick. >> The other thing that's interesting is that every single restaurant, and there's a lot of restaurants, are full. >> Yeah. >> Time to check out something. >> What would you like to check out? Um, I want to check. >> You want to look at more things? Okay, we can look at more things on the way to the car. >> No, >> but everybody is out and it's like what what do people do here? >> It could be It's lunchtime, too. So, like people could be on their lunch break. >> I don't know. It's just an interesting It's interesting to see that every restaurant is full. >> Yeah. It's also Florida and there's a lot of retirees here. So, >> they not everybody here looks like they're retired. So that's why I'm I'm just wondering like >> what what do the majority of people in this area do? >> They also have public bingo at the American Legion. >> Oh, good. >> Mondays at 6:30. I love bingo. >> We should go. >> We should come. I'd come. >> Build your own burgers. Voted number one by the Orlando Sentinel Foodie Awards and Scott Joseph. >> This is the Hangry Bison. >> Yeah. Anytime Oliver sees grass, whether it's fake or real, he's like, "Let's go. Let's run. Party time." There's also a splash pad over here. So, like on a hot day, kids could be out here and splashing about. Also, another neat thing is people have golf carts and they drive their golf carts around town. People walk their dogs around town, drive their golf carts, ride their bikes. >> They also have a a farmers market here somewhere. >> And I'd love to see market. Oh. >> Oh, maybe. Yeah, >> I want to go in there. >> Yeah, I'd like to see the farmers market out here. >> Me, too. So, maybe we can come one weekend, come back and spend more time. >> Yeah. I also want to know what's in this building. like it. >> It's cool looking. >> I want to go, man. I forgot. >> All right. It was a short trip out here and we're making our way back to the car, but it was fun. I liked it. I like this town. >> It's nice fun like a >> bug. >> Find some love bugs. >> It's nice when the weather is perfect like it is right now. >> All right, so we're back from Winter Garden, and we have something fun planned for tonight. >> We had a lot of fun in Winter Garden, though. I love all of the uh little shops and the restaurants. I'd love to go back and go grab dinner. I want to go to the the like food hall, the plant the plant street like food hall place cuz that's where we went I think one of the other times that we went and I remember the food being really good. >> That's where if you guys have ever had the beer company Crooked Can. >> Oh, >> that's where their brewery is. >> Okay. Yeah. I'd love to go just like, you know, one afternoon with the kids and >> and I want to go back to the bookstore, too. >> Yeah. >> So, um >> you think they'll have more Pokémon books? >> I don't know. I think we bought them all. I think we literally bought them all. But now tonight we have something really fun planned. We're gonna be going to what what part of Orlando? >> It's pretty much it's the Milk District, but it's like pretty much downtown. >> Yeah. And we uh bought some tickets for Panda Fest. >> So, let's go head downtown. >> Good evening. We are in downtownish Orlando and we are walking through a uh a shopping mall area, like a strip mall area because this is where we had to park and we're headed to a festival park to go to an event called Panda Fest, which is an event that celebrates Asian culture. So, we're going to go in there. There's going to be food, there's going to be music, there's going to be entertainment, and it's just going to be all around a good time. What are you most excited for? >> I'm most excited for the food. Yeah. >> Um there's tons of food booths that are going to be there. >> But if I'm not mistaken, I think with our tickets in we get like a little panda pin. >> I don't know if I got those tickets. There was like VIP tickets. >> Oh, okay. >> And that came with like a swag bag. I don't know if we did that. >> I don't think so cuz our tickets were $12.50. >> Yeah. So, you're paying to get in, but then you also have to pay for the food. >> Yeah. >> So, um but yeah, we're walking over now. It's in like a big field over here somewhere. We're in an area of town called the milk district. So there's a big TG Lee milk plant over here and everybody in this area has kind of embraced that and so we call it the milk district. There's all kinds of milk themed restaurants and bars around and like milk themed things everywhere. So it's a pretty cool area of town. We're headed to a field. We are making our way over there. It is a tiny bit of a trek. There's not really parking over here. I don't think it's that bad, but if it's raining later, that won't be fun, >> which it is definitely going to be raining later. >> There's like a 100% chance of rain for most of the festival, >> right? >> Uh but that's okay. We're still going to have a good time. I can eat in the rain. >> That's true. This is a bowling alley right here, too. There it is over there. That's Primrose Lanes. That's one of the older bowling alleys down here. And from what I hear, the food is really good there as well, cuz they just refurbished the whole thing. And so now it's like cool and hip and like up to date. There's Orlando skate park right there. >> Should have brought my skateboard. >> I know. Where are my rollerblades? >> I did wear my helies. So >> Oh, yeah. Do you think they'll let you in? >> With helies. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Why not? >> I don't know. >> It's the same. It's the same thing. Is it >> basically a built-in skateboard? >> That's true. Oh, I like how there's just a banner that says panda panda panda panda panda panda. But that's where we're headed to. Right there. The panda fest. >> How do you get in? Oh, right there. >> It's over there. Yeah. >> Okay. >> This is just kind of like an overview outside. I just wanted to have it filming so you guys could see what we're about to head into. We did get pins. Oh, they're so cute. >> So, I guess the Panda Fest is has been in other places and I think it's its first year in Orlando. >> So, we got the oranges for Orlando. >> Oh, I like that. >> Yeah. >> I like this, too. Oh, there's a giant panda right there. Do you see that thing? >> Oh, yeah. >> Holy cow. Is that a Is there a Is there a guy in there? >> I don't know. >> I think there is. Yeah. Look, it's moving around. >> And this is the panda shop. Oh my goodness. Look at this panda dancing around. >> It is a guy. >> Look at this panda guy. Oh, look at the little hand waving. Oh, that's fun. Look at this panda fruit juice. And it does come in a giant panda bottle. Look at him. Look at all those panda bottles up there. The rain. The rain has officially started. Ah, yes. Mochi. Mochi. Mochi. Everything has pandas and it's so cute. Jen just admitted that too many choices are her nightmare. >> I can't pick. I can't. >> There's so many choices every which direction that you look. >> It's so much like what do you pick? How do you even start? >> I don't know. You pick a panda and whichever one looks like it's enjoying its food the most. That's where you go. >> Like these ones with the their panda heads that have been skewered probably not enjoying themselves. Jen started off at Panda Noodles for some chili garlic beef sauce noodles. >> I got spicy beef with all the toppings. >> Yeah. >> So, and it was that happened so fast. It was $10. >> I think it was 15. >> 15. Yeah, >> that's fine. I'm at a festival. I know it's going to be like, you know, festival prices. >> Yeah. >> So, I'm It's like we're at Disney. >> Okay. >> You're doing great. >> You got noodles. >> It's hard. M. >> Wo. It is spicy. Um, the noodles are very like slippery, easy to eat. Oh, okay. Slides right down the throat. >> Just put it open your gullet and slide right. >> It's very good. It is spicy. You couldn't eat this. Too spicy. >> No. >> Super savory. Um I love the crunch of the uh the little onion crunch. >> Very good. I think it's a good start. I think it's too much food though. >> Oh no. Already. >> Mhm. >> We just This is the first thing you've eaten. >> I know. >> Look at all these booths. Look at how many booths there are. >> And you're already done. >> We're going to eat everything. >> Here's what I'm going to get. I'm going to go over here. I'm going to get some B. Oh my goodness, look at the line for these boughs. >> All right, I'll get some bows. >> So, you got your handmade bow. Three for $15. >> Trying the uh one first. Yeah. >> Get a nice zoom in of you eating the beef. >> I a beef meatball in there. >> Oh, it's a meatball. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that doesn't look anything like the picture. >> No. Um I get the sweet garlic sauce. It's very garlicky. >> Yeah. >> I probably should have gotten it with no sauce. >> The which one? >> No sauce. I think he gave you not the sweet like chili garlic. I think he just gave you garlic. >> Yeah, just garlic. >> That's what it looked like. >> Oh, >> it looks like garlic to be honest. >> This is not as exciting as I thought it was going to be. >> Oh no. >> Because there's so much like sweet garlic on there. It's like very sweet garlicky. >> So I wish I'd gotten it without the sauce. This one I think is the pork. This one's also much bigger than the than the beef one. >> It's huge. Oh my gosh. Yeah, it was so big. Yeah, that looks a little better. >> Yeah. That's like pork barbecue. Also very sweet. Sweeter than I thought it was ever going to be. >> They're playing golden >> on the uh >> ther. All right, we're in line for the watermelon juice and lemonade in a souvenir panda cup. Guess the price. >> $30. >> $30 on the dot. >> Is it $30? $30? >> I don't want to. I'm going to check the price of this one. Stay here. I'm going to check those prices. We decided not to do watermelon juice and lemonade and we came over to instead went to the rich tea shop. Jen's got the watermelon lemonade, but I think my favorite thing about this this stand is right behind you. They have their huge jugs of watermelon flavoring. >> Um, also I it said that this was going to be $10 on the sign, but then when they charge me, they charge me $11. >> We think that's because of a credit card, >> but I didn't ask. I got I was too scared. So, your guess is as good as mine. >> It does taste like watermelon candy. >> Oh, >> yeah. Not. >> Is that good? You're not. >> I thought it was going to be like watermelon juice. >> Oh. Oh, because it's the flavoring, not like fresh watermelon. >> It's still good. >> Dang. >> Yeah. Okay. So, Tim is getting the hot dog trio. It's like hot dog, mozzarella, you know, the like fun corn dogs. While he's doing that and waiting for it, there's like a girl group dancing on stage. So, I wanted to show you So, I got uh Korean corn dogs. >> Sorry, I was trying to find the sun, but the sun is gone. >> I didn't see which one was which. >> So, this is the ramen one, the potato one, and then >> regular. And also, literally just came out of the fryer. So, >> they're going to be so hot. >> Let me see this cheese pull. >> Yes. Could have been better. But no, it tastes good. I'm going to do a better cheese bowl. >> Is there sauce that comes with it? >> You could have gotten ketchup, honey mustard, or Sriracha. >> Oh, okay. >> I didn't get any sauce. >> Ah, >> cuz I was like, give me >> I'm the the sauce intern. >> And you are uh This was $25 for three. >> Oo. Yeah. Look at that. >> Whoa. So cheesy. Oh, it hit my >> Oh, no. It's so cheesy. >> Oh, >> look at that. Oh my gosh. But let's see. >> Hi. >> You got to go slower. You got to You got to draw it out. Draw that cheese out of there. >> There you go. >> That was good. >> That was actually very good. Those potatoes are delicious. We're over here at this Hello Yam sweet potato Japanese sweet potato ice cream place here. And they got a silky paste matcha ice cream. Wa. That was awesome. Look at it. It's adorable. Those little panda face came by Maya's Miranda. We got some chicken feet here. Some lobster balls. Chicken intestine. Over here we've got the dumpling king. And then right next squid. A grilled whole squid. Look at the line for the grilled whole squid. People are getting it. Kingole squid. >> I want to see somebody pick one of these things up. Oh, look. He's got it. Look at these things. >> They're so big. >> Yeah. Right. These are just like gigantic squids that they're grilling up. Oh my goodness. Look at those things. Oh my goodness. Look at these. Just like piles of squid over here. >> Oh my goodness. Right next door is Dumpling King. >> Look at the pretty colors. >> I I expected them to be like sweet >> because of the colors. >> Yeah. But they're not. They're savory. >> Oh. Pork, shrimp, chicken, beef, and veggie. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, the rain is definitely picking up. And but we just met some guys who said tomorrow is going to be even worse than today. >> So, I'm glad we came tonight. >> Oh, this is what we're going to try next. It's like uh the candied fruit on a stick. >> Mhm. All right, we got some tangulu. >> So, this is strawberry and grape, but they also had some other flavors like they had a rainbow one with like oranges and stuff, but let's see. I' I've actually never had this before. >> Tonulu. Yeah. >> Ooh. >> Oh, you hear that crunch? >> Oh, >> wow. >> We had this We had this when we went to that one downtown. >> So good. Holy crap. >> Yeah. >> Oh my god. >> Wow. How we never had that before? >> We have. >> I would remember that. >> At the last Asian festival that we went to, we got it. >> Are you sure? >> Yeah. >> I don't think I ate it. >> It was the longest line. >> That's just like pure sugar, right? >> Oh, so good. M. >> That strawberry was so juicy. We're here. This so Bong Am Bang maybe. I don't know if that's the like the name of the store that like the name of the stand from New York City or if that's what this is. >> Well, and that was my other question is are these boos local? And I don't think they are. >> I don't think they are. >> I think it's like from all over. >> Oh, they're making Nutella. >> Buy one. >> Nutella. >> Oh, yeah. The the Oreo one has marshmallow in it. >> I'm not dousing me with >> Oh, no. Sorry, I'm not good with an umbrella. >> It's my first day on Earth and it's raining. >> Well, fish guy, you ready? >> I'm ready. >> It's kind of warm. I hope the Nutella is not going to like burn my mouth open. >> You know what it tastes like? >> What? Nutella? >> Tastes like a Nutella waffle. >> Oh, yeah. I mean, okay, that makes sense. >> Pretty much what it is, >> but it's in the shape of a fish, >> which makes it taste better. Oh, there it is. Super Nutelli. Yeah, >> I saw her making them and she was putting a a big spoonful of Nutella in there. >> A heaping heaping spoonful. >> Keeping for sure. >> That's pretty good. >> This has been my favorite thing so far. >> Is it? Yeah. >> Yeah. >> That and the strawberry. >> That was so good. >> That was very good. >> Wow. Yeah, it looks good. >> How much was that? $9. Wa. >> $9. >> I got to say, this has been a very expensive festival. Holy cow. >> All kinds of Panda merch. It's like pandemonium over here. >> Look at this. Pancakes. A Japanese concept where Japanese innovation is infused with global flavors. Tiramisu, banana pudding, Japanese cheesecake. Sounds interesting. All right, we are starting to make our way towards the exit because we got enough food. I feel like we're very full. There was so much more to see and so much more to try, but we reached our stomach's limit. All right, we're making our way back to the car. >> Ooh, we're outside of Party City. >> Oh, yeah. This is actually Staples, by the way. Oh, it says Party City. >> I know. Party City is now at Staples. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. Look at that. Party City now at Staples. >> Oh, that's interesting. >> Right. So, what did you think of Pena Fest? >> Um, I thought that it was a fun event to go to. I liked trying new foods. I liked seeing all the booths and like I I did like the event, but I do think that it was a bit pricey for what it was. And I would like to see them come back with like smaller plates. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, it was hard to try everything. >> Samplings. Yeah, you can only have like two things. It was like full size. >> Yeah, it was a lot of food. And so I would like to see them come back with sample sizes and maybe lower prices. >> Just my opinion. But I'm glad that we went. It was fun. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> So, we're going to head home now. All right. It's actually the next day from Panda Fest. I know it was dark in the last clip and now it's bright outside. So, it is the next day. >> Ooh. The magic of of film making, >> right? >> Movie magic. >> I had a good time at Panda Fest. enjoyed seeing like I like a good festival, you know? >> I I enjoyed the festival, but I do think that it was overpriced. So, you had to pay to get in. It was $1250 for our tickets to get in, >> and that was the early bird price. >> But they also had a VIP tickets, which I think were over $42. And that did get you some some perks. So, there was like covered tables. There were specialty bathrooms that were like a little bit nicer. You got like a a a woven panda tote. >> It was kind of a cool looking tote, but it was a little bit small. >> I just I feel like I I I'm glad that we got the tickets we got, but then you also had to pay for the food, and the food was just expensive. >> Yeah. >> So, it was fun in the fact that we got to try lots of new foods. We got to try things we wouldn't normally get to try. We got to see lots of interesting food items like the squid. That was really cool to see. I feel like if we went back, I would try it. >> Yeah. I just was so full by the time we got there because the portions were like actual like like regular sized portions. They weren't sampling portions, right? So I we we ate >> like not we didn't eat very many things, but we did eat a lot of food. >> Yeah, it was like you ordered like two or three things and you've had an entire dinner. >> Yeah, it was a it was a lot. So and we were sharing stuff but it was still it was just a lot of food. So um I love seeing the entertainment. Later on, some of the people that I follow, they showed that there were like there was sumo wrestling. There were different musicians. So, I wish we had gotten to see the sumo wrestling. I think that would have been cool. >> Yeah. >> But I loved I loved just like, you know, walking around and exploring the festival. >> Yeah. So, like I think that's a a good thing. So, we have the Orlando weekly that has a calendar section in it and that's where you can go in and see just like everything that's happening on any specific day in Orlando. And I'm sure you guys have something like that in your hometown, too. I highly suggest uh looking at it and just like picking a thing. You never know, >> especially if you're here on vacation um and you're looking for something to do outside the parks. There's something on any any any day of the week, you'll be able to find something to do. So, that's a that's definitely a a little tip for you. >> An Orlando hack, if you will. But, it was a fantastic time and a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Hey. Hey. Hey.
