---
video_id: no94_lti3fs
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Instagram Made Me Buy It, Packing For Our Next Trip & Starting Piano Lessons! | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-01-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no94_lti3fs
---
Good morning and welcome to a home vlog. We've been working, Jen's been working really hard on editing all this stuff from Royal Caribbean and I am going to be doing some work around the house today. It's an exciting day. Let's uh let's hang out. It's also cold outside right now. Well, I mean, not anymore. It was really cold this morning. It's 58° outside here. It was in the 30s this morning when I first woke up. So, it's been a little wild. And also, the weather is really strange. And we say this all the time because we're like, people always ask us what to pack for Florida. We have no idea because yeah yesterday I think it was yesterday we woke up and the temperature was like in the 60s and then by noon it was like a windstorm came through and the temp temperature dropped down to the low 50s like 52 and then at night it was in the 40s and we woke up to the 30s the next day. So like how are you supposed to plan for that? Like it was warm then it got cold and now it's really cold and then on like Friday it's supposed to be back up into the 80s again. So, like how how do you how do you pack for that? Also, another fun fact about me is I don't own any like I own maybe three long sleeve shirts. I own a lot of jackets and sweaters and things like that, but I don't own any long sleeve shirts. And today would be the perfect day for a long sleeve shirt. And I own like long underwear. I can put that on underneath like I'm from the '9s, you know, which I am. I was, you know, my formative years were in the 90s and like I could wear like a like one of those like waffle print long underwear shirts, thermal shirts underneath my shirt and then I could be like, you know, Pearl Jam. Also, I have to admit I fell for an Instagram marketing tactic. This thing is called like a quick stitch. And it's basically these little plastic guys here that are sticking out the top are the little plastic things that they use to hold price tags on shirts. And so if you wanted to make a an item of clothing a little bit tighter. So like for example, Jackson's tall for his age, but he's also like lanky. So, if I buy him pants that are the correct length for him, the waist is too big. And they do have adjustable waist pants, but it only goes so far. So, I was thinking about taking a pair of sevens, like kids seven for seven-year-olds, uh, and folding the like the the waistband over and then punching that through it and having like maybe two or three little like quote unquote little plastic stitches in there. That'll keep the waist tighter and then the length will be the correct length and hopefully it would work. Let me show you guys how it works. So, this is my This is a Muppet shirt that I've got. And this thing's nice because it doesn't like ruin shirts. It's the same as if I had put like a tag on the shirt. So, it's got a little needle on the end there. And if I folded this shirt over, like I wanted to make this shirt a little bit tighter here, just folded it over like that. Then I could take this little like tagging gun here, put the needle through the shirt, through all different layers of shirt here, right? The needle's through. And then I pull the little triggery guy and now it's like hemmed there. I know I should have done this on not a black shirt, but you can kind of see the little piece of plastic right there. And then if I flip it over, same thing's on the other side. A little piece of plastic there. It's exactly like a price tag tagger. And that's kind of holding it hemmed like that. And I could put like another one over here to make it so that it lays a little bit flatter. But yeah, I mean it it works. It does hold the the shirt there. And then if I needed to, I could just cut it off and then it's unhem. So yeah, I just pulled it out. And you can kind of see where was it? Yeah, a little hole in the shirt right there. But when I wash this shirt, that'll tighten back up. I don't know. What do you guys think? Would you use something like that? I am gonna try it on the pair of pants like I said for Jackson and see if it helps out because the like I said length perfect the waist way too big. And here's the little quote unquote stitch the little like tagging thing. You guys have seen these whenever you buy any sort of clothes. This is what holds the tag on there. But I just broke it in half because I took it out of my shirt. >> So we are just crossing these New Year's resolutions just right off our list. Just crossing them off one. Just one right after the other. Look at this. >> Who's Have we gone to a national park yet? >> No, we went on our our Royal Coran cruise. You wanted to do You wanted to do a cruise other than a Disney cruise. >> That's true. >> Check. >> Check mark. >> I wanted to put up all of our picture frames from from our Disney stays. >> It's like a half check cuz it's happening. >> The one of the shelves is partially up and we didn't print out the pictures, but we have the frames. We can put them on the shelves so we know on the shelves. >> Yeah. They just will have no pictures in them. They'll just have like the stock family photo. >> Yeah. Maybe I'll be like Mickey >> and like some guy. >> And then I need to fill these holes. Don't pay attention to the holes in the wall. >> I can't even see it. >> Can't even tell that it's there. Look. >> You just have to stand like that all day every day. It's >> so comfortable. >> Yeah. I mean, get used to it, buddy. Look at this precision. >> It's too much. >> Too much precision. >> Yeah. >> I don't think there can be enough. Look at this baby. Oh, Oliver. And then there's Jackson who was getting his eyes checked. And this picture is so funny to me. These kids. So Tim is placing the second shelf. I don't know if these are in the right place to be honest, but this is where they're going for right now. But I did go upstairs and grab all of our picture frames. So we have this one from Lookout Key. Alani, this one from Disneyland that I think we got this one at the outlet actually. A Disney cruise line that's in the shape of a ship. Discovery Cove. This one was from our Art of Animation stay, which I love so much. That was such a good stay. I'm going to link that down below. It was so fun. It was before Oliver was here, so it was a long time ago. This one from New Simra Beach. This one's from Universal's Endless Summer Resort. I don't remember buying this, but that was a fun stay. The Wish. Two from The Wish. We really love The Wish. This one is just Disney Cruise Line. The inaugural treasure. And then we've got this really cool one from Polynesian. I'll show you when we have it up on the wall. And then this one was from the royal tea party. Look at Jackson. Oh my gosh, he was so little. This was so much fun. >> Oliver fits into that outfit now. >> Oh yeah, Oliver does fit into this outfit now. I'm almost positive that we have more frames somewhere. I feel like we're missing some cuz I >> I swear we bought one from the Destiny. >> I think we did, but I also know that I got one from Grand Fian and I haven't seen that one yet. So I got to I got to find the ones that are missing. Yeah, I think it looks pretty nice. And I'm getting closer trying to get the light out of the shot. I think we got the spacing right. If we wanted to, we could add some like bigger frames in there. We still have like two frames. There's more somewhere, but we still have more frames that could go up here. But this is pretty full. I think eventually if I can find the other frames, I'd like to switch out like the ones that are not that are almost the same color as the shelf for more colorful ones cuz I feel like I like the colorful ones better in this space. Okay, good morning. It's the next day. Um I am wearing my ears. I'm going to figure that out. But uh and I'm ready to go to a theme park because we are going to go to Festival of the Arts. It's our first time going this year because we were on our Utopia of the Seas cruise on opening day. So, we missed opening day. That was actually the day that we left the ship, but there was no way we were going to be able to make it there that day. We We had a lot going on, but we're going to go today. But currently, Tim is um Oh, are you doing it? >> Hacking the main frame. >> He's in line. >> He's in line to get my tickets to Ulta Beauty World Expo, right? Is that what it's called? >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, >> anybody recognize that that reference Hack the Planet? >> Um, no. What's it from? It's from hackers. >> Oh, that makes sense. >> Angelina Jolie. >> Oh, she says it. >> No, the other guy. I don't remember what his name is, though. >> Matthew Lillard. >> No, the other one. His name is Zero Cool. >> Oh, no clue. Leave it in the comments down below. >> Well, I got to look it up. I'm going to tell you. >> But so, he's currently in line to get the tickets and or get a ticket. You You can only buy one ticket. But it's um it's very um stress inducing. It's very like an it's an anxiety inducing process because I guess last year it went like viral because people were leaving with like a ton of products and stuff. So I hope that we get tickets. But if we don't it's okay. But if we do and I go to the event, which I really fingers crossed hope that I can go to the event, I'll have a big giveaway for you guys actually because I'm sure I won't need all these products, but I just want to go and see it. So, and it's in April, so we have some time. But yeah, that's what's happening right now this morning. Sorry, I know people don't like when I walk around and vlog, but I'm pacing, y'all. I'm like getting nervous that I'm not going to get a ticket. So, that's what's happening this morning. >> Johnny Miller. >> What? >> Johnny Lee Miller. >> Oh, Johnny Lee Miller. They were married. >> Angelina Jolie and Johnny Lee Miller. Probably because of this movie. >> Yeah, I think they met each other on the on in the movie and they got married. >> Oh, >> I don't think it lasted very long. So, we How's it looking? What did >> Looks like nothing has happened. So, we have another friend who is also in line. So, we're like texting back and forth like, "Are you in?" I'm in. Okay, I'm in. All right. >> The only problem is it's still here and we have so many more dots to go, but like I don't have time to sit here cuz we still have to go get like Jackson after school if we're going to go to Festival of the Arts. >> Oh, no. >> I should have done this on my phone. That way, we could have taken it with us. >> Can you do it on your phone still? >> Well, yeah, but you'll be later in line. Okay. Okay, we're in the car now. Um, I forgot to bring the little camera, so we're on the phone. But it looks like we will not be going to the Ulta Beauty Expo this year because I think it's sold out. We're still We still have one dot. We still have not even one dot full. Um, we're in line waiting for our tickets, but our friend who's also in line said that she's been watching somebody like do it live and they said it was sold out. So, what the heck, Ulta? >> I don't think it is. I think that the website crashed and I think that >> it feels like it crashed. >> Yeah, it's it's crashed. It's if we made it one dot in 20 minutes >> and there are like 20 dots on the screen, that would have been a 4 and 1/2 hour wait and we got in at >> 1 second after the open >> 10:00 and 1 second. >> So, I don't know. We tried. Um, but I don't think you'll be seeing a an Ulta Beauty Expo vlog from me this year, unless it changes and I'll let you know if it does change. But right now, we're on our way to Epcot. So, that's going to be a different video. But, um, so be on the lookout for that. I don't know if that's going out first or this is going out first, but uh, I just wanted to let you know like what we were doing this morning. And did any of you guys get into the Ulta Beauty Expo? Let me know cuz I want to see. And if you did get in and you're going to be like showing it, also let me know because I would like to see what it is. Um, so yeah, but anyway, we're going to head to Epcot right now. Tim is listening to So for Patreon, we do have a book club and every month we read a different book. This month the Patreon members picked the book and they picked The House Witch, which is like a a fantasy. >> They call it humorous fantasy novel. >> Humorous fantasy novel, but it's very much like low stakes. Like there's not any big thing that has happened so far. It's kind of like a slice of life sort of a a book, but Tim's on chapter >> they've been on the verge of war for 30 chapters now. >> He's on chapter 47 right now and I haven't been listening to the book, so I don't really know what's going on. I only know like snippets that Tim has told me. But if you guys are reading the book, what do you think so far? We have our discussion. Well, Tim Tim will be in the discussion this month in I think next week or the following week. I think it's the following week. >> Yeah. So, he'll see you there. Maybe I'll pop in and just see what everybody's talk, you know, what they're saying. But >> I'm going to tell you my theory off camera cuz I think it's a good theory. >> Oh, okay. All right. But yeah, that's what we're doing right now. We're listening to the house witch and um being sad about not getting into the Ulta Beauty Expo. So, okay. Okay. It is a lot later. Um it's actually the next day, but I uh we did not get into Ulta Beauty World. I don't think I ever told you that. We didn't make it in. A lot of people did not make it in because I think they messed up like with their ticketing somehow. But I'm making dinner right now and I wanted to show you what I was making. Steaks. I got some steaks. These are This is not an ad, but we did get them from Butcher Box. So, I'm going to cook these up because Oh, and I'm cooking up the kids are going to have chicken cuz they won't eat steak. Sometimes they will, but sometimes they won't. So, I have some chicken that I'm going to heat up that I made yesterday. We've got some garlic that I'm going to put in there. Some butter. I need to make some broccoli. Got some fries in the oven. But uh but yeah, the Ulta World thing was it was just annoying because so many people were having trouble and I feel like Ulta I don't know. They probably could have like had a better outcome. I'm just sad I could I can't go, I think. But >> I think that the way that kids do things is so interesting because you and I, we would carry books down the stairs if we wanted to read books. Jackson just like slides them down the stairs and they make it like two steps and he has to go down and slide them again. Slide them again. And I'm like, "What is happening right now?" >> See my little >> Oh, dang. I probably should have done it a little longer. >> Yeah. >> That's okay, though. They'll probably be delicious. >> But okay, let me base this. Get dinner. >> Yes, sir. >> I have to read library books or not for eating. >> Hello, my name is Octacorn, >> a Paw Patrol book, St. Patrick's Day Rescue, and Bloop. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> All right. I wanted to show you the steak. I cut it so you can see. I think it turned out perfect, honestly. Sorry. I'm trying to get like a There's some light so you can kind of see it. Yeah, I think that's like a perfect medium rare. What do you think? >> I think so. >> Medium. I think it's medium. >> I don't know. You tell me. But I think it looks good. >> This is looks like a tasty. This is a meal fit for champions right here. >> Six French fries and a fillet. >> I also got like a whole bowl full of fruit. I was just joking around. >> This is what the kids are having. Chicken, fruit, French fries, broccoli. There's Oliver's. >> Tims. We are going to have some fruit along with our six French fries. The fruit >> or your dinner? >> Yeah. Thank you. Oliver, what are >> what do you have, Oliver? Yeah, bud. >> What does Snubble evolve into? >> Snubble. Is he the one that's always mad? >> Grub. Grumb. >> Grumble. >> No. >> What? >> Granble. >> Granble. >> Granble. >> Grandble. >> Did I not Did I not say gramble? No, you said >> I said grand. >> Oliver. Oliver, what do you have over there? >> Is that a surprise? >> Mommy, this steak is so good. >> Is it? >> Holy cow. >> M. >> Can I try? >> Of course. So, this is the first time that we got fillet from Butcher Box, I think. I think the last times we were doing ribeye, >> so I'm excited to try the fillet. It looks great. I do. >> Okay. Dinner was delicious. I have sun fries and and um and um chicken and broccoli. >> You do? Good job, buddy. >> Why do you have chicken in your hair? >> Oh, no. >> Chicken in his hair. So, dinner is done. That was delicious. We've been trying to eat healthier as far as eating like more um protein and tonight was full of protein. So, we did it. We did it. Yeah. But um yeah, I'm going to go clean up after dinner. The kids are going to watch TV before bed. They watch TV for like um a little bit >> 20 million hours >> for 20 million hours before bed. That's what Jackson I don't think they have a um a real handle on time yet. >> Yeah. Did I have candy? >> Oh god, >> you got to eat so much dinner left. >> I'll be right back. >> I think the universe is a funny thing cuz I was at Universal today filming a video that I think will come out before this. But when I was there, there was a kiosk outside that was selling Care Bear merch and I was like, "Does anybody know who Care Bears are anymore?" Literally, my kids are sitting watching Care Bears right now of their own valition. Like, they picked it. I didn't pick it. We were going through the stuff. We're looking for Pokémon and Jackson says, "Hey, look, Care Bears." And then we started watching Care Bears. So, they've been watching Care Bears. I think it's okay. From 1986. Ooh, we're packing today. We do have a trip coming up tomorrow. One thing that I'm always having trouble with is my toiletry bag. Like I get everything else packed and then I need to put the toiletry bag somewhere. And like by this point I'm run out of room. I think I got to figure that out. I think I can move this back here. This is just like a GoPro stuff. And then I've got the kids stuff also packed. Extra room in there. Maybe I'll put some of the GoPro stuff in here. I feel like if I could give you any tip for packing, it's this. Don't forget you have vertical space. Rather than like this, me stacking those like that. I can remember that I can stack them this way and then I got way more space if these are standing up in here than if they were laying down. So that's my little tip vert pack vertically. Same thing with these. I just stood them up and they'll fit in there just fine and it makes more space. Surprise, I'm on a train. So basically in this clip I was explaining that we're on to our next adventure, but the background noise was very loud. though, uh, you guys wouldn't be able to hear what I was talking about. Anyways, as I continue to say, we're on our way to the next adventure, and you guys probably saw on Instagram, if you guys follow us on Instagram or if you're on Patreon, what our next adventure was. And those videos will be coming out very soon. So, this was Jen and the boys first time on the train. And in this clip, I was basically talking about how we are enjoying the train and it's going really well. It's a very smooth ride. And I do recommend the train to those of you guys that want to travel between Orlando and Miami or Fort Lauderdale or West Palm Beach. So stay tuned for that video coming up. It's going to be one long video from the entire trip rather than splitting up into different videos. Uh but I think you guys will really enjoy it. So we are actually back from that trip right now. >> So like Tim just said, we are I'm working on that video currently. I had a little over 2 hours of footage, so it's going to end up probably being closer to like an hour and a halfish long video. So, that I'm hoping to get up tomorrow. If not, maybe we'll do a live show tomorrow just so we're not leaving you guys without videos for too long. But, uh, I'm excited for you to see that video. It was a lot of fun. >> Yeah. And the day that we got back, it started getting cold. As you guys can see, we're wearing sweatshirts. >> Right now, this morning, it was like in the in the low30s. >> Yeah, it was it was very cold this morning. >> For us, it was very cold. I know for some of the country, they're in like the negative teens. Um, which I don't know how you guys are doing it. There's no way I could do it. I can barely do this weather, but it has kind of like slowly gotten warmer throughout the day. >> Right now it's 54 out. >> Yeah, that's not horrible. But tonight we have an event to go to and we have to dress up and so I'm trying to figure out how to dress up in a way where I'm still going to be warm. >> Yeah. >> So, we'll see how that goes. >> I haven't even begun to think about what I'm going to wear tonight. I feel like for guys it's a little easier because if I have to wear like a dress like you don't have to wear a dress so you you can be warm in like pants and like a nice sweater. >> I think I need to dress warmer than that. >> Well, I mean but you're still going to be warmer than me. >> Oh yeah, that's true. >> But yeah, so we have to Anyway, that we that's a later us problem. >> Um and then another thing that was exciting that you guys didn't get to see is that Jackson started piano lessons. Oh man, it was so fun because he was a little bit like shy at first, but then as soon as the piano teacher like started playing the piano, he's like, "Let's go." >> He was And it was so cute because he does he takes like a minute to kind of warm up to uh to new people, some new people, I guess, but especially when they come to our house, that's something that's like kind of hard for him. And so he wasn't sure if he wanted to he's like, "I don't think I want to do piano lessons." But I I know that it's something that he was very excited about and also it was something that I knew that he would really like flourish, you know, in and he did he did a fantastic job. But at the end of the lesson he goes, I'm not shy anymore. He I I like my teacher and you know he can come back and um cuz it's at it's they come to our house do the lessons here and so it was just really cute like you know and we give him the space to be cautious. So like if he is feeling shy, we don't there's not I don't really know what other words to kind of use for that, but that's sort of like how we verbalize it is like, okay, we're feeling shy at the moment. And we let him have those feelings and, you know, take his time to really like warm up to people. And uh once he does that, you can see the change in his like, okay, I'm not like I'm I feel okay now with this person. And and I'm really excited for these lessons. And it was just it was cool to see him like progress. It was like a 30-minute lesson, so it was not a long period of time, but it was cool to see him like progress because he really did like the lesson. >> Yeah. >> He's already learned his first song. >> Yeah. And his teacher was saying that he is doing really well for his age and that he got to go through a lot in this first lesson, which sometimes he doesn't do in his other first lessons with other students. So, yeah, it made me feel like really proud of Jackson. I know that he's like musically inclined, but it was cool to see it in action, you know? >> Yeah. So, >> and I think it'll be interesting for him to like He also said that he naturally has the correct hand position. >> Yeah. He said that normally kids don't start with their like the arched fingers. They'll start kind of flat like this and they need to position them like this. And he was just doing that. >> Yeah. >> So, that was really cool to see. And um of course like we think that Jackson is is really bright and like takes to everything really quickly. But to have another person say like, "Oh yeah, he really is like doing a really great job." was awesome. It's cool to see him be so excited about something. >> Like Jackson doesn't have homework for school, but the piano teacher's like, "I've got homework for you." And Jackson has been excited about the homework. Like he's he's learning his song that he has to do. Not has to do, he's learning the song that he learned. >> Yeah. >> And so he's just getting better at it. And by the next time that Monday comes around, I think he's going to be able to show the teacher like, "Look, I did it." >> So, and I think we're going to get a real piano cuz right now we just have the keyboard, but I think we might get like an actual piano. >> Yeah. >> Cuz like everybody's trying to give a piano away on Facebook. >> Yeah. If you go to Facebook, if you're looking for a piano, >> boy, I'll tell you, Facebook marketplace, you click, you type piano in there, they're like, "Please take my piano." So, uh, cuz nobody wants to move a piano. We had at one point, I don't know if you guys remember at the old house, we had a piano and an organ like from a church. So, we had a friend who was like I think he was part of like a construction crew that was moving things out of the church. >> No, he worked for a uh a storage unit facility. >> Oh, that's what it was. >> And the storage unit had become abandoned >> and so or they were throwing it out. They just like put it next to the dumpster and he's like, "Do you want this thing? It's they're throwing it away." And I was like, "Sure." So he brought it like he brought it to us which we were like I mean yeah if if you can bring it here sure we'll take it. So we had an organ which was very cool and then we had a like a regular standup piano and we never used either of them. >> I know >> I wish we had >> and it stinks cuz like they're both gone now. >> I know. >> And now Jackson's like we're going to take piano lessons >> so now I have to get another piano. >> Which is fine cuz we'll get one on Facebook Marketplace >> for free. >> We just have to figure out where it's going to go. But yeah, I think that's something that's going to be really cool to see. and I want to see like what other instruments he wants to play. >> Well, that's what was really funny is because we're like, "You're going to take piano lessons. Are you excited for your piano lessons?" He's like, "Yeah, excited for piano lessons." Piano lesson day comes, he's like, "Actually, I want to play violin." And I'm like, "Well, if you learn piano." >> Yeah. And I'm sure that we I'm sure that we'll definitely get into other instruments, too. But yeah, I'm excited to see like what is the next one that he would want to do. >> Drums. >> Yeah. Oh gosh. Drums. It's I don't even mind the noise. It's like the space. A drum kit is like big. >> I know. >> Where would it go? >> Yeah. >> You know, so it >> has to go into his room. You got to make space in your room for your drum kit. >> M >> Well, you get him a little digital drum kit. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> Like an electronic drum kit, real feel, and then he'll play it in his room. >> You know, I there's every time we go on one of the Wish class ships, >> they got a digital drum set on there or like a electric drum set. Every drummer on the wish on the wish ships plays an electronic drum set. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Oh, >> cuz on the Wish class ships, there's a live band for Pirate Night. There's like a live band in the lounge area. What's that called? Like it has three different names on each of the ships. >> Jungle Cruise, if you will. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> So, like they're all playing. >> Interesting. >> I don't know if they're like, "This is the worst drums that I've ever played in my life." >> I'm going to have to ask. >> Yeah. >> Do any of you guys play a digital drum kit? And like what do you prefer? Let us know. >> Yeah. But uh but yeah, so that's kind of like what we did. Not this past week, but really the week before because this is like a today. We're today we're talking to you today right now, but the rest of this vlog was like a week ago. >> Yeah. >> So, um so yeah, we we did a lot of stuff. >> We did. We put up the shelves. >> Oh, yeah. >> We really started to work on our New Year's resolutions. So, that's something that I'm thinking I'm going to put our resolutions up in my office so that I can see them cuz I think what it is is we say our resolutions, we have an idea of sort of what they are, but then we never revisit them. So, we never really complete them, >> right? >> And I'd really like to seriously do the resolutions. You've been like on top of your like using the rowing machine every day. I got to figure out the timing of when I can get on the treadmill more. It's so easy to use because it's got the games and it's got like the TV and stuff. So, it really is like once you jump on it, you're like, "Okay, I'm doing it. It's great. I did it." But I have to like make the time to do it. So, I need to do that. And you've been doing really great. So, I need to >> I just set my alarm for 30 minutes earlier and then I uh get up and I row on my row machine. >> Yeah. I got to I got to do I need to get in that mindset. >> When I listen to my audio books for on Patreon, we have a book club. So, he finished the book, the last book, the one that we were talking about in the other part of this video. >> Yeah. >> And uh spoiler alert. What did you think? >> I'll talk about it in the book club. >> Oh, you didn't. But you didn't like it. >> No, it wasn't good. >> I will tell you this. I started Janette McCertie's new book and the writing, the difference in the quality of writing is astronomical. >> Oh, no. >> Between the book that was that we started with the house witch and Janette Mccertie. Oh, well, they're two totally different books, so >> I know, but like just >> the amount of feeling that you get from >> the reading what she's writing >> versus the other one's just kind of like >> the first one I read was kind of like and the next one's like >> what this is happening like there's like a a feeling, you know, I don't know how to put it to words, but >> Okay. >> There's a feeling that you didn't get in the first book. >> Interesting. >> Yeah. Well, so yeah, so we read the books. We we didn't get into uh ultra ultra ultra beauty world. Is that what it's called? We tried. >> I kind of wanted to go back and look and see if like maybe a ticket or two popped up. >> So I was looking online and a lot of people got in. So they got to that page where it was like it's sold out and then they refreshed and then they were able to buy tickets. >> What? >> Yeah. A lot of people said that that's what they did. I obviously can't do that now because that was like a week ago. But um kind of a bummer. I'm still excited to see if any of you guys got in and you're going to be like vlogging it or like filming it. Let me know cuz I will watch your stuff. I want to see it. So, let me know. Did you get in? Are you going to be filming it? And um >> or if Ulta wants me to go there and film it. I'll go. >> I'm sure you're like the top of their demographic. They're like, "Yeah, get this theme park blogger in here. Get him. Get him in there. He needs to be showing off this makeup." >> Yeah. I mean, I I want to go. >> We did a makeup tutorial one time. >> We did. Do you guys remember when he did my my Frozen Elsa makeup? >> Mhm. >> That was a fun one. >> That was an oldie but a goodie. Yeah, we put up So, we're going to be working on our New Year's resolutions. We're going to be working on printing out our photos to actually go in the frames cuz there are still no pictures in those frames. >> Yeah, >> just the frames. >> Still, it looks good, so I'm happy about it. And um yeah, we had a pretty good week. So, thank you guys for hanging out with us and for letting us have a couple of days off while we went on this last cruise. I think that's going to be it for the cruising for a while. >> Yeah, >> I think we've kind of decided that unless something really like fun and exciting pops up, I think that's going to be it for the cruising. I'd like to take like actual trips. >> Yeah. >> Whether it's like a road trip, a plane flight somewhere, something like that. So, you do have a trip coming up in February which should be very fun and different for us, >> but short. >> Yeah. It's not going to be a super long one. So, stay tuned. We have some things up our sleeve. >> Oh, >> but >> cuz we're magicians. >> There's literally a magic a magic kit. Oh, did you put it away? There was a magic kit on the table. >> Yeah. >> But, um, but yeah, thank you guys for hanging out with us this week and I will have the next video up here pretty soon and hopefully we'll do like a live show really soon. >> Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic week. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
