---
video_id: F82Lf4qnDLQ
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney Magic Kingdom Lightning Lane Challenge! No Planning, Day Of Purchase, What We Actually Rode!"
published: 2026-02-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F82Lf4qnDLQ
---
Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning from the parking lot of the Magic Kingdom. We're headed in today because there's not really a lot going on at Walt Disney World. So, we wanted to just kind of come and have a fun day at the Magic Kingdom. I did purchase Lightning Lane last night. And I wanted to also see like is it possible to even get anything done with Lightning Lane in a short amount of time with a Lightning Lane that you purchased last minute like this? Cuz they like now you can purchase it a little bit in advance and then you can plan out your day a little bit in advance. But I wanted to see what's it like if I plan my day out last minute. So I did get a Lightning Lane at 10:55, which is 10:25 right now for Space Mountain. We also have a lightning lane for Tomorrowland Speedway and for uh Undersea, the journey of the Little Mermaid or the Little Mermaid, what the the mermaid ride. And so I'm interested to see how it's going to work out and how it's going to go because after I ride Space Mountain, I'll be able to make another Lightning Lane for one of the big ones like Tron or for Seven Dwarfs or for Peter Pan. I don't know if those will be available this early. Also, we're only here until about 2 because then I'll have to go and pick up Jackson from school. So, let's see what we can get done. Let's go inside and have a good day at the Magic Kingdom. It doesn't feel like there's a lot of people heading into the Magic Kingdom today. So, that's nice. Like, I'm excited to see what the wait times are like. I've I looked at them earlier this morning and they weren't bad at all with the exception of the big ones like Seven Dwarfs Mine Train, Peter Pan, uh Tron, and then Tiana's was down earlier today. I don't know if it's running. It has been chillier lately. Like, I wouldn't ride it today. It is uh 67 degrees out though, so it is warming up nicely. Supposed to get up to 77 today. We'll see how it goes. Like I said, it's still early. 10:37 in the morning and it it is the 26th. Thursday the 26th. We're going to take the ferry boat cuz we like the ferry boat. So, let's go. Oh, there's one pulling in right now. Perfect timing. >> Getting on the Joe Fowler. >> Thank you and welcome aboard. >> Do you guys remember before I got on the ferry, I said it doesn't look too bad here. Oh, buddy. The lines are stacking up. A lot of people are either showing up right now or there's just going to be a lot of people in the park today. We'll find out. I'm excited to get in and like see what the crowd looks like. Just looking through the train station here. It looks pretty wild in there. All right. It's not I mean, we'll get we'll have a look at some of the wait times, but right now it doesn't look too bad. But the castle looks wild with all the people painting on it. We're going to get a little bit closer and have a look at what they what kind of progress they've made. Feel like this is a good sign of the times right here. It's all princess balloons and Mickey balloons. Although, a good measure for the crowd level is the line at Starbucks, especially in the morning. And I feel like that's a pretty good indicator for crowd level if there's not a big line at Starbucks. I'm going to show this to Jackson because he's been learning the piano. And look, here's somebody that just is playing piano for a living here in Magic Kingdom. I also wonder how often they have to tune this piano cuz it stays out here. Yay. I've been looking at this castle in the pink color for so long. The gray looks wild to me. Like real wild. But that's the color that it was before, right? That's what I'm saying. It's been so long I can't even imagine or like remember what color it was before. I'm going to look up a picture right now and just see. Yeah, that's the darker blue up top, too. Huh. I got to look at a picture. Yeah. So, it was the gray color that it's painted up there on the turret. The spires, like the points were blue as they are here, but then you can see they've started to repaint the trim white, whereas it was gold and pink for a while, and now it's going to be gray and white. At first, I wasn't sure that I liked the pink, but now I kind of feel like I like the pink more than I'm going to like the gray. I understand that's like the original color of the castle and I'm all for it going back to that, but I kind of like the pink. All right, from the castle, we're headed to our first ride in Tomorrowland. Let's head to Space Mountain. Because they're painting the castle, they have drained the moat around. It looks like they've cleaned it up. Last time we were here, we saw all kinds of fish and hats and bubble wands in there. This is clean. Clean. So, the last time we were down the bridge over there, it's kind of on the side of the castle. You can't see it through these trees, but there was a lot of stuff over there, but now there's nothing. It looks like they really like got out the uh the stuff. What are these tracks in here from? You can kind of see it like going in that direction. I know there used to be like the the keel boats in here, but they weren't on a track, were they? Was there something that was on a track that ran through here? Like a boat? As we're getting a little bit further into Tomorrowland, I just wanted to kind of give you guys a vibe check of Tomorrowland real quick. Just the crowd level and the amount of people, the feeling in here, the people mover going by, the trees, just a generalized feeling of the area. Checking in at the uh the merchandise booth here in Tomorrowland. And like this hat is wild. It's all embroidered and like little plush horns on Darth Maul there. Also, I should get this hat for Jen. She loves Monsters University. And I think I've got my Mother's Day gift sorted. So, I heard this story of this guy that one time his kid got him like a manatee gift and he was like, she's like, I don't know if you'll like it. And then when he got it, he's like, oh my gosh, I love manatees. They're my favorite animal. Thank you so much. And then from that point on for like 30 years, he got so much manatee stuff. And I'm thinking I'm going to make that Monsters University for Jen. I'm going to make I'm going to just get her like cuz she said that she likes the soundtrack of Monsters University. And I'm just going to be like She's editing this right now, by the way. So this isn't going to work. But I'm going to be like just buying her Monsters University stuff. And I'm going to get the kids on it, too. Get them buying her Monsters University stuff. She's going to have so much Monsters University stuff. She's going to regret saying that she enjoyed the soundtrack of Monsters University. All right, it's time for our first Lightning Lane. But before we do that, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat subscription box that delivers highquality meats and seafood directly to your door, so you can skip the grocery store and have premium proteins delivered right to your home. All right, we got our Butcher Box box. Let's open it up and see what we got inside. We got a bottom round roast. I'm going to put it in the slow cooker. We're going to make a pot roast. It's going to be delicious and I cannot wait. We also got some strip steak, some boneless strip steak. Every steak that we've ever had from ButcherBox, so delicious. We got some 100% grass-fed beef tips. Here's the thing that the kids have really enjoyed every time, the chicken tenders. And then the other hit with the kids, the chicken breast. This month, we got chicken thighs. I'm excited to see what they think of these. We also got some grass-fed ground beef. You know what? Butcher Box has really helped with dinner time with the kids. Having high quality meats stocked in our freezer has simplified our dinner planning so much with our wild schedule. One thing that has been amazing has been the flexible delivery schedule. If we need to adjust the delivery or what's coming is super easy to manage online. Plus, delivery is free. That means we can get what we want when we want it. So, if you're interested in checking out ButcherBox for yourself, be sure to use the down below or the QR code that's on the screen. and use the code the Tim Tracker 60 to get an additional $60 off across your first three butcher box orders. Plus, new users get a free gift in every box for an entire year. Right now, one of the choices for the free gift is steak tips and bacon in every box for a year. Bacon for a year sounds amazing. So, thank you to ButcherBox for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. All right, so we are going to go ride Space Mountain. The only problem is they don't allow me to have the camera out on Space Mountain. So, uh, I'm going to have to recreate it once we get out. I did want to point out the standby entrance is 40 minutes. We're going in Light Lightning Lane right now and it is 11:34. So, let's see. Let's see how long it takes us to get through Lightning Lane. The Lightning Lane line is flying through past the regular line. Took me like 4 minutes to Hey, how's it going? >> Good. How you doing? >> Not bad. >> Thank you. It took me four minutes to get to that first touch or the second touch point. Not bad. It was just walking. All right, we did it. We just rode Space Mountain. Uh my reaction this time I was trying to not make any noise at all. So, it was a little bit of like and I think I did okay. There was a there was a couple of times that a few like please squeakaked out, but for the most part kept his mouth closed, nice and quiet, which was funny because the people behind me were also not making any noise. And I was like, "Look at us. Am I like losing it?" Didn't there used to be a whole bunch of plastic balls down here? That's like a thing in Space Mountain. But there were balls in the bottom down there. They're not there right now. I think because it was like too enticing for somebody to jump in there. Look like a ball pit at McDonald's, but like space age. I have been looking for new uh chandeliers for the house. As we exit the ride, we're going through the gift shop, the Tomorrowland Launch Depot. And look at this construction walls back there where the the like Tron action figure experience was. And if you guys are unfamiliar with what this is, I did it when it first happened and it was awesome. I liked it a lot. It's like you go into like a little sound booth and you record sound bits and then they put those onto a little action figure and your action figure makes those noise. They also take your photo and then your face shows up on like a little screen on the action figure's face. All the Tron and it was cool. was expensive. I think it was like $90 or $95. Like I said, we'll put a down below so you guys can watch that video. And it's not here anymore, so you won't be able to do it. But if you're interested in learning about it, I have a video about it. Now that I've used my first Lightning Lane, I've stepped off into a corner to see if I can get another Lightning Lane for something. We'll find out. I can do Dumbo at 1:10. Oo, Haunted Mansion at 7:00 tonight. Small World at 12:55. Mad Tea Party 12:30. Uh, let's see. Anything good? Phil Her Magic? No. Monsters Inc. Pirates of the Caribbean at like 4. Tiana's at 140. Not really anything looking good. I'll have to get one of these upper ones here. I'll probably get Dumbo just to get it, you know. Dumbo at one. And then right now I have Speedway. So, let's go do Speedway. It's right here. Let's go. Yeah. We just came out of the uh Space Mountain gift shop and our next Lightning Lane is at Speedway, which the entrance is just right over there. So, that's where we're headed to. All right, we've made it over here to Tomorrowland Speedway. Let's do it. Let's see if we can race to the winning I don't know what's the goal of Tomorrowland Speedway. Is it to win the race? Cuz like, how do you do that? You're on a track. Oh, I meant to tell you guys my wait time for Space Mountain was 6 minutes. So, it was the 4 minutes of walking and then as soon as I got to the line that was there, they were like walking down the line being like, "Does anybody have a party of three?" And I was like, "I got a party of one." They're like, "Come to the front." So, I just walked right up and got on super fast. So, right now, Speedway says it's a 20-minute wait. We'll check in. I'll let you guys know what time it is right now. It's a It's right at noon. Perfectly at noon. We'll see how long our actual wait is. >> Thank you. >> Right at noon. So there's so there's a separate lane for Lightning Lane and it's this one right here, but the regular line is not much shorter. It does have a little bit longer of a path to the other ramp. All right, 5 minutes and I'm at my location to receive my car. No car there yet. All right, so I feel like I'm going to win this race, right? Look at me go. Oh no. Ah. All right, let me try to hold my hold my position with my knee here. All right, here we go. We're off. I am a like a professional race car driver. I'm doing good. Proud of myself. Proud of you guys, too. I'm right in the middle of the frey. You know what they say, Robin is racing. Woo! Right. It kind of just makes me want it to be Christmas time right now. It's not Christmas time at all, but I kind of want it to be because they do a overlay here for Christmas and it's lovely. You know what I want to try to do? Tell me how this sounds real quick. I'm going to do noise cancelling. Let's see if that helps with the uh the ridiculousness of the sound of the speedway. I'll turn it off when we get off the speedway because I feel like it might change the tone a little bit too much. But let me know what do you guys think. I did get new microphones yesterday. I haven't tried them out yet. They're the the the number three, the like next model of this. We'll see see how it goes. I don't even know if this camera will focus on the the castle back there. We're going to have to go down the side because you can see they've already done pretty much the back of it over there. Okay, I ran into the rail. We'll get another view of the castle from the back. I always thought like when I retire, I could get a job at Tomorrowland Speedway fixing the little cars, little lawn mower engines that are in here. But probably by the time that I retire, these will be electric. They're already talking about putting electric ones at Disneyland. I don't know why they wouldn't do them here, too. All right, just got off Speedway. Now I'm trying to find a nice little shady spot because it is hot today to get my next uh Lightning Lane. That's the idea is to always have three at a time. So I made my next Lightning Lane uh experience, but all the big rides are not until later tonight. So I had to pick some smaller rides, which is okay. So I've got Dumbo right now. I've got Mad Tea Party, and I've got Undersea with uh Ariel. So I'm going to They just told me that I can pick another one. So I'm We'll see. Hey, I have three right now. Let's see if I can pick a fourth one. Let's do small world. Will it let me? No. Okay, that was cuz I had one for Jen, too. And it was like, Jen can do one. Okay, so I had small world. So, right, I had Space Mountain, Tomorrowland Speedway, and it is not updating for the rest of them, but I do have those three that I just said. So, I need to get a bottle of water. I lost my water bottle that usually goes on my bag in California on the mummy. Actually, it came off. And so I'm going to go and get another water and then go ride a ride. So a lot of walls back here in Storybook Circus. And look, Minnie and Goofy are meeting out here. That's Barntormer Goofy. There's a little hidden Mickey right behind Goofy's knee there. I've never seen that before. You guys see it back behind Goofy's knee? Like right underneath his knee right there on the stones. That's neat. Yeah. So Storybook Circus, my next reservation is not until 12:55. It is now 12:30. So we've got a little bit of time. Let's do some exploring. I came into Story Bug a little bit to see how far back these walls go. So, right now it's around Big Top Souvenirs, but I'm wondering why they have the meet and greet out there cuz you can still get to the meet and greet, it looks like. Let's go look. Oh, yeah. You definitely can't get to anything. Oh, they put like a scrim around this. Can't even see the sign of for Pete's silly sideshow. Looks like a circus tent. Oh, Donald and Daisy leaving right now. I'll have to ask them who's coming back or when Donald and Daisy are coming back. They're right next to the bathrooms over here. It's quite a unique spot to meet Donald and Daisy. So, I'm gonna get in line and meet them. Here they come. Donald and Daisy >> saying hello. How's it going, Donald? You doing good? Oh, I like that. A little tip of the hat. How you doing, Daisy? >> Oh, there we go. >> Looking amazing. >> Perfect. >> Right. >> Yeah. >> Stunning. >> It's a picture perfect, >> right? So, you guys got kicked out of your your tent. >> Yeah. >> I know. Oh, you got the big top. >> Got to replace the roof. >> Oh, yeah. They're refurbing the big top. >> Got to fix it. >> No. >> The circus. >> Pete. >> Oh, goofy. >> Goofy. Goofy messed it up. >> That makes sense. >> With his things and his uh his motorcycle. >> He's clumsy like that. >> Understandable. >> Right there. We got him on the wall right now. The the the motorcycle in the wall. >> Well, yeah. But why too far? Went up to this guy and took down. Where are you guys? Why aren't there any ducks on this poster? >> They're right here. Where they are? >> No, I want You need to advertise that they're here. When they're not here, there needs to be a picture of their f Yeah. Get rid of Pete. >> Humphrey isn't even around. Where's Humphrey? >> He's eating, >> right? Is it okay if we take some photos together? Yeah. I absolutely love a good character interaction. That was fantastic. So good. But they're also back there kind of secluded, so you might miss them. Be sure to check and see if you can meet Donald and Daisy back there while their meet and greet is under refurbishment. All right, so we did we left Storybook Circus and now we are here at Little Mermaid. We're going to go on Little Mermaid cuz that's what time our next fastpass or our next Lightning Lane was for 12:55. We've got it. Let's get on. All right, the wait time says 35minute wait. It's exactly 1:00 right now. So, let's get in the Lightning Lane. We did it. Literally 1 minute of walk into the ride and we can already see the actual ride vehicles there. All right, 10 minutes. I really got in line at 102, but >> thank you. And now it's 110, so maybe like 8 minutes. Not terrible. Not too bad. All right, let's do it. Let's ride Little Mermaid. Now, I got to make sure I don't do any dancing while I'm on this ride. It strictly says no. Oh, that's just you're supposed to stay seated. Oh, kind of looks like dancing though, right? >> Silence. Wait, let me start at the Wait, no. What am I thinking? That's a terrible place to start a story. >> I love that like start with uh Scuttle there. He's like, let's start in the middle. That's a terrible place to start. I know. I'll start at the end. Wait, I can't do that. And then he says, I'll start at the beginning. I was born from a little egg. and he starts to tell his life story. That's a good gag. She's got the thing. She's combing her hair with the the who's it, the what's it, the thingabove. I also like the effect on this scene where Sebastian pops up in different spots. Like there he is over there, but then he goes down and he pops up somewhere else in just a second. Oh, he was back behind that magnifying glass. Also, Disney. I hope that with what you're doing with Tropical Americas or Villains Land or Piston Peaks, you put in a dark ride and you put in huge scenes like this with a ton of animatronics because this is what we want to see. This is what we love. Just give me another dancing turtle. That's all I ask. There she is. You guys remember when this ride first opened? Her hair was sticking straight up and then they decided to change it. >> So, >> what's this? >> What is it? >> You've come to a stop. H. Maybe it's that sea witch. >> She's right around the corner. >> Stay seated in your clamshell while I get to the bottom of this. >> Good news. Your clamshells will begin moving immediately. Stay in your seats now. >> Thanks, Sebastian. >> Now days, repentance and sweet. >> We're doing it. You're getting feats. That's what you wanted, right? >> Oh, that was a quick transition. I skipped a few scenes. See, try is happy now. It's all he needed was a quick wedding and he's like, "Yay, we did it. See you later, Ariel and Eric. Thanks for inviting me to the wedding." We made it out of there. I think my next one is Small World, so we're going to start heading that direction. All right, I think I have enough time to do the last two lightning lanes that I have. That is Mad Tea Party and Dumbo. So, we're going to go do those and then we'll have to leave to go get Jackson. At least I think I can get through two. We're going to try to. Let's see. As we're passing by Mine Train, I wanted to just have a look. I don't know if you guys can see it, but it's a 50-minute wait right now. We're not going on it, but I just want to let you guys know what the wait was. And it's only a 5minute wait for standby, but we have a lightning lane, so we're going to use it. See how it goes. See if it's less than 5 minutes. Probably not because it's just like the weight, the time that the ride takes to run. Perfect. Thank you. Oh, I got the dreaded chain. The chain means I'll be on the next ride, like the next cycle through the ride. I'm not going to go in right now, which everybody else that was in front of me is. So, we'll be on the next ride. Not too long of a wait, I'm sure. I didn't check my watch, though, cuz I figured we were going pretty much right on. I think this is going to be interesting because uh I'm in here by myself. So, I think that it's going to really whip me around. Either that or I won't. Either that or I won't spin at all. We will see shortly. We'll find out. So far, nothing. We're not really moving very much at all. Oh, I'm starting to spin a little bit. Oh, okay. Here we go. Let's see what happens. Oh, here comes the outside. Oh, a little bit of a whip there, but now I'm to the outside, so it might just even out. Let's see. Oh no, I'm going to the inside. Oh no. Oh dear. Oh my goodness. I feel like this is the most enjoyable that tea party can be, right? Like you're not really whipping too fast, but you are still getting some excitement in. Would you guys see my new hair stick up there? Here you go. You don't have to actually spin it. You can just kind of like hang out and let it do its thing. Let's do some noise cancelling here. We'll see how it goes. Yeah, this is good. I could I this is how I want tea party to be. I want it to be relaxing like this, but still quite quite thrilling if you if you do it if I do say so myself. Whoa. Oh, I didn't like that. The brakes hit hard. All right, I got like 20 minutes before I have to start heading towards the car. Let's see if we can get on on and off Dumbo in 20 minutes. Should be able to. Come with me as we go to Dumbo and try to ride one last ride before I have to leave. It's funny because to get to Dumbo, I have to go back to Story by Circus. I wish I could have ridden Dumbo when I was over there, but I didn't have the Lightning Lane for that time. All right, 20 minutes for standby, but we're going over to Lightning Lane. See if it takes us 20 minutes. We did it. Thank you. It is 1:42. See how long it takes us to get on. Hopefully, it'll be quick. So, the cast member here at Dumbo put this on my hand. and he like made me hold my hand out still and then underneath my hand he took the back of the sticker and like in 3 seconds folded it into this crane. And I don't know if you guys know this, but the cast members here have to wear white gloves. They did this all with gloves on. Like that is amazing to me. And it was literally 3 seconds. I'm going to pick this yellow one. The perfect Dumbo. A lot of cast members have been mentioning my shirt and I think they think it's a rock and roller coaster starring the Muppets shirt, but it's just from the Muppets movie. It's I got a D23 and it's all the Muppets riding in a car moving right along. But I think they think that it's from the roller coaster cuz it sort of looks like they're riding a roller coaster, right? Oh, we're doing it. Dumbo time. Let's go. I got to get up to the top. How do I go up? There it is. And I got to take a photo up here. Let's go. I was thinking I might be able to take a photo with Dumbo in it. I couldn't. No, it wouldn't fit in. But so it's fine. We're all at the top now. We're all in this at the top. Man, this is a good day. We did it. It's 157. Oh, 157 now. I have to start heading back to the car. Should make it. Let's uh make our way to the front of the park now. It's so funny because the easiest way for me to get to the front of the park is exactly the way that we've been this entire video through Tomorrowland. Still nothing much to report on Buzz Light your Space Ranger spin. Still working on it. Supposed to be open this summer. So, it's still winter. We got a little bit of time. A quick pass through Tomorrowland Terrace to use the bathroom. If you guys aren't familiar with Tomorrowland Terrace, great place to eat lunch. Slightly airond conditioned. And you got a view of the castle. I don't know if you guys can even see it through. Yeah, there it is up there. Right through there. When you're sitting down there, you can see it. I'm just going to the potty. As we're making our way out, friendship fair is happening and it got pretty Oh, I was about to show you the balloons cuz I was saying it was pretty windy and then the wind stopped. There it goes. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. As I'm closer to the front of the park here, family stopped me from Brazil and they said, "We're using your videos to learn English." And I said, "Oh, buddy, I better uh get better at at talking, I think." All right, there you go. That was our trip out to Magic Kingdom to just see how we did with Lightning Lanes and to see what was going on. A lot of construction. It was cool to see Donald and Daisy. We did get on quite a few rides, but we didn't get on any of the big rides except for Space Mountain, but like we didn't get on like Tron or Seven Dwarfs or even like Haunted Mansion. Couldn't get Haunted Mansion until later tonight or Jungle Cruise, things like that. So, if you're planning on doing Lightning Lane, I would suggest doing it much further in advance than the night before. But, it was still a fantastic trip out to Magic Kingdom. And all in all, a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. >> This is Jules Rodriguez. I'm from El Paso, Texas. And now it's time to pay the price.
