---
video_id: GsGpamvRpwc
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "What's NEW At The Disney Outlet Character Warehouse Vineland Location! Inexpensive Disney Souviners,"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsGpamvRpwc
---
Good, good afternoon. Is it morning? Still morning. Good morning from the Orlando Premium Outlets on Vineland. We're here because there is a Disney outlet here that in our opinion a little bit better than the other one. >> We haven't actually been to the other outlet in such a long time. So, one day we'll go back to that one and we'll we'll show you why we think this is the better one, >> right? But we're here today and we also like we're going to go to the Disney outlet. It's called the Character Warehouse. See what they have. We also are going to go into a few other stores because number one, we need to get long pants for Jackson. He's a tall boy with a skinny waist. So, we need to find the right ones. >> There's a children's place outlet here that we want to check out. And then, um I'm on the hunt for a pair of sunglasses that I saw. >> I just want to see if I can find like a dupe for them. >> Where did you see them? >> I saw them at Summerhouse. >> Let's go look. First spot to look for your sunglass dupes. The Gucci store. >> I think I think the actual sunglasses might have been Gucci glasses. I just want to see if they have them so I can see them more up close in real life and then if they do I can find I'll be easier for me to find the dupe. You know what I mean? >> Plus I think there's a sunglass hut here >> which is also expensive, >> right? >> But I just I want to see if I can find something similar in real life so I can like see them closer up. >> Right. Sunglass Hut for those of you guys that don't know is owned by the company that owns like Rayban. >> Yeah. >> So >> Lux Luxor Lux >> Luxada. >> Lux is that what it is? >> Luxaria. They like own every single sunglass. >> These sunglasses, >> even though they're like a different They're not they're not Ray-B bands. >> No, these are from Coach actually a few years ago. I I want to see if they have these in the Coach outlet. >> Oh, yeah. That would be a good thing. >> Oh, and I want to go to the Coach outlet as well to see if they have any of the Disney stuff. >> Oh, yeah. >> Who knows? >> You never know. >> So, wait, is this place open? >> The Gucci store is open. The door's wide open. >> Okay, I'm going to go in real fast. So, we went into the Gucci store and I don't know why. I just feel weird filming in there cuz there's so few people in there. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. Probably would have been fine. >> We took some pictures and we found some sunglasses that were like the shape that I was looking for, but they weren't the exact ones, but at least I know the shape now. So, yeah. And they didn't have any Disney stuff, so. >> And they had some really cool sunglasses for me, too. >> What do you think? Should he go back and get them? >> Should I get them? really proud that Marty McFly really made a name for himself. >> But I'm feel bad that he's got 70% off the entire store. Maybe he's not doing so good. >> Oh man. You eating some made good organic granola bites? >> I am. >> Oh, >> that's a little little midm morning snack. >> I like it. >> They're really good. >> Does feel good that there's like nobody here at the outlets. Hopefully there won't be like a huge line of people waiting to get into the Disney outlet. >> I feel like there always is. It doesn't matter what time of day, what day it is. >> There are stansions set up. Like there's no line. I can see that. But there are stansions just in case. >> I just want to pop in here really fast. >> Going to Carter. Yeah, I'd wear some of these. Take it breezy. M petite cherry. If your baby loves bananas. >> This is so cute. >> Oh, it's from Once Upon a Farm. >> Oh my gosh. >> Like a limited edition avocados and strawberries and stuff. >> Do they have his size? >> That's fun. Look, this is Winnie the Pooh stuff. This is adorable. Holy cow. Look at this. >> A little like sweater jumpsuit the poo stuff. I'm going to get this for Oliver because it's true. Heck yeah. >> This is a the perfect >> I'll take them all. How many do you have? >> Best bro seven days out of the week. Just a RZ. >> What's this one? >> Just like >> Oh, what's popping? >> What's popping? Jackson loves popcorn. That's like a movie theater one. >> What does it say? Oh, it's monster trucks. The smasher. That's not a real monster truck. >> It's nondescript monster truck. Love it. I'm going to get this one that says be cool to the planet though. >> I do like that one. >> Oh yeah. Look at that. For when we go to Utah, >> we're not going to Utah. But >> this Look how tall this is. >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. And like that's just that's too much. >> We're not going to go up that thing. >> I have the fear of tall things. >> We're going to look at it. >> Yeah. I don't even want to look at it. >> Really? >> Because we live tall in object. >> That's a real thing. >> Because we live in a place that is so flat. >> Yeah. >> Like this is worrisome. Oh, I like to use the word worrisome. Just noticed they have minions here and Bluey. >> Those are fun. And Zootopia and uh Oh, Monsters Inc. Oh, it's just Pixar. Okay, these are fun. Like the Cars ones. Oh, and more Bluey. This one's cool. Like a little stripey blue shirt. Here we go. No line. The Disney character warehouse. Wonder what characters we'll see in here. We're going to get in line and there's going to be a line. Watch it. Because it's cold outside, they said we got to put our sweatshirts out front and center. >> Actually pretty nice. 25 bucks. >> 25 bucks. They just got the big sizes though, it looks like. >> And you can also pin trade. >> What is this? >> This guy. He's like a a Professor Goat. Oh, he's um the guy from Wicked. >> I don't think he's actually the guy from Wic. >> What's his name? >> Duram. >> Yeah, that's who it is. >> I don't think so. There's Horus. I like this one. Is this like a little Jiminy Cricket? >> Yeah, he's so He's like a Tsum Tsum, >> but he looks a little like concerned. >> I like this one that says, "I'll be your Mickey." But the other one that goes with it is not there. >> They do have a lightsaber that you can get with the hilt here and the blade. The hilt $85. The blade 55. >> I love this one. So, the very first um stuffed animal that we got Jackson >> because Yeah, with the sleeping Pluto. Not not his first stuffy, but like his first one that we bought from Disney, >> right, >> was a sleeping Pluto. And this is so cute cuz it's a little sleeping Pluto. >> Oh. Oh, you know what I say to that? >> Good. >> Who's uh you know, I'm not like necessarily a huge Star Wars fan. I like Star Wars. Whose is this? Oh, >> Mundy. >> Kaya Mundy. There you go. No, the mini mixit. So, are these still are they still selling these? >> They are, but nobody's buying them, >> I don't think. >> Oh, look at this one. >> What is Oh, is the the Haunted Mansion winning the >> What are they? Gargoyle. >> I kind of love this. It's like a weird collab. Like a weird mix. >> Yeah. And you can put that hat on uh Christmas Clarbell, too, if you wanted to. >> What's this one? Oh, see he's got the honeypot, right? Is that a honeypot? >> What is Is it a honeypot? >> That's Peter Pan. And what? >> It's a wheel. Like a captain's wheel. >> Are you sure? >> 90% sure. That looks like a captain's wheel, right? >> It doesn't tell you. It's like up to you. It's artist interpretation. >> Captain's wheel. >> Could be anything. >> That's the >> Let us know. Wrong answers only. What is this? >> Okay. Wrong answer. >> Yeah, >> it's a Pokemon. >> I think he's like inside of an octopus. An octopus ate him >> and he's trying to get out. >> Yeah, just his head though. >> This is that scene from Ace Ventura. >> She got eaten by a starfish. Sea star. >> Se That's true. >> Yeah. Just like this. They said a duck. >> Don't they Oh, yeah. Don't they like shoot their whole stomachs out? >> I don't know. >> Maybe I'm thinking about uh sea cucumbers. >> Two things I'm afraid of. Tall things. Sea animals. >> Tall sea animals. Out of the question. >> $50. Remember when we went to Animal Kingdom? These were $50 plus your annual passholder discount, which would have brought it down to 40. So now you just buy it for 40 bucks here, >> right? You don't need to be an annual passholder. Why did they make so many of these? >> I don't know. >> It's very cute. >> The the figment sweater is here for $15. >> I'm going to buy one. >> All the Christmas stuff. Jollywood Nights stuff. >> I didn't have Look at this. Is the shirt from Jollywood Nights last year. I didn't buy it. I could buy it now for $13. Oh, no. How much is it? >> How much is the shirt? >> The spirit jersey is only $30. >> It's $13. >> Oh, heck yeah. $13. Look at me. I'm buying all my Christmas stuff for next year. >> Wow. >> Oh, the the Ali backpack. This is the Loungefly. Yeah, I think so. This one doesn't says 85. They're $40. Oh, the Merry Managerie from 2025 from Animal Kingdom. These are Christmas ornaments. >> One large. >> Oh, should we get it? That's for me. >> Really big. >> Yeah, because it's spirit jersey, isn't it? >> They're two sizes too big. >> Yeah, they're like Yeah, >> that's how spirit jerseys work. Is there a small >> or is this the >> No, this is the only only good smallest size left. There's only one. >> All right, I'm not going to get that then. >> I mean, it is very cool. Well, there you go. If if you're looking for large to XX, they have it here. This would be this would be the time to get it. >> If you just want Festival of the Holidays, too. Look, there he is. He's wearing the sweater. >> Oh, yeah. I love >> right next to the sweater. >> All right. I love it. >> Wow. So, how much was this? 15 bucks, right? 30 bucks for the spirit jersey. >> No, this is Oh, yeah. $15. >> Should I just get it anyway cuz it's only $15? No. Okay. I don't need that. >> That's where we get into problems. >> That's right. >> Cuz that's what I do. Don't do that. How much do these really cost to make if they're selling it for 15 bucks? If it was originally 80 >> and they're selling it for 15 and they're still going to make a profit on this. What's this thing cost? A penny? >> $5. This is the uh the bow line. Remember this was a big deal around the holidays. >> Oh, it's the kids one. >> Oh, it looks like it'll fit you still. >> I don't think so. >> Be a little crop top. >> That's a >> This one's $12 or $13. Think I could squeeze into these Crocs for $30? >> I do love those Crocs. They're so cute. >> Probably pretty warm, too. >> A >> your heels would be cold. For one more day, you could wear these. >> Well, it's going to get cold again, I think. Wo, there's that big bag. >> I don't understand this bag. >> It's big. It's So, it's 20 bucks. >> What are you putting in here? >> Uh, a Christmas tree. >> This bag is like a nuisance. >> Is it? >> I think >> I don't know. People seem to like it. >> I It's too big. >> Okay. >> Remember how I'm afraid of big stuff? >> Oh, yeah. Well, see, here's what it is. It the way that the Florida weather works. >> You have to layer up in the morning and you got a bag with you. >> Oh, >> take all your layers off. That's pretty smart. >> It's big enough to hold your like winter jacket. >> I just think this is too big. I don't like >> for when you have to switch to your tank top by 1:00 p.m. >> Oddly sized large bag. >> So, those are more of the the bow collection here. This is the back of it. >> Cute. It is really cute. >> This is the front of it. >> Yeah. For 20 bucks. >> Wow. >> I want this. You guys know I'm like really into Greek mythology right now, so this could be like my >> What are you going to put in there? >> I don't know. A picture of Hercules >> me. >> Oh, the Christmas party. Yeah. >> Oh, this is fun. A long sleeve. I need a long sleeve shirt. >> I don't have any long sleeve shirts. $8. >> I do like this. >> Holy crap. >> I'm not going to get it. But >> do they have my size? >> No. >> Oh, okay. Oh, never mind. >> That's the thing. It's all like extra large. >> Jollywood Nights. Is this the same one that I just looked at? >> I think so. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. >> They have more sizes than this. This is a medium right here. It's only $6. >> Wow. >> Wow. Look at this joy bag. >> This cute anxiety. >> Yeah. You know, >> makes sense. >> The opposite of joy, not sadness, anxiety. >> What is this? Oh, the the 25th anniversary of pin training pin. >> Oh, for yellow. >> That's fun. >> Five per SKU. >> A lot of them. What are these down here? Oh, a Darth Vader pin from Obi-Wan Kenobi. I honestly thought that we had worked through this like the last of the stock of masks a long time ago. >> Wow. >> But nope. Maybe they found a box hidden somewhere in a corner and they're like, "We got to send those out." >> Oh, wow. Look at these. >> Are these earrings from Bubble Bar? >> Yeah. And they're like little Look, you can >> Oh, they're like snow globes. >> Yeah. I was trying to see if they had like a You know what I mean? >> Are they working? >> Oh, they do. Look, there's some glitter. >> Oh, okay. Well, there's not like liquid in there, but >> No. No. >> Okay. >> Those are pretty. >> 20 bucks. How much were they originally? Does it say on the back? >> $50. >> Saving $30. Oh, they're very merry. >> Do we need a bag for everything? People like bags, >> you know. We talked we talked about this. >> Put these things. Do you have a bag closet for just your bags? >> We saw a lady that had like a Loungefly room, remember? >> That was from Dear and Darling >> there on Instagram. I actually really like them a lot. But yeah, she's got a lot of Loungefly bags, >> right? See, there you go. You're buying Loungefly bags. >> Well, I wonder if she has this one. If she likely, she should come here. >> Get it for 40 bucks. Here they are. These are the sunglasses you were looking for at Gucci. >> Oh, kind of. for the for their Star Wars branded. >> Whoa. >> You too could look like >> These aren't the ones exactly. >> These are the glasses that Qui-Gon wears in. No, none of them wear sunglasses. >> Why not? They have >> bright suns. They need sunglasses. Oh, these are fun. They're like stitch bubble bars. He's got kisses all over them. >> For Valentine's Day. >> For Valentine's Day. These are only $12.99. >> Not as like baly as the bubble bars. >> It's true. >> Ah, yes. Catch me meeting Mickey dressed like you didn't have to put his pants on there. >> One of you guys is going to have to change. >> Don't put your pants on the shirt. That's just a shirt. You can't put pants on the shirt. >> The heck? This is kind of nice. >> Yeah, this is cute. >> Like uh How much is this? Does it say on the tag there? >> It is 25ucks. >> I like 100 Acre Woods. All the Winnie the Boo characters. >> Cute. >> And there's some Hely Hansen fluffy jackets. Oh, this is a nice like little sweater pullover. >> Ooh. Oh, this doesn't feel soft though. >> How much is it though? It feels like she's wool. >> Yeah, it's super thick. >> Is it wool? It's $75 still originally. >> 120. >> What is it made of? Or does it polyester? Oh man. >> Is it polyester? Says >> faux. So it's not it's not real wool, but it feels very like woolly, but it's got this super warm pocket right here. >> I like that. It's like usually when I don't know. Sometimes when you get sherpa stuff like this, it's not as fuzzy on the inside. >> Let's see. >> Oh, this is cool. >> How do I look? You look pretty cool actually. It's a like a nice flat bill. Winnie the Poo. It's like upward. That's it upward. >> That's very fun. >> That's how the kids wear it. >> Oh yeah, it is. This is me right here. It's Chip and Dale 10K 2026. This is from Marathon this year. >> It is. >> Yeah, it's from 2026. >> What? It hasn't even happened. >> It does. It happened in January. >> Oh, this one did. >> Yeah, but like it's not much past January. >> Interesting. So, wait. >> Is this a raincoat? It feels like a windbreaker. Like it it wouldn't be fully. >> So it was 80 bucks on sale for 35. >> Jokes's on you. That's over my other jacket. >> What do you think? Do I look like a runner? >> Kind of do. Yeah. >> Did you see that? >> It's cool. >> It feels like Fort Wilderness, right? >> Yeah, it does. That's what I thought it was actually. >> Fort Wilderness. >> Yeah. I don't understand. It just happened. I mean, literally, just wait one month. >> They didn't sell them. >> They didn't sell them. I mean, they didn't sell these. They were like, "Have some left over." So, where are they? So, there's not another run. >> They got to sell them somewhere. >> Just Just don't don't buy it at regular price. Just wait. >> Oh, this is all of them, too. Look at this. 46.8 39.3. Is this Is this the like the >> Oh, it just says what they all are. >> What was the the theme of this? >> I have no idea. >> Oh, okay. >> Goofy's race and a half challenge. >> Yeah, it's like a marathon and a half marathon, right? That's the Goofy. >> Okay. I don't know. >> The baseball jersey. >> Yeah. >> Oversized stitch bag. 20 bucks. Best buds forever. This one's kind of fun. Look at this. They're like kind of like the pie. What is Does does Pluto have like >> glasses? >> Cool. Like hippie glasses? >> He's like a cool dude. >> He's like beatnick. >> So this is $12.99. >> Why do they only give Pluto glasses? >> Um >> he's >> I don't have an answer for that. I tried to think of an answer. I don't have one. >> The Helen pink one is cool. How much do you think? 50 bucks. That's not bad. Originally 115. >> Wow. >> So half price. More than half price >> for Valentine's Day. >> Yeah. >> I love this. So Monstrous University, I think, has the best soundtrack of any Disney movie. >> What? >> Yeah. >> Really? >> Hot take. >> What songs are on it? >> The all of the the marching band songs. I love those. >> Okay. >> I can hear it in my head, but I can't sing it cuz they're not like words. It's like >> they're also playing like the the the songs from Enchanted behind us. So like >> Yeah. It's hard. It's hard to do both. I love that. I would listen to that soundtrack. Okay, >> they should play it right now. >> I like this play in the park one. I do like this like Oh, we're doing newsies now. >> I like it. I like the soundtrack in this is what I want. Give me Give me your Spotify Disney uh outlet. I got some Pride stuff, too. Pride spirit jersey. Oh, a Tammy Bahami shirt. >> Whoa. >> Sorry. I call it Tommy Bahama. Tammy Beam. >> Here's his little hammock. >> It's a $75 still. What is this? Oh, it's a Disney Wish. >> Oh, you get yourself a Wish Turvis. That's from the Coke store that I worked at. But this is nice. >> This is nice. >> It's got worry-free locking, too. I'm a little bit worried about it cuz it's very like easy to do. >> This is nice. How do you clean this though? >> With a with a How do you get like in there? >> You can take that out. >> Are you sure? >> 60% sure. >> See, this is what I Now I look at this. Can this whole thing pop out? Cuz you got to get in there. >> I think it can cuz it's a different material. >> I don't know. >> I could get it out. >> Can you get it back in though? No, but I can get it out. >> That was the question that you asked. >> We got Halloween shirts, too. You know what they say, Halloween's just right around the corner. >> That's true. >> You can get your your >> Oh, we have this. >> Yeah, >> we I don't know where we got it. I think we got it on Amazon. >> Yeah, but I thought that these would fit me, but they're for children, even though it says adult costume accessories. >> Oh, look at this. >> Oh, the villains. This is what you could wear on the Destiny. >> Wow. >> What is this? >> 40 bucks. Um, I don't know. Is that Dr. Facilia? >> Is he like a >> It looks like a muffin. >> Evil muffin. >> Evil muffin. >> Oh, maybe that movie hasn't >> Oh, because it's something to do with like this is her thing, right? >> Oh, he curses bakery items. >> Yeah, that's what it is. >> And then um >> from what I've heard, is it the baby bottle? Maybe. >> What? >> Isn't this Hades? >> Does he curse baby bottles? >> Yeah, he made them poison the baby bottle. So Hercules lost all of his strength, but he didn't drink every last drop. >> Oh, >> so he didn't lose all of his strength, >> but he's mortal. >> I got to watch. >> You know, I'm really into Greek. >> I do know that. Yeah. >> Pumpkin spice and anything nice. 20 bucks. How much was this one? This one's only $5. Pretty good. >> So when you join your evil bowling league. >> Oh yeah. And you guys make muffins >> for the muffin. For the for the muffin league. What muffin league? What is this? This seems difficult. Am I right? Like this is the lid. 15 bucks though. Originally $90 and it glows in the dark. I'm not seeing like a Oh, wait. $75. Why does this one say 90? >> Am I like So, this one says 90. This one says 92 also. Where did But this says 75. What is happening right here? Who's in charge of the price? And why did it go up? Ah, this is so soft. >> It's so soft. From Riviera. >> I like it. You're true. I know. Home. Interesting. >> Yeah. What is the price of this bag? And why are there two prices that are more >> I don't know. That seems you can't do that, >> right? >> So, this this Riviera shirt is $15 >> for those Riviera stands. >> Yes. >> Feel like I'm on a search back here. $25, >> but like you can't you can't like this say how much it was at the parks, >> but this is the price. You like I'm confused. I would haggle that if I was at Disney. >> I would too. >> There's a t-shirt wall here >> for They got some holiday stuff, >> Stitch stuff, some villain stuff, and then pretzels and the Emperor's New Groove right there, too. They have also Valentine's Day shirts. >> So, all of those shirts are $7.99. They have adult sizes, youth sizes, but I like that they have a shirt wall now, cuz that makes it a little bit easier to shop, I think. But I I think that the store is set up in a way that's like more shopper friendly now, too. I agree, which is nice. >> We got one more spot we got to look. You didn't even mention the Riviera purse and wallet. >> Oh, is that Riviera? >> Yeah. Wow. This feels uh pretty terrible. >> It's Loungefly. >> Very plasticky. >> Yeah. How much is this? $35 for the small one. >> Yeah. And that that one is 40. >> Disney Beach Club hat. Look at this. Heck yeah. I love this. A little fun Disney beach called sun hat. >> Wow. Put it on. Let me see it. Oh yeah, you look kind of cool. Actually, >> I look like I'm ready to do some yard work. >> Oh. Oh. >> Oh no. The plastic bag fell out. >> Oh, shoot. Sorry. Oh my my Donald Duck Lab Boooo hit it. >> Um >> I love these hats. This one This one needs to be broken in. >> We have so many of these. >> I know. I'm not going to buy one. >> No, but this is cool. I do like it. >> But these are good. Like if you're going on vacation somewhere with the sun, >> it's a good one. This hat's only $12. Originally 35 $34. Oh yeah, the headband things. I feel like this is How much is the it at the parks? >> Um >> this is $12 for the band and then $4 for each of these. Oh, wait. This one lights up and it's only $4. >> I think you have to put new batteries in. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's rechargeable, though. >> Oogie Boogie and uh ham. >> Ham. Yeah. Best friends forever. >> I love it. >> Well, they have Jack and Sally though. No, he always >> and Oogie Boogie. I like how Ham's the only one that's not from Nightmare Before Christmas. >> Is he like the least favorite Toy Story character? >> What? Why? >> Cuz he's here at the outlet. >> He's like, "It's too late. We got to go around the horn." >> Nobody else is here. Does this one smell like strawberries? >> Lots here. >> It does. >> Smells like strawberries. >> Yeah. Smell it. >> Did you smell it? >> I smelled something. >> 15 bucks. Originally 40. I like seeing Oh, I didn't realize that this thing has a big long strap, too. >> Oo, >> that's fun. >> So, I wish that he wasn't the bad guy. >> Yeah, he was like a, you know, >> I know he was like misunderstood, but like I I got left behind. I really like him, but I don't want to I don't necessarily want to wear a purse of the bad guy, >> right? >> He'd rather wear a hat of Olaf. >> It's true. >> I like that they did this like a marble run. If we were still into marble runs, we're not into marble runs anymore. >> I mean, I we still we just haven't pulled it out in a while. I've been rotating the toys. >> How much is it? $35, though. See, you didn't give Russell pants. >> Oh, that's true. >> Everyone knows that Russell doesn't wear pants. >> What? >> Oh, a Nubnub hat. >> Little kid's nubnub hat. >> Is he Who's he? >> He's a He's a young Jedi. >> Does he look this cute in the show? >> Yes. >> Oh, he does. >> It's perfect. >> How do I look? >> Yeah. Great. >> Num's big fan. >> Yeah. You sure you're not a Tonton's biggest fan? >> No. Isn't this a like they break they live in his body? >> Well, Luke in order to not freeze. >> Yeah. >> After the it dies cuz it's cold. >> And so he cuts it open and lives inside of it for a night. >> I think I like this guy. >> Kept him lukewarm. >> Oh, Boba Fett jetpack. That's kind of fun. >> My backpacks. Got jet >> dedra. You need a You need an R2 uh waist pack. That's huge. >> So big. >> Really big. >> Wow. Lots of Star Wars stuff back here. >> I think this is the Star Wars. >> Also, Vader, no pants. >> Oh, gauntlet communicators. >> So, are they walkie-talkies? >> Yeah, maybe. Includes two gauntlets with light, droid projection, sounds, and communication feature. >> So, it's a >> Is it a walkie-talkie? Oh, yeah. 2.4 GHz. >> I did it. Walkie. Oh, a gauntlet from the Bad Batch. That's fun. >> 15 bucks. >> Yeah. The less expensive. Is this puzzles? >> Four puzzles. You know what pirates love? Staying hydrated. Pirates of the Caribbean. >> They say, "Where's the water?" >> Where's the water? >> The water's gone. What does he say? >> Yeah. What? They got a lot of these mix it minis. Mini mixits. Here's Donald with a rocket ship on his head. Who are these people? >> I'm so confused. Is this if if Sven were a person? >> Oh, yeah. This is what Sven would look like as a as a teenage boy. >> He'd wear a a Sven li boooo on his bag. >> Oh, yeah. And um >> like a mountainy puffer jacket. >> Why does he have blue in his hair? >> Cuz you know >> Elsa surprise inside. What's a surprise? >> Oh, he has these ears. That's fun. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Or is he just like >> I think it's just like a normal person that like is bounding. >> Oh, is that what it is? Okay. >> Oh, glows in the dark, too. >> Wow. >> Okay. >> Very interesting. All right. So then this is uh the outfit for Dr. Facilia. Like if he was in just like street clothes, like regular clothes. >> Dr. F. >> H. Interesting. >> How much are they? Four bucks. Five. >> He looks pretty cool, actually. >> Oh, that's him without the blue in his hair, though. >> Oh, I see. Okay. >> So, yeah, five bucks. If you want the doll, it's seven. >> Okay. >> Interesting. >> Hey, there. It's a pouch. Oh, it's like an art kit. >> Okay. We We've gotten a few of these from here. The quality isn't great, but it's it's nice to have like on a trip, you know. Here you go. This one's $13. Oh, it's a 2 and 12 lb weighted Oh, >> 2 and 12 lbed weighted yet weighted Yeti. >> So, this plush provides endless relaxation for you at home and beyond with a removable 2 and 12 lb weighted pouch. >> Okay. Oh, look at you. You look relaxed. >> Wow, that's interesting. >> Endless. Oh my goodness. >> You'll never not be relaxed now. >> It's very cute and soft >> and heavy >> and Yeah. So, >> you want to do some some working out >> right here? Do some curls with your Yeti. Yeti curls. >> Oh, yeah. I do have two and a half pound weights at home. >> Yeah. >> See, this makes it more fun. You want like a whimsical workout? >> Yeah. >> Just buy two of these. >> Buy two yetis. >> Yeah. >> And throw them around. Get three, juggle them. >> This is like a corduroy uh orange bird lounge fly for $40. >> I like the colors on this. It's like a muted muted. >> Yeah. >> Look at this. What is it? >> It's like a a keychain. Like you got two pouches. So there's a pouch >> and then the head is a pouch too. It's getting like kind of wild in here. I think we're going to have to leave soon. >> A line is going to form very soon. I feel like >> this is cute for like you know little What would you put in here >> of one quarter? >> Your anxiety medication >> for a lot. These were like you couldn't find them in the parks and they were like a big deal. They sold out right when they came out. Power limes. Sour lime taffy. Never tried them. They're $3 here still. >> We have We have some. >> We do. >> Yeah. You got You got one from something. There's a little version. It was like maybe this big. >> I'll have to eat it. >> I don't know where it is. >> Oh, gone. >> Like a Disney Eats burger phone case. >> So, I think this is from the same line when they had the hot dogguns. >> Oh, okay. Yeah. >> For eight bucks. >> Disney Cruise Line Captain's Hat, Mickey ear, Santa hat. It's like a lot of crossover here. And they just have the Mickey ears with the Santa hat, too. These are $10. Oh, $15 for the hat. $10 for just the ears. Just a quick overview of the entire store here. Let's give you guys a good lay of the land. And all right, here it is, folks. Probably the weirdest thing I've ever found at the Disney outlet. These are water bottles for groomsmen. >> Oh. >> At a Disney Fairale wedding. Yeah. plastic >> clear water bottles >> for your groomsmen for $8. There's a whole lot of them. >> Wow. >> Like so if you have 15 groomsmen, you can come here and get water bottles for them. Oh, this one says groom. Look at that. One in one in a million. Maybe not a million, but like you know. Oh, and this is also a cake cake cake topper for fairy tale weddings or for like a Disney wedding. She's got a couple of those, but I don't see the price of that. Oh, is this one doesn't say it was originally $90. This was I'm sure was the $7 thing, but it doesn't say what this one was. We do have a pressed penny machine in here with just some like nondescript things. But this is interesting. They have the four parks in collectible medallions. And I like that it's Donald and Daisy doing this heart thing at Epcot. >> That's cute. I kind of like this though because you can have things from the parks without spending like the money to get into the parks >> cuz coming here is free, >> right? >> So if you want like a, you know, a park souvenir for maybe like your friend back home, you can get it here. >> We do have to mention that surface parking is free. There is a garage here that you have to pay for. >> Do you still have to pay for it? >> That's a good question. We've never ever parked in that garage. >> Years ago, you had to pay for it. When I worked here, actually, that's where I parked. You didn't have to pay for it then. And that was many years ago. But do you still have to pay for it? >> Good question. Feel like we should know this as residents. >> But we don't use that one. Don't use that one. >> Don't use it. Just do service parking. >> Tracker tip. Park in the free parking. >> Do park for free. It's uh it got louder and busier here. It's like almost noon now. >> Go to the lucky store. >> Fun fact, this is where I worked. >> Oh. >> In the outlet mall. I worked here >> at the lucky store. But you said it was our lucky day. >> It is our lucky day. >> Oh, Grateful Dead stuff. >> Teeny time. Oh no. >> All right. Next stop is the sunglass hut. >> I just want to see if they have something similar to what I'm looking for. >> Truly, they got a lot of different brands of sunglasses in here. It's a whole hut of sunglasses. >> Yeah, you look pretty cool. >> This is similar, but not quite them. >> Okay. I love a Ray-B band. >> Can I pull this off? Is this something I could wear? This stuff. >> I think so. Maybe a thicker frame though. If they have thicker. >> Okay. See, I was always a fan of the Club Master, but I don't think I could ever like I have a pair that are like this, but I just don't think they look correct on me. >> These are like a smaller version of what I'm wearing today. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They look cool. I like that they don't go like the tinting doesn't go all the way down. >> Yeah, it's like this. >> You can get the different color lenses in any of these. So, try those on just to like see the shape. >> But I don't want to pay Ray-B band prices. I want to pay maybe $20. >> That's wo. >> How small? Oh, yeah. These are too small. >> They're too little. I wanted sunglasses. >> Do you know what brand these sunglasses are? >> Cuz I'm not sure. >> I'm not sure if I can tell if anybody will know. >> Like, how would I know? >> It says real big across my face. Every person that came up to us in that store, like every uh employee that came up to us was like, "We got Oakley's back there. Are we like Oakley people?" >> I was trying on like those >> Oh, we were trying on like the Vipers. >> Yeah. Is that what they're called? >> That's that style, I think, is a cool name. Yeah. So, we were looking for stores on the interactive thing and we noticed that there's going to be a Primark coming here. Like, is that a Primark outlet? >> Isn't Primark already like discounted prices? >> Going to be 5 cents. >> I don't know. I'm saying no, don't take this. I've just made that word up. I made the price up. Don't Don't come here thinking you're going to get things for 5 cents. Have a look inside. Janie and Jack for the kids, you know. Wow. Could you imagine Jackson wearing this? >> Oh my gosh. All these little kids playing tennis. Who knew that tennis was such a baby's sport? >> There's There's Sneaky. >> Oh no, Sneaky the dog. >> This is nice. >> I love this so much. How much are these here? >> I like >> 55. It's on sale for 55. Oh my goodness. I like these. >> So adorable. >> Like little swim shorts. >> They're really cute. >> Bananas. My arch nemesis. Look at these sunglasses, too. >> Oh, I like this. >> I just wish it wasn't so expensive. >> Do they Is this like Two different sizes, too. That's fun. >> A >> You don't want sharks on your shorts. That'll attract the sharks. They'll be like, "You're a fan of me. I'm coming." This is the the the club masters for babies. >> Oh, that's really funny. Those are cute. >> Oh my gosh. Look at these. Oh my gosh. >> What are they penny? >> These are so cute, man. So, we I think we've come to like the end of our of our shopping day. I do want to go into Coach just really quick before we leave so I can see if they have any of the um the Disney stuff or just anything interesting. I have a feeling they won't have the Disney stuff cuz I think we've looked in the past and they didn't have it. >> Right. >> But I'm taking applications for somebody who will come shopping with me all day. >> Wo. >> But I might not buy anything. I just love to look. >> Oh, okay. >> Who will spend at least 8 hours with me? You won't. You won't. >> I can't. >> But you you even wouldn't though. >> I would. I need somebody >> enjoying myself right now. >> I need somebody who's a liloo like me. Don't want to spend money, but you just want to look at things for eight hours. >> See, I want to spend the money. >> Who wants to do that with me? Leave it in the comments down below. >> I found it. >> What? >> The weirdest place in the outlet malls is here. The bathroom hallway at the food court. Inside my bathroom was a vending machine that sells sunglasses, deodorant, chapstick, perfume, and things like that. >> Like my sunglasses that I want. >> No, like $4 sunglasses. >> But then this vending machine right here sells baseball cards. >> Really? >> And Yu-Gi-Oh? No, not Yu-Gi-Oh. And like uh Magic the Gathering cards. >> Ooh, >> weird, right? >> That is weird. >> Can we buy some? >> You want baseball cards? What are you hoping to get? >> Um, Babe Ruth. >> Babe Ruth. As we're passing through the food court, I wanted to show you guys what there is here. Burning mouth. >> What's that? >> That's a Nashville hot chicken. >> There's another Starbucks in here. There's a Charlie's uh Shake Shack. >> Are you missing the um what were they called? Were they called Beijing Strawberries from whatever food? What? One of the Epcot food festivals. >> Yeah, Tang Hulu. >> Get them here. >> Yeah, they got candied fruit right there. Look at that. But also, I don't know you want to eat somewhere that just says danger everywhere. Still zero line to get into the uh the Disney outlet. >> That's pretty surprising. >> 12:16 on a Wednesday. It's 12:16 on a Wednesday. >> Oh, what's the temperature right now? >> Uh 68°. >> So, it's it's jumped up quite a bit since we've been here, and we haven't been here that long. >> Yeah. >> But also >> warm enough to take your jacket off, but cold enough in the stores to leave it on. >> Right. I can't remember the last time we came here, and there was not a line at the Disney outlet. Right. >> So, this is like seriously our lucky day. >> Oh, yeah. So, we're headed over past Steve Madden to Coach. I don't know what it is about the bag stores. I feel like I can't film in there. We're going to go and have a look see around. See what we see. >> Yeah. Everything's full price though. >> Yeah. So, these are the would be the same prices that you would see >> at Disney Springs, right? >> But I do like that bag. >> Plus, I didn't realize they had a Lululemon outlet here. >> Yeah, we've been in there. >> Oh, we've been in there before. >> Yeah, we went in there maybe like a few times ago. >> Okay. >> I want to see if they have Actually, no, I don't. I don't need it. You don't need it. >> I was going to see if they had my leggings that I like on sale. >> Oh, >> but I feel like they wouldn't have just like plain black leggings. That wouldn't make sense. >> They're in the in the window right there. >> But like, let me see. All right, so we did pop into Lululemon just to see about the leggings. That place is like, you want to have an anxiety attack, go in there. >> Yeah, >> that was too much. So, um, I chose to leave. But then we've also found the children's place outlet in which we were looking for the long like the tall pants. And every time we've been asking everybody, they're kind of confused. So, is it not like a a normal >> tall kids out there? >> I mean, I find them at like other like Target and stuff will sell different lengths for kids, but um we didn't find them here. So, if you're looking for that, you might not find it here. >> Yeah. >> But we had a nice little wander around. >> It was good. I like seeing the different stores. I like seeing what was available. >> I like going into the Disney outlet and seeing like >> it without a lot of chaos. When we first got there, it was nice. It was kind, it was really strange that there wasn't a line. We even met one of you guys and you were like, "Oh, long lines." And we were like, "There's no line." I know. And even you were surprised. So, right. >> Yeah. Some days there may not be a line. You just, you know, you got to get lucky. >> You never know. Lucky. It's a lucky day. So, all in all, it was a fantastic trip out to the outlets. With that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Heat. N.
