---
video_id: LkQ1sCkgD_o
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Real Life At Home, Trying A New Recipe & Seeing The Mario Galaxy Movie! | Home Vlog!"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkQ1sCkgD_o
---
Good morning and happy Monday. So, yesterday we came home from the tree houses. Today is Monday and now it's back to regular life. We're not at the tree houses anymore. Sad day. >> Down on the ground. >> What do you think, buddy? Did you have fun at the treehouse? >> Yes. >> What was your favorite part? >> Um, >> you just like to look at yourself. >> No, I like playing Pokémon Violet >> in the treehouse. >> Yes. >> Okay. Well, there were lots of fun things that we did at the treehouse, but I guess his favorite thing was playing the video game. So, what did you like? Did you like riding the bike? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Did you forget about that? >> Yeah. >> Oh, what about the pool? >> Uh-huh. >> What about seeing the animals? Remember we saw the squirrels and the birdies? >> Oh, yeah. >> See, there were so many fun things. We forgot about all those fun things. It's like when Jackson comes home from school and I'm like, "What did you do at school today?" And he's like, "Nothing." But then he'll tell me like really cool stuff that like he actually did or I'll talk to other moms or, you know, and I'm like, "Oh, they did this really cool thing." And kids don't remember what they did. But we did have a lot of fun at the tree house. I'm going to link those videos down below if you didn't see them. Today we're just kind of hanging out at home sort of like resetting the house because um normally >> writing on a paper. I'm writing a a grocery list. >> Tim is making grocery here. Let me show you >> my name. >> You want me to write Oliver? >> We have to get an Oliver from the grocery store. >> Oliver. There it is. I didn't write it very good. >> Oh no. >> There you go. Oh jeez. >> Oh brother. Oh no. Don't nobody look at my hand. >> So normally I like to like clean the house before we leave. I like to do the dishes. I didn't do that this time. We were only gone for 2 days. I like to make sure all the laundry is done. I didn't do that this time. So today is going to be like a reset. We're gonna kind of clean up this messy kitchen. The kitchen is the area where we are the most and it's kind of like our drop zone. Like we just kind of drop everything here in the kitchen. So, the kitchen is always messy, which is fine. That's real life. Real real life is messy. And so, yeah. So, that's something that I want to try to clean up today. We also did a lot of coloring. So, the table is a little bit messy right now, too, with all of our coloring stuff. Jackson's writing a book. So that's his book that he's been writing, you know. And then we were having a pretend sleepover over over here. So we just we got some little messy messes to pick up. What do you think? >> Should we do that? >> Yeah. >> Oh, we should. Good. I like that answer. That's a good answer. >> We can use these ingredients to clean up the floor. >> We can use those ingredients to clean up the floor. That's true. We got them this for Christmas. this like little cleaning set into Oliver. >> You turned back into Oliver. >> Wait, what were you before? >> Bowser. >> Oh, you were Bowser. I didn't even realize you were Bowser. >> Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. What? >> Bowser. You I was really Bowser Jr. >> Oh, you were? >> Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. I didn't even realize it. I'm sorry. I thought you were Oliver this whole time. Didn't even know he was Bowser Jr. >> So, okay. While they go to the grocery store, I'm going to finish editing the last treehouse video. I'm going to link those down below. Hopefully, you watch them. Um, if not, they will be linked for you to see. Yes. >> Can you get Can you get an ingredient that you like? >> Can I get an ingredient that I like? >> H >> I want you to use the mop. >> Oh, you want me to mop? Okay. >> Dad, I'll use the mop and you use the broom. Okay, I'll do the broom. >> So, use the Oh, yeah. >> Okay. What am I going to What am I sweeping up? >> Oh, >> just everything. Yeah, that's that sounds about right. >> Or I did it. >> Oh, you got it. >> Yeah. My mom. >> Oh my goodness. You did get it. Wow. Good job. Thank you. Okay, so Tim is at the grocery store with Oliver and they are getting some groceries for the week. Tim has a movie to go to tonight. So, he's going to go see the Mario Galaxy movie. He got invited to like a preview for the movie. And um so he was getting stuff for dinner tonight. I have to figure out what I'm going to make. I think I'll probably do tacos cuz the kids love tacos. It's fun. It's easy. And they will eat it. So, we're going through a bit of a picky stage right now with everybody. And um that's one thing that they will both eat. Also, I'm going to make some breakfast. I just finished editing the video for the day. So, the treehouse video, the second day, our checkout day, is up. Hopefully, you guys have seen that. If not, I'm going to link it down below so you can watch it. And then, uh, I'm going to make some breakfast cuz I haven't eaten breakfast yet. And I have to clean up this kitchen. I think when Tim gets back, it'll be about lunchtime. So, Oliver will do lunch, go down for his nap, and then well, I don't know. We'll figure out what we're going to do after that. I don't know. and just see where the day takes us, I guess. But as for me, I'm going to make my breakfast. I got my eggs and stuff ready to go. I'll show you that in just a second. All right, here's a little look at my breakfast. I just made three eggs. I put them on this tortilla. It's probably too many eggs for this tortilla, but uh we're going to try to make it work. All right, guess who's back? And guess who's helping me eat some of my eggs? What are you eating? >> Eggs with ketchup. >> Okay, no. >> Oh, no. No, no, no. >> Do you love them? Okay. >> Okay. Okay. Oh no. >> He still doesn't really understand how to use a fork. >> It gives me so much anxiety. >> Jen, while I was at the grocery store, Oliver pointed out this Pokémon magazine and it came with a free set of cards. >> So, you know, tonight will be the night. >> Bubble Mew. >> I think he's in these Fantasmal Flames packs. >> That's where Bubble Me is? >> I think so. >> You want to rip it? It's only three of them. >> No, I want to let the kids do it. >> Oh, okay. >> Okay. It's a lot later. I edited the video. I uh Jackson went to school. He came back. He had his piano lessons. He did great, by the way. But he did get He did say that he's like, "Piano lessons are boring." >> Well, it was like before and then when he got into piano lessons, he was like, >> but it made me nervous because I kind of was like waiting for this day to happen. I don't want it to happen, but I was like, I wonder if he's going to like not be into piano lessons. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. which I'm kind of bummed about because he >> I'll tell you what happened. >> What? Sorry, I'm looking I'm also trying to look up a recipe for dinner. I'm gonna make some uh baked chicken cutlets, like breaded baked chicken cutlets, and I'm trying to find a recipe that's I just need to know how long to cook it in the oven. And all these recipes are like This one's wild. It wants me to put mayonnaise on them. >> Have you ever done that? It says Somebody in the comments said it made all the difference. So, what do you I'm so confused. Season each. Dip it into the wet mixture. Where's the mayonnaise? >> So, here's what happened with Jackson. >> Oh, you mix it into the egg. You mix egg >> and Dijon mustard into the egg mixture. That sounds interesting. Should I do it? >> Sure. I mean, no. >> Maybe next time. >> Okay, I'll try it next time. >> So, here's what happened with Jackson, right? On the way to school this morning. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about Pokémon. >> Okay. >> And he was all excited about Applin. >> Yes. how many apples he's collected on Pokémon Go, which by the way, two. >> And then when he got back in the car, he said, "Dad, did you check which apples I had for Apple?" >> I said, "Okay, >> sorry, Jen was struggling." Okay, so and then as soon as he got Oh, I'm not done. Do you like to put your Do you like to make your um your aluminum foil the same size as your pan or do you just let the overflow just like hang off the sides? >> Let it fly, baby. >> No, I do not like it when it's hanging off the sides. >> Okay, so here's what happened with Jackson. On the way to school, he was asking about apples. He wanted to know how many apples he had in Pokémon Go, which is a way to evolve the apple, and you need so many apples. And there's three different kinds of apples: tart, sweet, and syrupy. And so he was wondering that, and I said, "I'll look it up while you're at school." Soon as he got out of school, he's like, "Dad, how many apples do I have?" And so I looked it up. He has one sweet and one syrupy. And then we were talking about Pokémon and he got excited about Pokémon. Then when it was time for piano lessons, he didn't want to do piano lessons. Cuz he wanted to play Pokémon. >> Well, I mean, >> I said, "You're going to play after you're done with piano lessons." He said, "No, piano lessons are boring." >> Oh, okay. >> Because he wanted to play the game. He thought maybe if I say that it's boring, I won't have to do it. >> I just I was like, "Oh, no. Here we go." Cuz we just, you know, we kind of made a an investment with this piano cuz I was thinking that he would be into it for a while, which was silly on my part. No, it wasn't silly. He's into it still. Cuz as soon as piano lessons started, he was all smiles and giggles. >> He does. Uhoh. He does like his uh piano teacher a lot. Well, these are thicker than I thought they would be. >> I thought I thought they'd be thin, too. That just looks like a regular chicken breast. >> Yeah. Is this a chicken breast? Why does it look Is it a chicken breast that they just >> cut >> or that they smooshed? You know, >> I don't know what they did. It looks worse than a chicken breast. All right. So, let's get this little guy in here. This really does just look like a chicken breast. Is this like like fake fake news? What's going on here? >> What's the difference between a cutlet and a chicken breast? >> Well, whenever I see a chicken cutlet, like a like Okay, I've really only ever seen chicken cutlets on the Jersey Shore cuz they always talk about chicken cutlets, you know? >> No, but I I could imagine them saying that. >> I feel like I didn't need to use two eggs. I I did two eggs cuz I thought that I was going to be like dredging. Maybe I'll do it twice. >> Oh, double dudge. >> Yeah, maybe I'll do Let me see. So then I'm going to put it in my panko mixture. So I was going to use Italian breadcrumbs, but I didn't know if the kids would like the Italian breadcrumbs. So I just did panko and then I added Italian seasoning, which I guess is kind of defeating the purpose. >> What is panko? >> I don't know to be honest. I have so many questions. Original panko. >> I think it's just bread, >> right? Oh, panko. Japanese style breadcrumbs made from enriched bread. >> But what I don't really know what it means, though. I put some garlic in here. I did some Italian seasonings, some salt, some pepper. I just wanted to give them They they've been liking the um fried chicken. Like at Disney, you saw Jackson said this chicken's great. And so he doesn't normally like the chicken when whenever we go to Disney. He's not really into the fried. Like a lot of kids are like, "Yeah, give me chicken nuggets." He's not really into that. And so this time he was like, "Yeah, I like this." So I was like, "Okay, I'm going to lean into it. Let me make a healthier version." So I was going to air fry, which I ended up thinking that this was going to be too big for the air fryer, which I think it is. So I'm going to do it in the regular oven. But is that enough? >> I think so. >> You think it's like going to be crispy enough? >> Oh, yeah. I think it'll be crispy. >> Okay. Did I cover it enough? >> Yeah, I think so. Because if you cover it too much, then I think the bread will just burn. >> You think? >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, >> Oh, no. >> These are our kitchen shears. Don't worry. We only use them for kitchen things. >> Sometimes I cut my hair with them. >> No. Do you? >> No, you don't. As it happens, Tim is going to go see that movie that I was telling you guys about. He's going to go see that tonight. He has to leave right now. So, I am going to be trying to do this on my own, like filming it. I think that's the hardest part is like all of the people who I think have the best cooking videos are not filming them themselves, >> right? >> Like they you can't >> they just have like a like a studio, >> kitchen studio, >> a guy named Ralph filming them. >> I'm sure there are people that are doing it on their own that you know are making good content, but I think the most high quality it's like people they have help, you know, like somebody is helping them film. >> Yeah. >> And so you were supposed to be my little filmer today. Oh no, my name's not Ralph. >> Oh no. That's okay. All right. So, I'm going to get these on my on my my pan here. My my oven is still preheating, so I have time anyway, but I don't know. >> Don't know. You're half a kitchen cheer. >> I don't know what's happening. What's going on? You know. Oh jeez. >> What's going on, YouTube? Is that where it started from? Somebody was like, "What's going on, YouTube?" >> Probably. >> And they're like, "Oo, I like that. That's a good start to a video." It's your boy Lassat >> Ralph >> the vampire. >> What do you think? He makes YouTube videos. >> Yeah. Somebody put at the beginning of the movie or interview with the vampire. >> Braum Stoer. >> No, no. Interview with the vampire. >> Oh. Uh, Ann Rice. >> Annne Rice. >> No, it I don't know. Okay. >> But at the beginning of that, they put an annotation that was like, "What's up, YouTube?" And then it starts out with like the beginning of this book, Interview with the Vampire. It sounds like the beginning of a YouTube video. >> Oh, it does? >> Yeah. all the best breadcrumbs and get it get it all in there. >> You know what you should have used? >> What? >> Frosted flakes. >> No frosted flakes. No. >> Yeah. >> Not the frosted ones. >> Fruity Pebbles. >> Oh my god. >> Somebody's done it. >> I mean, that sounds like a very Midwest thing. Not like not not in a derogatory way. I'm not like No shade to the Midwest, but doesn't that sound like a Midwest thing? >> Yeah. At one point I said I think that I could make Tik Tok food videos. I just need to come up with ridiculous things and tell people that they're fantastic, but it has to be things that people really like. Like that lady that made the potato with just a hunk of cheese in it. >> How are you going to go wrong with potato and cheese? Those are two things that people love. >> Yes. >> Right. So, you just need to think of >> her name is Courtney Cooks. >> Okay. That thing that Courtney Cook >> some respect on her name. She is the She's the potato and cheese lady, but she's also other things. >> Okay. Courtney Cooks. I No shade to you. What? >> But I think that if I were to come up with uh something that would go viral on TikTok, >> I think I could do it if I just come up with two things that everybody loves. >> Okay. So, >> and mix them together. >> So, here's what I came up with, >> right? >> Yeah. >> People love >> pickles. >> No. >> What? >> People not everybody loves pickles. >> Yeah, I know. You know what? >> Some people Some people are lactose intolerant, so they don't love cheese, >> right? So >> they No, they still love it, >> but they just can't eat it. >> Okay, >> so here's what you do. You get um mozzarella sticks, right? >> Yeah. Okay. >> But you take potato chips and you cut the mozzarella sticks into little circles, right? >> And then you sprinkle them over top of the potato chips. Mozzarella stick nachos. >> Well, so they started um this thing called shakureri nachos. >> Mhm. >> And it's kind of like that. Well, I did it then. We're We're on the trending. >> You didn't do it. They did it. >> No, no, but they didn't come up with my idea. >> Okay. >> They just came up with shakureri nachos >> and they look delicious. The shakureri nachos look actually I want to make them. They look so good. >> You take a bag of chips, you open it up like >> like if you like it was a pillow and you like slit down the center. >> Exactly. And then you put um pushcido cheese like little pieces of like parmesan or the mozzarella balls. >> What kind of chips? >> A lot of people use those like kettle chips. They'll use like pepper, which by the way, they call them pepper and chini. Pepper and chini chips. >> I feel like sometimes people say things wrong just to like >> No, that's like what they're called. >> My grandpa used to paint signs. >> I thought it was a pepperini. >> Yeah. >> But it's it is a pepper and chini. Oh, >> and they also use um salt and vinegar chips. >> Okay. >> And then they put their toppings and it looks so good. >> Okay. >> It looks like a like a like a bougie beach picnic. >> Okay. And Jackson, oh my gosh, I forgot to tell you that last night. He said, "We were reading a book about um this girl and her pet bird. They go on a picnic." >> Okay. >> And the picnic goes wrong because she goes to get I don't They don't ever tell you what she's going to get. She's like, "I'll be right back. You stay here. Watch the food. I'll be right back." She walks over to the water. They're like by a lake. She walks over to the water and she's like doing something in the background. While she's over there, all these other animals come and eat their picnic food. Yeah. >> Then she comes back and she's like, >> "Picnic's ruined." >> Oh no. >> And her bird is like, >> "I'm a bird." Like, "What do you want from me?" And so then they get in a fight and they don't talk to each other. So they're like, "We were fighting on the way back." Cuz they rode a bike. And she's like, "We were fighting on the way back." And then the way that they made up and got back together as like friends is she's like, "Let's have a picnic inside." So she they like set up a little picnic in their living room and it's like she's like today was the perfect day for a picnic. And it was like kind of like adapting to situations. >> Okay. >> And so Jackson said, "I've never had a picnic before." And I said, "You did actually. For my birthday one year, I'm going to link that video down below. Tim set me up with like this like fancy picnic." And I said, "You were there. You were a baby, but you were there. So you have had a picnic." >> And he goes, "I want to have a picnic tomorrow." >> Tomorrow. I was like, I don't know if I can do it tomorrow because you have piano lessons and then daddy's not going to be home and so let's pick a different day so we can all enjoy the picnic. So, I was thinking maybe on Easter. >> Oh, an Easter picnic. >> Yeah. What do you think? >> Be hot out there. Maybe we'll do an indoor picnic. >> You think? No, he wants to do it outside. >> Okay, let's do it. I'll set up the tent. >> We have a tent. Yeah. So, we could do a picnic out. Sorry, my armpit's itchy. >> Oh, that's okay. >> I'm going to make our dinner now. But I I was thinking, should we do a picnic on Easter? >> Yeah. On some boiled ham. >> We can do our our chari nachos. >> Shuteri nachos. So my grandfather used to paint signs and people would ask him to specifically spell things wrong because this was back in like probably the ' 40s. >> I hate wasting these eggs. >> Just going to dump the eggs down the drain. >> Two whole eggs. You know how much I fry them up? >> No, I put raw chicken in it. >> You're going to cook them? >> I don't think that's a good idea. That's a raw chicken right there. Uncooked chicken. >> But I'm sad. I don't want to like get rid of it. Do you guys use your >> No, nobody used it. >> Okay. >> But my grandfather painted signs for a living. That's what he did in the 40s. I don't know when it was. Probably maybe even the 30s. But people would pay him specifically to missspell words on the signs because back in the 30s and 40s, let me tell you what, if you wanted somebody to come in, you'd misspell something. Cuz people would come in every day and be like, "Hey buddy, you got something spelled wrong on your sign and the guy's like, "Oh, really? I'm sorry. Would you like to buy a vacuum?" And then that's how he sold vacuums or whatever he was selling that my grandfather paid the design for. >> It's clickbait. >> It is clickbait. Okay, I'm putting my chicken in the oven. All right, it's set to 450. It's going to go in for about 15 minutes. There you go. Okay, here's what the chicken looks like just out of the oven. Doesn't look that appetizing, but it smells really good. I've got some broccoli cooking, pasta in the microwave from yesterday, some French fries, fruit on their plates, and then I'm going to cut this one up for them. And I'll show you their finished plate. This is Jackson's plate cuz he wanted the pasta. So, we've got the chicken, broccoli, strawberries, pasta. This one is Oliver's plate, so the chicken's a little smaller. Broccoli, some fruit, and some French fries. Then, I'm just going to eat the leftovers. Some French fries. Not all those. Some chicken and some fruit. >> All right. While they are uh getting dinner, I'm in the car headed out to the movie. A little bit of a drive ahead of us, though. >> Ah, yes. Some good oldfashioned I4 rush hour traffic. You guys see that kind of arched building up there ahead of us? That is called the super building. Originally, it was going to be like a office building/studio for a super church, but they never finished it and it's been sitting there since like 1999. So, that road that we were just on was called I4. And a lot of people call that building the I4 eyesore because it never got finished. And it's like I don't understand how it never I get how it didn't get finished. They didn't have enough money to finish it. But I always thought that there was like repercussions for keeping a permit open for so long and not completing the work. But I don't know. It's been like unfinished for 20 20 some odd years. It's just been there just sitting there. Nobody in it. Nobody doing any work in it. Maybe there's like one finished office room in it and that's how they get away with it and the rest of it's all now like finishing remodels or something like that. But like at night you can see through it. There's nothing. No lights are on or anything in there. It's just I don't I don't know. It's an interesting building. There's some interesting uh Orlando lore. Sorry, I had to walk up here till the sun was behind it. But we're here at the AMC theater in Almont. There it is. Super Mario Galaxy movie coming to theaters April 1st. Here we go. >> All right. So, we just got out of the Super Mario Galaxy movie. This is Mike. He runs Mike's Movie Reviews. They have a YouTube channel. It was his invite. He invited me as his plus one. So, thank you. >> But what did you think of the movie? >> I thought it was great. I like the animation. I like the voice acting a lot. I thought there was a lot of fun Easter eggs hidden in there for Super Mario fans. Thought it was a good time. >> Yeah, I every single character that you could ever imagine from any Super Mario game was in that movie. Like, and even some that weren't from Super Mario games, just like Nintendo games. A lot of little hidden Easter eggs like you said, and a lot of like a lot of characters. And I think that if you're a huge fan of the Mario franchise and you know all the characters, you're going to love this movie. >> So now I'm eating my dinner cuz I cleaned up all of my mess from cooking and put the dishes that I used in the dishwasher. And now I want to show you just because I made the dinner doesn't mean they ate the dinner. So Jackson ate his whole dinner. That's his plate is empty. He ate everything. But Oliver, on the other hand, he ate some of the things. Not everything, but he did. I know this doesn't He ate about half of his chicken, a quarter of his broccoli, of most of his French fries, and maybe like a quarter of his fruit. Cuz sometimes I'll get comments about their food, and they're like, "Oh, wow." You know, they they eat so well and they they don't always eat all of the food. But I do try to offer them healthyish foods. You know, I don't um try to I try I just I try and sometimes they eat it all and sometimes they don't. It just depends. But today, Jackson ate everything. >> All right. So, I just got home from the movies and I did want to mention that the whole one of the points of me going to see this movie tonight was to get a feel for it. Jackson is a big fan of Mario and he wants to go see this movie, but there were some really like kind of scary parts in it. Bowser Jr. terrifying and a lot of the like bad guy scenes pretty pretty scary. So, I don't know that I will take him to see it in the theater. We'll see what he says. I don't know. Like some pretty scary stuff in there. Maybe maybe we'll take him to see in the theater for definitely going to be able to see it at home. He'll be fine to be like, I don't want to watch this anymore and turn it off. But I feel like in the theater he might like try to stick it out but be like scared of it. But he has seen other movies. Like I feel like the Spongebob movie that we went to was a little bit on the scary side too. Maybe he'll be fine. I don't know. But there were definitely some parts that I was like, "Whoa, this is pretty intense." But I think that's going to do it for us. Uh, I'm interested to see how the kids dinner turned out. I think you guys already saw that, but I'll have to watch the video to see how the hell they liked it. I can ask them, but they're all asleep, so I'm going to go to sleep, too. So, thank you guys for hanging out with us around the house and then out at the movies. It was a fantastic day. Really did have a good day. We got everything cleaned up and it feels good. So, all in all, a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
