---
video_id: Ue-_cul64UE
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Saying Goodbye To The Affection Section At Disney's Animal Kingdom, Valentine's Day At Home & More!"
published: 2026-02-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue-_cul64UE
---
Hello and uh welcome to a home vlog. We were out la loud noises. We were out last night until like 2:00 a.m. We got home around 1:30. Went to bed closer to like 2:00 2:30 cuz we were at the Moonlight Magic event. We had so much fun. It was at Epcot. It was great. However, I just don't know that I can stay up that late anymore. Um so today we're just kind of taking it easy. We had planned to go to Animal Kingdom. I think we have to postpone that trip and go maybe next week, maybe this weekend. We're going to try to figure that out. But right now, I'm going to edit the Moonlight Magic video. I just put up the um >> find some more garbage. >> You want to find more garbage? >> Yes. >> Show me. >> Where's the dirt brush? >> Where's the dirt brush? >> Where it goes? I put it back on the little tree. >> Where Where does the dirt brush go? >> It's called a dust pan. >> Dust pan. Yeah. >> What's the other part called? >> The broom part. >> The dirt brush. >> The dirt brush. >> What's it called? >> I don't know. >> Can you show me how you find Whoa, >> that's for me. >> Can you show me how you find the the dirt? >> Well, don't kick it to me. Just hand it to me. Can you hand it to me? >> He's been saying >> he's been saying silly me. >> The dirt. >> Oh, let's find some dirt. >> Wait, I just passed. >> You passed a dirt. >> Wait, that's not a dirt. That was just a That was not a pretend bird. >> Oh, it was a real dirt. >> No, it was just a pretend dirt. >> Oh, >> let's put in there. >> Just a pretend one. Good job. >> Good job. >> Dump it in the trash. >> Okay. He's so excited. So, we got this little like cleaning set for Christmas for the kids. And it was more just kind of like a they always want to help. If we're vacuuming or sweeping, they want to help. So we got some that are like their size. And Oliver loves it. So there you go. >> Let's go find some garbage. >> Okay. >> Here's one right here. >> That's right. Daddy cheese. >> No. Put it in the test bed. >> What? What's going on over here? I'm being a wobbly turtle. >> What do you Oh, >> no. Okay, let me help you, buddy. Can I help you? >> I'm going to hold on. >> You have to hold on or I don't want you to fall. I know the turtle ride is fun, but can I help you? >> All right, Oliver is asleep. And because he's asleep, I'm going to take this moment to switch his seat around facing forward in the Rivian. And if I have time to, I'll do it in the Tesla, too. But I think it's time for him to be facing forward. He's at the upper end of the backward-facing seat and he's like I feel like he would really like to look forward. He's of the age and he's of the size and he's of the weight. So, we're going to switch it around for him. So, this is the seat that we've got. It's the Britax one for life. That's what it's called. So, we're going to take it out, vacuum it out because he does eat stuff in this. So, it's like a mess in there. And then we'll put it back in. And just like that, Oliver's sitting forward. You can see the little bit of difference between Jackson's in a booster seat. So, he uses a regular seat belt over there and then Oliver is still in a car seat. So, it's reclined a little bit more and see he's sticking out a little bit further than Jackson and his like legs would sit up a little bit higher than Jackson's do. But now they've got kind of a lot of room back here. All right, boys. It's Valentine's Day morning. >> Yeah, >> Valentine. >> It's Valentine's Day. >> Hooray. That's okay, buddy. I'll take care of it. Come over here. >> Get it, >> Jackson. >> Yeah. >> Let's open it. >> Okay. >> Did you get Oh, Skittles. >> Yeah. >> I see how many Skittles there are. >> What's yours, Oliver? >> Okay. Your egg. >> Open it. And it says >> those aren't skills. Those are gummies >> to legendary you. >> Oh, yeah. You're a legendary Pokémon. We love you so much and we hope you have a happy Valentine's Day full of all the things you love. >> Not yet. >> Mommy and daddy. >> Good job, buddy. Will you Oh, I love you, buddy. I love you. >> Oliver, wait. Look at he's like a He's like a little gremlin going after his lifesaver gummies. Jackson, will you help Oliver open up his Jackson's going to read >> Jackson's going to read Oliver's card. >> What does it say? Valentine, you're a T-Rex. You You're a raptor smart and it so no surprise. >> Yeah. And so it's no surprise. >> You're awesome. >> Look, look, look, Oliver. LOOK. >> So sad. Oliver. Um, >> a hug happy day. We love you so much and we hope you have a sweet day full of fun. What's that? >> Oh, his life savers. >> They're gummies. >> X knows. >> X's and noses. That means hugs and kisses. Look at that big dinosaur. He's so big. >> He's like, >> Right. So, we did get the piano yesterday. So, we started putting it together. It wasn't a lot. It was like, so far we've put in what, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 screws. So, not a lot. All we did was attach this piece to that piece and then this piece to everything. So, now I have to bring the piano itself over and set it onto the frame. And then we screw it all together. >> Right, buddy? >> There it is. So, now >> we turn it on. over here. Oh, turn the volume up a little bit. >> All right, there it is. It's all together. They're just kind of playing around with it now. So, Jackson has brought me made me a a Valentine's Day card. Let's see what it says. Says, "Love, Jackson. I love all you guys so much. Thanks. XOX O XOX. I love it. Thank you so much, buddy. I love you. >> Oh, I love you, buddy. Mine said, "I love you so much." >> Mine says, "Love, Jackson. I love how you guys are so smart and I love you guys." So Xo, >> you think we're smart? >> Thanks. >> I think you're smart. >> I mean, we are building a rocket. >> Whoa, you are. Oh, look at that. Look at him go. >> So, I'd say we're pretty smart. They're like rocket scientists. All right, I'm trying heart-shaped pancakes. Why is the first pancake always come out like not as cooked as all the rest? I want to know the answer to that. I feel like this is like the most dad thing that you can do. If you guys are wondering how I did this and why it has this shape, so I like poured the outside first and then I filled it in. And that's I think the best way to do it. I don't know. But that's also why it's kind of like a little wobbly out there. And then you can kind of see I kind of like pushed it in a little bit here. So, I take my little squeegee spatula and like pushed in the the tip of the heart or like the I don't know what you call the butt of the heart. What is that called? >> Okay. Here is your Valentine's Day breakfast. A heart-shaped pancake with heart-shaped strawberries. What do you want to have? >> I have to have one of the bacons down here. >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Two bacons in one. >> What do you think about your heart-shaped strawberries and your heart-shaped pancake? What's up? >> You already ate your pancake, so I can't give you a little cutesy plate. >> That was funny. >> What do you think? >> I I play with bacon on it. >> You just only want a plate with bacon. >> No. >> If you eat your pancake, buddy, you have more bacon. >> Yeah, you got to eat some pancake and some strawberries. >> I already ate my >> Okay. Ooh, look at this. The boys got me some flowers. >> No, I didn't. I didn't come. >> What do you mean? >> It was They did it subconsciously. They didn't even know they were coming. >> They smell so good. I'm excited for the for the flowers to bloom, buddy. We're going to see the flowers bloom in the next couple of days. What do you think? >> Yay. >> These are my favorite flowers in the whole world. >> How? >> They smell so good. I wish you could smell them. >> What about these ones? What are these ones? >> I don't know what those are. They're going to turn into like these little >> flowers. >> Like little pink ones. Yeah. They're going to be so pretty, buddy. Thank you. >> I bloomed. >> Mhm. >> It's the evening time now and we are out on a date for Valentine's Day. >> We are at >> Poor Flamingos by Richard Blaze. >> We've been here a few times and um we're meeting some friends, but they're in there right now and they're having a blast. >> Oh. >> So, >> let's do it. Let's head inside and meet them. Look at the little inflatable uh little inflatable flamingos in there. You know how many there are? >> Hold this guy. Look at this guy. >> No. No. How many of them are there? Oh, there's four. >> There's four of them. Greetings from Florida. >> Oh, four flamingos. I thought you were trying to do an >> There's No, there's four on there. We're here at Four Flamingos. >> They have a special Valentine's Day menu, too. But I think we're all doing >> I haven't looked at the Valentine's menu, but we're here >> with Scott and Katie from Dish Upon a Bar. >> There they are. We'll put a link to their videos in the description down below, >> but we were just talking about how they didn't even know this hotel was here. So, I'm going to link a video where we like stayed here and and showed off the hotel. It's very cool and it's very like old. >> Also, if you guys can't hear anything that Jen's saying, there's like a pretty sweet violinist playing up in the front of the restaurant. I have him with me, >> but here's a look at the >> But here's a look at the restaurant. >> Oh, buddy. We're starting to get some food here. There's the Brussels sprouts. And then we got the coconut shrimp, too. By the way, the violinist is he's on a abba kick right now. He's doing like a whole ABBA set. >> He just played money. He played SOS. And like >> super Jen got the caviar. Look at it. We're going to share it. Not Not me. I'm not going to eat this. But there it is. And then the pork belly. We can split them. So, you only get two caviaries for $32. >> Oh my goodness. Hold on. Oh, there it is. Okay. >> So, let's I'm going to do it like a a taco. That's probably wrong. >> There's no wrong way to eat. Don't let anybody tell you there's a wrong way to eat ever. >> Okay. That seems very disappointed. >> I've had better. >> Oh, man. >> I know it sounds bad, but I think it's like sweet something sweet. Is that supposed to be sweet? >> Everything else is amazing. This is good, but I don't think I'd get it again. >> Okay, here's what I like. I like the uh the the Brussels sprouts and the pork belly. Those are the only two things that are not seafood. So, I like the moat, though. They were both delicious. >> It's a little sweet and salty. >> I don't mind it. >> All right, I got the fillet. It looks pretty good. Like, this is a good looking fillet. >> What is this? This is the >> Chilean sea bass. >> Chilean sea bass. This is the swordfish. That's a whole swordfish. >> Wow. It looks like red meat. >> I know. >> It's bone in. >> Is it? It's like tuna. It looks like a predator fish. >> And Jen got >> Oh, no. I got the I don't know. >> Nothing. >> You got the moha, but it didn't uh didn't come out. >> It's Jen got the moha. >> This looks so good. So, after dinner, we made the perfect decision to go to Disney Springs. There's nobody here. That's a lie. There's a thousand people here. All the parking garages are full. >> Also, it's really cold outside, and I did not dress for this. >> Yeah. >> Oh, hey. Admittedly, it doesn't look as crowded as I thought it would with the parking garage reading as full, and the service lots reading as full as well. There are like a lot of people here, but like I thought there'd be way more. I love a live music, a live band. Oh, there's the crowd that I was thinking of right there. Look at it. Still, I feel like I've been here where I like can't walk around, but I'm walking okay right now. Fireworks happening out there. >> I'm trying. >> We made the decision for dessert, and that is Summerhouse Cookies. Oh, yeah. >> I want to eat that M&amp;M cookie. I don't know if I've had an M&amp;M cookie from here before. Oo. For Valentine's Day, they've got >> Oh, the pinky. I remember that one. They've got heart-shaped sprinkles on that. Yeah, sure. >> We'll get a banana one. >> It's like a conversation part. This is brilliant. If you have a big cookie, it's a cookie cutter. It cuts it into four equal pieces. >> So, you guys can share cookies. >> Look at that beautiful cookie. >> Show. What did you get? Just regular salted chocolate. >> Yeah. Chocolate and sea salt. What did you guys get? You got the snicker doodle and the apple. >> Mine was a whole apple one, but it's now in pieces. >> I didn't know this is all that was left. I'm like, "Oh my god. I inhald it. >> Wow, that's so good. >> You have an apple cookie. >> Yeah, it's an apple oatmeal cookie. >> Oh, so good. >> Healthy living over here. >> The the ultimate old man cookie, I feel like. >> Okay, so it is a couple days later, actually. We had so much fun on Valentine's Day with our friends. We I'm going to link their channel down below. If you haven't already checked them out, you definitely should. They do a lot of like food and and drink type videos, and you should check them out. They're just fun funny content. But um we had so much fun. We didn't film. >> Oliver and Jackson are playing in the play area over here. Um but sorry, Jack. Oliver is very funny. Jackson's very funny. But um we didn't film a whole lot at dinner because we were just chatting and catching up. That was the first time that we actually like really got to hang out with them for like a long period of time. So it was a lot of fun. But dinner was um it was good. It was just kind of like okay for me. I >> you have to kind of take everything with a grain of salt on Valentine's Day because like that's their busiest time of year. >> That No, that's very true. That's very true. The the other times that we've gone it was very delicious, but um I'd like to go back and and try it again, but I the the vibes and like the atmosphere is so great that it really made up for it. So, we had a lot of fun with our friends as well. So, obviously the company was great, but we then went to have our cookies at Summerhouse which were delicious. We didn't show you the banana cookie, but that was actually really good. And I'm not a huge banana cookie person, but it was very delicious. >> Yeah. >> So, we also went to Animal Kingdom and we went to the affection section in Rafiki's Planet Watch. And this was our last visit before they close and uh I like renovate and rethe. Yeah. >> So, they closed this weekend, but it was our last visit. So, we went and we said goodbye. We took the kids. We had a lot of fun. So, we're going to show you those clips now. But, I hope you guys get to go and check it out before it closes if you can. It was just such a cool place and it's going to be, you know, it's not going to be the same, which is sad, but I'm excited to see what what comes, you know, with the new Bluey update. So, check that out. Now, >> we're headed into Animal Kingdom for one of the la the last time that we're going to go out to Rafiki's Planet Watch for uh the affection section. >> It closes this weekend, I think. Yes, buddy. So, um we're headed back down to show the kids because it's actually closing this weekend. It's closing on the 23rd, but it's last day of operation is the 22nd. And we won't be able to make it in that day. So today's our last day >> and they're making way for >> for Bluey. >> Yeah, >> I think it's still going to be a similar thing, but it'll be Australian animal. >> Said Chip and Dale are meeting out in front of the park before you even get in. All right, we made it inside. >> So that was the first time that they've ever questioned Oliver. >> They're like, "Is he where's his ticket?" And I'm like, "Oh, he's not three yet. We We have some time." >> They asked uh birthday, month, and year. >> They've never done that before. So, because Dino Land's closed, all those characters are having to meet in different places. So, we have Daisy and Donald that are going to be meeting up here. And then Chip and Dale were out front. And I think that's it. Is that all the the characters from Dino Land? >> Wow, look at that one. >> Their wings are so interesting. >> Oh, the ducks. >> A chicken duck. >> Yeah. >> What in the world? >> They look like chicken. >> Where are the ones with the weird wings? Yeah. >> Look at those. These kids really wanted to go through this little cave. Oo okay >> tripping over the cave. >> There's Pocahontas. I like bringing the kids to this like places like this because they always go places that we wouldn't normally go cuz normally you just pass by and head straight back to the tree of life. But the kids are like let's go through the cave. Oliver says through the cave. Yay. Oh no. We're on a little wobbly bridge. You need to hold my hand. You'll be all right buddy. Whoa. Whoa. Oh. Oh my goodness. Whoa. We're really We're really really rocking now. Oh, Pluto's here. Go get mommy. Go see Pluto. And Pluto's meeting up here, too. Discovery Island. Amazing. Look at all these like frost damaged trees. This one's perfect. Look at the greenery. All right, we're making our way towards the back of the park heading towards uh Rufiki's Planet Watch. Going to get on the Wildlife Express. That's the name of the train. Definitely a busy day here today. >> Well, it is a holiday. >> Yeah, it is a holiday. It's President's Day when I'm school. Big crowd of people looking at the cotton top tamarind. Also huge line for this brand new ice cream sandwich at Terara Treats right here. It is a cookie dough brownie ice cream sandwich. Cookie dough on the top, ice cream in the middle, brownie on the bottom. But first, we're headed into Africa. And we've made it to Harambe. Welcome to Harambe, Port of East Africa. Kilamanjaro Safaris closes earlier than the park though. The park closes at 8. Kilamanjaro Safaris at 5:30. Kilamanjaro Safari line starts back here. Holy cow. It's very long. Look at that. Wow. The line for Kilamanjaro safaris is so long. >> I asked him, I'm like, let's get a let's even get a fast pass for or lightning lane for just the safari for the kids so we could do it with the kids. And he's like, there's none available. >> Yeah, it was 105 minutes for Kilamanjaro Safaris. We're headed back to Rafiki's planet watch. Going to get on the Wildlife Express. The train taking us back there. Well, Goofy's back here in the line meet and greetings. That's interesting. >> Here we go. We are on our way. And this train is packed. >> Everybody's trying to see it. >> I didn't realize you could see the like lions rock here at Disney's Animal Kingdom each and every day. >> There's also an animation experience back here. There's the times 10:00 10:45. Oh yeah, pretty often. There's still a large group. I hope there's not like a big line to do the the petting zoo. Rafiki is telling us to come on back. This welcome. There's a Mickey painted on the ground. Not painted, but drawn in water. We've made it. This is conservation station, but we're going back to the affection section back here. There's a goat hanging out right here. Oh, petting on that goat's belly. This is Newton. Did you say go Newton star? >> Oh, I love that. A so >> nice job, Oliver. >> That was very gentle. >> Good job, Jackson. They got their own little snacks right here for them to eat. Got some sheeps and some goats. All right, they wanted to get the uh the brushes to brush the goats. >> Don't eat my jacket. Brushing that goat's butt. >> That was so nice. >> Brushing the goats. We spent the day brushing goats at Animal Kingdom. >> That's pretty cool. >> That's so silly. >> He says, "Sheep, come over here and let me brush you." >> Jackson, can you reach it? Oh, not quite yet. Could you imagine if we just had salt in a in a bowl that we just kind of licked every once in a while? He's like, "Let me get some of that salt." >> I don't know. I do. I do love salty things. Come over here. Look at the cow. >> Look, he's a little closer. You can see him. >> Oh, cow. >> Look, that's his poop. >> That's his poop, buddy. >> I know. >> Oh, no. Some cow poop. Oh, there's the little donkey. >> Oh, yeah. The donkey came out. You want to see the donkey? >> Look at this. It's got to feel so good to eat yourself on one of these brushes. >> I was just looking at these. >> Three. There's three. Four. >> Oh, there's a lot. Oh, yeah. Look. >> Oh, five. >> Three. Four. Five. We should go to Epcot. >> All right, this is our last look at the affection section. And we came inside conservation station. This is where the animation experiences. This is how you learn how to draw different Disney characters. Let's see who they're drawing right now. >> Oh, can you tell? Who do you think they're drawing, Jackson? >> Yeah, that wasn't always the case. >> Looks like they're drawing a Ninja Turtle. Oh, this is Turk, the gorilla. It's the vets's office. >> A Chinese crocodile. >> What's the Chinese? >> What's that guy right there? >> Oh, it's a big tarantula. And >> look, another one. >> Oh my goodness. >> What's a bear? >> That is a mantis. Sri Lankan mantis. Oh, he's kind of like up here. Rafiki's back there, too. Yeah. >> I hope all these murals stay here. >> Should we go potty? >> Look at the size of this wasp >> right up here. >> Yeah, it's right there. Look at this guy. >> There's a hidden Mickey and the ostrich on >> Look at that orange guy. Look at the orange monkey. >> Oh, yeah. Well, these aren't here specifically for conservation station, but we're going to get them anyways, I think. Okay, here it goes. Well, there's number one. Number two. >> Well, don't touch it if it's hot. >> Too hot. >> There they are. >> Well, the the little uh mosaic out here has seen better days as we're leaving Conservation Station. All right, we are headed back to the train. Heading back towards Animal Kingdom. >> All right, we're heading back to Animal Kingdom. >> Not too much to see on the way back, >> but it was nice to get out there to see affection section and conservation station one last time. Disney continuation of this wild storytelling tradition. >> Slow down. We are now approaching >> M andD services. Goofy's coming through. >> Making our way. >> Wow. It's wild how busy it is here today. Look, the line for Kilamar still goes back to Tuster House. >> Oh man, that ice cream sandwich line is long. Holy cow. I don't know. Jackson's interested in the Pandora. >> I actually like these. >> Oh yeah, >> those are cool. >> But these are also much bigger than they actually are. Like these things are like >> No, I know. Oh, but little baby size of the the Fab Six. >> Oh, yeah. >> Do you want to get yourself drawn as a giraffe? >> Those are very cute. >> Look at this. >> I love it. >> The most magical place on day ever. Oliver goes, "Look, mommy. Shampoo." >> Kind of looks like shampoo. I like this one. Look at >> this anxiety lounge fly. >> It's fine. It's fine. telling you, find a small child and see what they're doing and then you'll notice new things that you've never noticed before. I feel like I really should buy this shirt. This, as it turns out, is from Zootopia 2, even though they told me it was Bluey in the other store. This is one that Nick Wild wears in the movie. It's also some Zootopia Wishables. We got Tree of Life like playset. Oh no, Mickey fell over. He's just having a nap. Where's Kevin? >> You want to go say hi? >> Oliver wants to go say hi. Let's go say hi. >> There's Kevin. >> That reminds me, Kevin. I let you fly. They're all ready for >> They're ginormous, too. >> Stand right there. Look at mommy. >> Oh, he's showing you his penny. He has a penny. >> He loves your penny. She loves her penny. >> You know what? Kevin really likes chocolate. >> Yeah, that's true. We don't have any chocolate. >> Wildlife squirrel itch in his little belly. >> That was it. That was our last time. Conservation station. >> So, it isn't going away. They are just retheing it to Bluey. So, I think there will still be animals back there. They're going to be animals that are like native to Australia. >> Yeah. >> So, I can't wait to see what they do with it, but it's, you know, it's definitely going to be different, >> right? I can't imagine we can like pet a kangaroo, >> right? Probably not >> at Bush Garden. >> All right, so now we're back home >> cooking up some spaghetti for dinner. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. We're doing a little spaghetti for the kids, but we are making that um you know on Instagram that Courtney Cooks lady who does the sweet potato with the cheese. We're doing that tonight. I want to try it >> and maybe like a little salad to go with it. But we're just going to eat a whole sweet potato and uh like half a block of cheese. And that's dinner, baby. >> You do girl dinner, right? That's what they say. >> No, just any Instagram dinner. But I really hope you guys enjoyed hanging out with us on Valentine's Day. The kids really liked their little gifts and their cards. And oh, I wanted to show you my flowers cuz they've started blooming. All right, so here's a look at the flowers. They're so beautiful. Look at these. They smell so good. The whole house smells like these stargazer liies. And it smells amazing. They're so beautiful. My favorite flowers ever. So I love those. So, thank you so much for hanging out with us at home and out and about and around town. And I hope you guys enjoyed this home vlog this week. >> Thank you guys for following along. >> And with that being said, we are off and we'll see you all tomorrow. >> Oh, also for those of you who are patrons of ours over on Patreon, we did mail out a Valentine's Day postcard. So, if you're part of the mailing list, I hope you got that. And I I thought it turned out really cute. So, I hope you guys liked it. But that's just another fun little perk for Patreon. So, um, a little Valentine's Day postcard, but, uh, but yeah. >> So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. >> And now the price. >> And now it's time to pay the price. >> You did it.
