---
video_id: 9f_yQCTQAO8
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "We Spent Spring Break At Our Favorite Family Friendly Florida Beach! Anna Maria Island!"
published: 2026-03-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f_yQCTQAO8
---
Good morning and happy So we've actually been here at the beach for this is our we got here on Saturday and it is now Thursday. So the cousins came. We didn't film while they were here because we were just really enjoying the time. The kids were loving it. It was a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun. We went in the pool. It was a little warmer the first couple of days that we were here. It's currently like 65° outside right now. So, I've got my I bought an Anamaria sweatshirt cuz it was uh chillier than I thought it was going to be. And this thing is so soft. Oh my goodness. We went to this um it's called Nature. I think we'll end up going there to show you guys some of the shops. Um just while it's chilly out, but it was called Nature Something. It was next to the place where we got Chili Cheese Dogs. It was amazing. But uh but yeah, so I got a little sweatshirt. We have been kind of exploring the town a little bit just since it has been chillier. We haven't really been able to get in the water or get in the pool a whole lot the past couple of days, but it's still just been so beautiful. Look at this view. It is I don't know if you can see Tim. He's right there. Some people have been every morning have been setting up their their thing like right in front of our house. Um which is fine. You know, we don't like own the beach, but I was like, "Oh, dang. I wish we could have gotten out there a little earlier and set up." But we've got a little spot right over here. And then we do have a our own kind of little beachy area right here that's closer to the back door. So, you know, we've got our little spots, but I'm going to head down there. >> The dolphin kind of sort of right out here. Let's see if I can see it again. So, I'm guessing maybe like right over here somewhere will be the next time that pops up. Oh, hopefully you guys saw that one. Came out to the beach with some shovels to do some digging. We're going to dig in the sand. It's a little bit chilly in the water itself to actually go swimming at the beach, but it's nice to uh dig in the sand. Even me up here on the actual like beach. I'm in a sweatshirt still. People are walking around in their bathing suits and stuff like that, but not a lot of people are actually in the water. These kids, they yearn to use the shovels. I don't know what it was. I brought down other toys for them, and they're just like, "Give me these shovels. That's all that I want." Also want to give you guys an idea of how clear the water is out here. Like it's a little bit rough still today from the storm that came through the other day, but just giving you Oh man, that water's cold. Just giving you guys an idea of what it looks like, how clear it is, how beautiful it is. I'm going to head down there and meet them. I just wanted to grab some waters and some towels just in case we get a little wet. But uh and I'm also uploading our very first Patreon exclusive vlog. So, we did add a couple of um extra perks to Patreon and one of them was an exclusive vlog every month or an exclusive content. So, this month this month it's a vlog, but it could be like a Q&amp;A. It could be a live show. Um just something a little extra for the highest tier. So, I we did film a little bit for for Patreon the past couple of days. So, that's going up right now. Hopefully you guys saw that if you're a member of Patreon. But if you're not, no worries. are still going to get content like this. So, I've got my Is this like wearing the um the band's like merch to their show? Cuz I feel like Look, I've got my Anamaria sweatshirt, my Anamaria hat. Is this dorky? Do I look like a dork? I might. That's okay. No worries. All right. I'm going to go meet Tim and the kids down by the beach. So, this morning, um Tim got up, made some uh bacon. The house smells like bacon. It smells delicious. The uh the boys did their little sticker book. We've been trying to fill up our Pokemon sticker book. We're getting there. We are getting there. And I finished my book for the book club. So, this is the book that we read this month for the Patreon book club. Read Little Secrets. And I'm excited because they're supposed to be turning this into a Netflix like little miniseries. You know how they have all the little Netflix shows? That's going to turn into a Netflix show. I can't wait to see who plays everybody and how it turns out. I think that's going to be a fun one. All right, but let's go down to the beach and see everyone. People are out there in their bathing suits, so maybe it's not that. Let's go look. Let's go look. So, I came down. The boys are right here. They're digging a hole. And then me and Oliver are um filling up our little octopus guy here. We're making a little octopus sand castle. What do you think? >> He looks cool, buddy. >> Oh, super cool. >> He looks awesome. I love that octopus. He dug a little hole over here, too. And then, uh, Tim and Jackson dug a big hole. What' you guys build a >> hole? >> Oh, yeah. I wanted to show them your hole. Look at that. >> I need this water. >> Oh, you're going to make a little river. >> I'm trying to get it to come in. >> Oh, okay. >> The water is not The waves haven't come up like come close. >> Yeah. >> Not all the way yet. So, we're trying to get the Oh, it's so close. Oliver's just getting some of the wet sand because we were trying to make a sand castle, but we needed wetter sand. >> Yeah, >> it is so chilly. >> Yeah, I'm still wearing a sweatshirt. >> I took my sweatshirt off cuz it was a little warm. >> Yeah, I'm a little bit hot, but I can always unzip mine a little bit like >> Look at you. You're the foxy dad. You should buy that shirt. >> I should have that shirt. >> Think it's going to happen? Let's wait. Let's see. I think it's going to happen. Everybody's out fishing today. >> Yeah, I saw that. There's a lot of fishermen. >> Oh, here it comes. >> A little bit. >> It did. It worked. >> Oh, that one did, too. >> Oh, look at our our little river >> that we've been digging. We have a whole aqueduct system here, and we're creating our own little reservoir for the time that we need to de desalinize the water. And then uh we'll we'll be okay if we ever get stuck on this desert island, right? Oliver's not helping. Oliver has decided to contaminate our our fresh water source. He said it's fun to swim in here. >> Oh no, don't sit in there. You're not wearing a bathing suit. >> All right, we're packing it. Oh my gosh. >> Baby with a shovel. We're packing it up to head back to the house, which is amazing cuz it's right there. That's our house. There it is. All right, we're going to have some lunch. And just like that, we're back to the house. This is a pretty amazing spot right here. Very convenient. We're going to rinse our feet off real quick and then head in for lunch. Okay, we made it back inside for lunch. So, you guys had a sun butter sandwich and some puffs. Oliver had a rolled up turkey and some puffs. We found the seashell. Pretty cool. That's another thing I kind of like at the beach is that you just kind of have to fend for your like you just kind of get what you get. There's no like fancy, >> you know? We're just eating turkey sandwiches. Well, there are fancy restaurants, but >> Well, yeah, >> we haven't been able to get into any of them on this trip, >> which is fine. That's okay. That's something that I did mention in another video is that like if you're coming here, make sure that you book reservations cuz it's just getting busier and busier. Book reservations before your trip for the restaurants you want to eat at. You kind of have to plan it out. It's almost like going to a theme park. You sort of have to plan out what you're going to eat, especially dinner. Dinners have been like the reservations were booked, like fully booked. So, I don't think we're going to be having any any fancy exciting dinners while we're here. >> A little bit. >> We grilled out chicken the other night here. It was really delicious. All right. So, Tim just looked up the reservations for tomorrow. So, I think we're going to do lunch. Tomorrow's our last full day here. So, I think we're going to do lunch at the Sandbar tomorrow, which is a place we really like. It's pretty casual. It's right on the beach. It's actually like a mile down the beach from us. We could walk to it, but we're going to have some lunch in their outdoor deck tomorrow. And it should be chilly still, so sitting outside should be okay. >> I hope it'll be chilly still. >> But that'll be nice. That'll be a nice way to end the trip. So, we're going to eat there tomorrow. So, look out for that. >> I got to say, one of my favorite things about this house is all the windows. Yeah, we could be cooking dinner and the boys could be playing outside and we can see them while we're making dinner. >> It's a little bit later. Oliver had his nap. The kids were outside playing. You saw that. Um, I made some tacos. When the cousins were here, we made tacos one night, so we're having leftover tacos. So, there's my tacos. There's You asked for a taco bowl. >> What do you think about that? >> And then what did you have? >> I had some sandwiches. >> Yeah. I made you like almost like a little grilled cheese. You're going to grill up some hot dogs. >> They're done. >> Are they done? Yeah. They take like 2 seconds. But we've got some onion rings and fries. Well, we have some onion rings and fries in the oven, too. >> Yes, I do that. >> Okay. >> I don't know about you guys, but I love burnt hot dogs. So, this one right here going to be mine. Whoever else wants one, they can have the other ones, which are also still burnt. So, there you go. We did it. I really So, one thing that I'm liking about this house is they have these cafe ovens, but I was not sure because I was like, who uses an oven this small? We've been using it every day and it heats up so fast and it cooks better cuz it's so small. Come on, I want a small oven. After dinner, Jan and I are relaxing and we've been calling this thing the UFO. >> Well, we that's what the kids called it. They said it looks like a UFO. >> Yeah, it's like a roundy bed type thing here. We're relaxing in this while the kids play out in the sand right there. They're just throwing sand all over each other. It's going to be quite the bath tonight, but they're having fun. >> They're having a good time. >> We're just hanging out inside this the the little day. It's like a day bed, I think. Right. >> Yeah. But I love this thing. It's so nice. Look at like just the ocean is right there. >> Right. Also, don't judge me by the shirt that I'm wearing. I only put this on temporarily this afternoon. >> Well, what's wrong with it? >> I wore it yesterday. >> Oh, did you? >> Yeah. Oh, >> it's a dirty shirt. >> It's fine. Whatever. We're at the beach. >> You do what you want. >> We I've been wearing my bathing suit most of the day. So, >> you know, it's the beach. We're at the beach, >> but I cannot I want to come back here. >> Me, too. >> I would like to come back when it's a little bit warmer. Although, this um cooler weather hasn't been horrible. We just haven't been able to really get in the pool and the beach too much. But the view is amazing still. And the kids are loving it. >> You got 300. >> Look at how this is like I feel like we're on I know we are on an island, but this is like a tropical island. What is it? >> Yeah. What do you have? A shell. Let me see. >> Oh, another one of those. >> Wow. >> You keep finding those. >> Interesting. >> I feel like these were planted here. These look too perfect. >> No, they're from uh >> crabs. >> Sure. They've started building what they're calling houses. No, not a castle. >> His one's a castle. >> Yours is a house, Jackson. >> Yes, mine is a house. >> Oh, okay. Oliver Oliver said the thing that he's doing is he's making a dog house for his dog, Stingray, >> who's right there. >> And then he said, "Mommy, would you like to pet my dog?" And so she came over to >> right here. >> Pet the dog right there. >> Should I feed him? >> Yeah. >> What should I feed him? He had dog food, too, he said. >> Oh, >> here you go. >> Wait. came out to show you guys that the crowd has definitely left the beach. Most people have gone to dinner, I'm assuming. Sun doesn't set for a while, though. Came back out to the beach and we filled our hole in from earlier. But like look at these things that are left over here from other people during the day. How long do you think these will be here? Like if I come out tomorrow morning, will these all still be here? I know these will be gone cuz this tide will come up. But I'm interested find out how the other ones will be. Man, it's beautiful out here, isn't it? Not a lot of people on the beach now. Sun's starting to set. We got the fire going again. Kids have uh progressed on their houses castles. >> Don't worry, we're gonna put all that stuff back in the uh in the dirt. In the dirt. >> All right, one last look before we start cleaning it all up. >> Oh, the sun is starting to set. And look, everybody came back out for the sunset. >> This is like our third best sunset of the trip. Look at this. Almost all the way cleaned up. We're doing great. Good job, buddy. By the way, this isn't like we're telling him to do this. I actually want to do it because it would be faster, but he is. He's like, "I want to do this." And before you know it, the sun is setting high in the horizon. Going just right here. That was it. Sunset happened. Hooray. It's amazing how fast the sun actually sets. Like to like during the day, you feel like the sun stays in the same spot all day, but when you're watching it dip below the horizon goes quick. Me trying to tell Jackson to look at the sunset and him going, "Yeah, it's cool." while he sweeps up. >> That's good. This was our third best sunset of the trip. >> The third best. >> What? No, the one yesterday was better than this one, >> I think. >> Yeah. And then the first one was that super red one. Yeah, I think it goes the first one, this one, and then yesterday's. >> Oh, really? >> In a video where I was talking about the sunset, probably yesterday's sunset, I was saying that you always got to look both directions on the island cuz you get really cool like purpley blues and pinks in the clouds that are over top of the island. >> You want the straw? >> Oh, we sorry. We got some hot chocolate. >> Oh, yeah. We made hot chocolate for the kids. >> Yeah. I turned off the fire though cuz I didn't know we were coming back outside. But oh, you drank it all. Oh, no. >> Okay, so the uh the boys are getting ready for bath time and bedtime right now. But look at this sunset. Even when the sun has gone down, I mean, it's not over. Look how beautiful this is. I still can't like it's like pinch me. I still can't believe that this is the view from the back of the house. There's the house. There's the sunset. This is wild to me. Wow. And at night, I'll have to put in a picture. The first night that we were here, he took he came out and he took a picture of um Sorry, it's very yellow when I come inside. >> Well, yes, baby. >> Can we do these two? >> Yeah, we can. We're going to do some Pokémon stickers before bed. But um Tim took a picture like up of the sky, the the stars. I'm going to put it in here so you can see it. It was insane how beautiful the stars were. Yes, baby. We're going to go do some Pokémon stickers. All right, it's bedtime for these little babes. Are you in your swaddle? >> Mhm. >> Yeah. Do you have your Magikarp? Where is it? Let me see. >> Right here. >> Oh, there's Magikarp. >> And Bunny. >> And Bunny. All right. So, Tim's going to put the uh start the boys bedtime and then we kind of like tag team it after after story time. >> Good morning. It's the next day. I want to show you guys after we watch the sunset, we went to sleep. But then I wanted to show you guys what the sunrise looks like here. Sunrise is on the other end other end of the island. So, we're getting like the reverse of the sunrise on this end. But check this out. But here's what the sunrise looks like on this end of the island. >> Still beautiful. Look at that. >> A little bit chilly today, but not as cold as it has been the last few days. Let me see if I can get the temperature for you guys. >> About 7:45 in the morning and it's 60. >> I just saw a bird. >> You saw a bird? It's uh 7:45 in the morning and it's 60° away. >> Oh no. >> All right. First step, Oliver's got his thick and fluffy waffle, right? >> Mhm. >> And then because today is our last day, got to have our last bit of bacon, right? Yeah. So, we're going to cook some bacon. I don't know about you guys, but I'm a huge fan of cooking bacon in the oven. It's It's the best way to do it in my opinion. I know that you could cook it on the stove. >> Super duper duper crispy. >> That's how you do it is in the oven. You make it super duper duper crispy. Tell you what, something that I've been doing so much while at the beach here is using this vacuum. This came with the house. So, there's a lot of sand that comes in, especially when the sand is right there. So, just been vacuuming like every hour or so. Yeah. A little bit later now. About 9:00. I got to say, there's this company that comes out and sets up tents for people and they keep setting it up right in front of our view. It's okay though cuz they like they leave pretty early in the day. I think that other one might be one too cuz they've been there every day this week. Yeah. It's just like a company that comes out and sets up everything for you. four chairs and a tent and it's all secure so you don't have to worry about it and then they come and pick it up at the end of the day. Kind of a neat concept, but I wish they would just be like over there. >> Okay, good morning. I'm making my coffee. So, I have a cup of ice. I have my coffee. Come over here, babe. >> Good morning, mommy. >> Okay, I got some milk. I got a straw. We're going to pour our coffee into Let's see if I can do this without spilling. Oo, look at that. Pro. Oh, all of my um sugar. I should have mixed my sugar. Oh, no. Okay, hold on. I put sugar in the coffee. Why? >> But it didn't really mix up. Let's see. Just kind of sat on the bottom there. >> There. That's a lot of scoops. >> It's a lot of scoops. How many scoops? >> Oh, yeah. >> Puffy is so yummy. >> So yummy. >> Milk. Okay. You can put milk. >> Yeah. And then I'm going to give it a little mix. Okay. And let's see. >> It's okay. >> It Yeah, it's okay. It's not that good, but it's it'll do. >> All right. Good morning. Another thing that I didn't think about during this trip is that this is confusing because Jackson has to wear socks because his uh feet are tender and so he needs to wear shoes and stuff like that. But every time that he puts on socks as soon as he's ready to go back into the house or like go out into the sand, he takes them off, puts them somewhere in the house. So I think we've lost like six pairs of socks in this house. >> We'll find them. >> We'll find them. But also I had to do laundry on today, the last day for socks for Jackson, just in case we don't find them. Also, after we cleaned it all up, we started again. >> Jackson the house fell needs a sweeper. >> Oh, what's Oliver doing? Oh my goodness. >> That was a little dance. I liked it. >> You want to sweep already? All right, let me go get it. Oh, there you go. >> Oh, don't put your hair in the sand. >> Oh my goodness. And this is why I have to vacuum every 30 minutes. Came all the way down to the beach and I wanted to point out that the waves are even less today. Got to catch a mommy. Waves are even less today. And the water is clearer. As you can see, we can start to see some of like the different seaweeds, some of the different seaweeds and like sea grasses out there. And those seagrasses aren't actually growing out there. Those are just like floating in this one spot from the storm that came through. You can kind of see some of them on the the shore here and there. Uh, no. It was Yeah, he's got to put it back. It was a little bonnet head shark that he caught. He's got to bring it in and get the get the hook out of it. He needs a uh pair of pliers or something. They just just released him. I don't know if you guys can see him in the water. I can't see what's happening on my screen, >> but he's in there. >> There he is. >> There he is. Yep. >> All right, we're about ready to head back up to the house, but we're going to show you our bucket of shells that we got. These are all the shells that we collected. And this clear one, too. Look at that. >> That's cool. You can't really see it at all. >> I know cuz it's clear. >> You got him. >> So, you got to look really closely at the video. >> Oh, yeah. That guy caught another shark over there. Oh, he caught another little shark. They're putting it back in the water. >> Yes, my babe. Yes. >> Here you go. >> Yeah, we're going back right now. There goes another little bonnet head. >> Oh, yeah. She's doing a paddle board. So, I guess there's a lot of bonnet heads in this water. >> Yeah. I mean, bonnet heads are pretty common, >> are they? Okay. >> Right here. Yeah. In both. >> All right. Well, we're going to head back cuz we got to go to lunch soon. So, let's go back. All right. It is uh like 11:30 almost. >> 11:40. >> Oh, it's 11:40. Okay. We're going to Yes, bub. >> Can I have something? >> Yeah. What would you like? >> Want a snack? >> Yeah, we're going to go eat lunch right now. We're actually headed out to lunch. You want a snack right now? >> Yeah. I want some fruit snacks. >> Some fruit snacks? >> Yeah. >> Okay, buddy. Um, so we're going to have a couple of fruit snacks. >> Have some wes. >> You want to have some welches? Sure. >> Some welches. We're going to head to lunch right now. We're going to the sandb bar. We ended up canceling our dinner reservation cuz we had dinner reservations at the porch and then lunch at the sand bar cuz it was the only day that we could actually get reservations. But I thought doing both today might be too much cuz we leave tomorrow. We need to pack up. >> Yep. Let me open it up for you. But we need to pack up. I'm getting him some fruit snacks. We need to pack up before we leave tomorrow morning and check out is at 10:00. Here you go, my babe. >> I got to get the golf cart loaded up. >> We have a lot we have to do. So, um, I thought, well, let's cancel dinner. We'll eat dinner here. We can kind of pack up and, uh, yeah, and then we head out tomorrow, which is kind of a bummer. I'd love to stay longer, but um, you know, such is life. We have a week. >> School. >> Yeah, school's back next week. So, it's been a great week, though. I've really, really loved being this close to the ocean. I really would like to try to stay here again in the future or at least find another rental that's this close to the water cuz it's been like this has been literally such a dream. Like we're just steps from the beach. It's amazing. >> This is my retirement plan. >> I Yeah, I wish. That's wishful thinking. We looked This house is actually for sale and we were like wonder how much they're selling this house for. $7 million. $7 million. So yeah, that's definitely wishful thinking. But um it is beautiful. I do love it so much. It's been I think this is my favorite rental we've ever stayed at purely because just of the location of the house to the beach. I know I keep saying it, but like wow. Wow. I think the other thing that I that I really enjoy is that it also has a pool. Yes, my babe. So, this outdoor space, amazing. I just like this is truly a dream. But we haven't really used the pool all that much in the last few days cuz it has been chilly and it is sort of shaded over here. So, it's even chillier in the pool, but in the summertime, you can imagine it'd be fantastic. All right, we're headed out on the golf cart. We're headed over to the sandbar for lunch. All right, we're turning down Spring Avenue to get to the Sandbar. There it is. Right on the beach. >> Here we are. We're at the the Sand Bar. I almost called it the beach house cuz that's another one of the restaurants nearby. Oh, that's the other one. Mar Vista on Longboat Key. Well, last time we were here, this was all just gift shop here, but now they've opened up an ice cream shop inside of the main lobby here. Oh, yeah. That's a good hat. You You have another Anamarie Island hat from here, right? >> It's from the beach house. It's from the other side. >> Oh, the other one. Oh, you're wearing it. >> Oh, no. You haven't. That's just AMI. >> My beach house hat looks just like this. >> Gotcha. I'm confused about this. Each bracelet tracks a shark. I guess you just get an app and it tracks an animal. What? An animal's like tied to the bracelet. Oh yeah. Cool. This isn't a kid shirt. This just a crop top. I was like, where's the kids shirt? Oh yeah. Sandbar Anamary Island. >> I think they've grown out of all of their Wait, after lunch? Yeah, I think they grew out of all of their Anamary Island shirts. I think we have one left. >> Are you Captain Pikachu? Look at you, Captain Pikachu. Who is this? That doesn't That's not right, is it? Look at that. >> A lot of people down here on this side of the beach. But like we are sitting here and there are a few tables like down there that you can put your toes in the sand, but we're not in the sand here. That's okay. To give you guys a look at the menu, we didn't get any appetizers, but I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and Jen got the grouper, the blackened grouper sandwich. For a second, when it said grouper tacos instead of cabbage, I thought it said garbage. I was like, what does that mean? Like, you know, I don't really eat seafood. I thought maybe it was like a special seafood term. What? It says cabbage down here next to the grouper tacos and I thought it said garbage. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich. I'm hoping it's not too spicy. Jen got the blackened blooper. Pretty >> good. The peeling or the kids shrimp. And then kids noodles and buns. >> Okay. You're a little You're a little backlit, but what did you think of lunch? >> It's good. It tastes good. It's not as like not really spicy, but is a little bit spicy. >> Yeah. >> You know, >> mine's really good, too. Mine was actually a little bit spicy. I got the black and grouper. I love the beans. What do you think about your shrimp? Did you try them? >> I had it. >> Um I don't like >> you. You ordered shrimp though, buddy. All right, we're all done. >> All right, and on our way out, we're stopping at the Sweet Willies ice cream shop. It's inside of the gift cart, the gift store. >> Sweet Willies. >> We got a couple of shirts for the boys. So, we got this one and we got this one. What did you guys get? He got orange sherbet with chocolate sprinkles and vanilla with rainbow sprinkles. Yum. We're back in the golf cart. We got our ice cream and our sherbet. >> These are perfect ice cream cups. Look at that. It's a holder for your ice cream. >> Yeah. It looks so yummy. >> Sherbet. >> Mhm. >> Orange sherbet. >> Is that your first time having orange sherbet? >> Yes, >> I think so. It's very delicious. We're headed back to the house. We ate our ice cream and our sherbet. And the house actually has a uh public beach access right next to it. And they're building a big house right here, too. And just like that, we're back to the house. I love the location of this house, too, though, because we're near all of the best restaurants and shops. >> We made it back to the house, and it's warm out now. So, the beach has filled up and people are in the water now. There you go. Looks like a typical beach day. And the waves have flattened out completely. There's like zero waves at all. >> So, what we've been doing is we've been driving around. We've been playing Pokémon Go as we drive around the golf cart. Not while we're driving. Like, I'm not playing while I'm driving, but I'll stop. Like, we're here at where we had ice cream the other day. And there's a raid here that we're going to do here in just a second. It's a uh Latius, a shadow Latias raid. >> Tim and Jackson are out Pokemoning. They're doing a poke. I think they have some kind of raid or something they were doing. there was some some Pokémon that was like uh doing something special out here. So, they're doing that. While they're doing that, I've been packing up cuz we leave tomorrow in the morning. We have to be out of here by 10:00. So, I'm packing up our bags, packing up my stuff right now. I think Tim's kind of been packing every night. So, he's he's got the right idea. He's done. And then I just open the windows in here. It's so nice outside. I got to pack up all of our toiletries. But look out here. I wanted to show you there's a sailboat. Doesn't have its sail up, but there's a sailboat out there. You see that? So beautiful. A lot more people have shown up. And it looks like people are in the water now. So, as soon as Oliver gets up from his nap, he's napping right now. As soon as he gets up, we'll head back out to the beach and uh maybe get in the water. There's also a sunny spot in the pool, so maybe if we don't get out of the beach, maybe we'll get in the pool one last time. All right, so we just came back from our little Pokémon drive around the island, and we are determined for our last day to get in the pool. It's warm enough outside. The pool's warm enough. I think we're getting in right now. Jackson assures me that the water is warm. I just double checked the heater and it says that it's on. So, I'm going to be over here by the little the heater jet. The pool heater is on. The pool temperature is 80°, but it still feels cold to me. Like, >> it's good, Dad. >> It's good. >> Oh, it feels so cold. But like, it shouldn't feel that cold cuz it's 80°. >> I'm good. >> The pool heater is set to like 84 or 86 or something. So, >> all right. >> These little babes are in the pool. >> I see your goggles. Are you too cold? >> Cannonball. Cannonball daddy. >> Whoa, that was a big splash. >> He got you. >> It's so funny because hearing the temperature of the pool, it was 80°. Seems like that'd be warm. But because the wind is blowing, it just made it cold. So, we didn't stay in for very long. Maybe like 20, 30 minutes. Good enough for us, though, because last day people are starting to clear off the beach now. It's about dinner time. There's a sailboat just kind of anchored out there. I mean, I like the idea of a sailboat. I don't like the idea of actually being on a sailboat. Like, it sounds so like romantic and and like bohemian, but then when you like are out there in a little tiny cramped sailboat rocking back and forth all night, probably not as fun as it seems. Just always wet. This is going to be our last probably daytime look. Pretty soon it'll be sunset and then we'll be looking at a sunset. Man, it's been really good. Been a fantastic trip. And I'm like already talking to the uh to the rental company about renting this house again cuz I love it. It's so good. Like it's such a good house. I'm interested to know about like its its history and like how it was built cuz like this is a weird roof line, right? And then also like I think the room that we're staying in used to be the garage maybe. And like this was the main house. I'm fairly certain the kitchen was like added on cuz I think it just used to be like this when it was built. It was built in 46. Earlier I was saying how impressed I was with this oven with like how quickly this heated up and stuff. And the the stove top is induction and it heats up really quick too. But and hard to cook on, but this pizza came out pretty good. We do like a little bit of like burnt more burnt cheese on our pizza. The edges did start to get a little bit like more burnt than usual in a big oven. But overall, I'm happy with the way that this pizza turned out in this little in the little oven. But also, when I've been cooking bacon in there, there's been grease splattering in there. So now it's like every time I turn on the oven, it smells like bacon. But I think I just cooked it all off just now. So the good news is I keep telling all these other things, there's a vent in this microwave that goes outside. So the house doesn't smell like bacon for very long. We're having pizza for our last dinner of the trip. Just to make it easy, it was just an easy dinner. We had a We brought a frozen pizza, so we made it. >> My Big Fat Beach House. >> Oh, yeah. There's a beach house across the street called My Big Fat Beach House. >> He was looking at the Pokétops. He goes, "Hey, this Pokétop's called My Big Fat Beach House." >> Yeah. Isn't that silly? Somebody put a Pokétop at their house. I've been commenting all day about how much I'm going to miss this house. >> Mhm. >> And how much I'm excited to come back. Like just having a picnic table outside. >> Yeah. Well, and I don't think we could do it at our house, but there's no sea breeze. It's so hot. >> Yeah. Yeah, it would get hot here in the summer, but I feel like if you put up a tent or something over top of this >> Yeah. >> It would be perfect. >> Like an umbrella or something. >> Yeah. >> But I also think that um I I feel like I've seen less bugs here. >> Yeah. I think that's the season. >> Like I think in the summer there might still be bugs. >> Yeah. You think? >> Oh, I like this. It looks like you're about to start doing yoga out there. It is really interesting how the beach just clears out around dinner time. It makes sense, but like starting at like 5, it's 6:38 right now, people just start leaving the beach pretty quickly. So, if you want a nice like to be on the beach by yourself, 5 to 6:30, and then the people start to come back out after dinner for the sunset. Oliver keeps bringing over pretend Pokémon for Nurse Joy to fix. >> His his Vaporeon >> was very sick. >> I gave him some medicine. Wait, let me show you my clinks. Let me see. >> Let me see. Can I show them? >> These are my clinks, not yours. I found them. >> I named them. Let me see. >> I found my >> clinks. No, they're mine. >> No, they are. >> All right. >> They keep going, "My Pokemon is so sick." And then I have to figure out what's wrong with them. So, like this one. What do you think's wrong with this one? Oh, it's definitely this. This is the culprit. Yep. >> I got to get that bacteria out. Okay, now we're good. Nope. What? What kind of Pokemon is this? >> What kind of Pokemon is this? >> What kind of Pokemon is a pile of sand? >> A sandy gas. >> Oh, a sandy gas. >> Sand gas. >> What's it called, Jackson? >> What's the one that looks like a um >> pile of sand? >> It's a haunted sand castle. >> Yeah, >> that's a sandy gas. >> Oh, let me look. Hold on. >> Pile of sand. >> Pile of sand. >> That's what it is. >> Look at the background. It's like a moon and like spookiness. And then you do it and he goes, "I'm a haunted sand castle." When I looked it up in the encyclopedia, the the Pokey encyclopedia, it said it was a haunted sand castle. >> Like, how did it get haunted? >> I don't know. >> He's a ghost and grandpa. >> That's its butt. >> All right, last sunset of the trip. There it is. I wish you could see the actual color. It's so pink. It's like wild. I still can't believe that this house is just right here. Just right here. Here's the house. Here's the beach. And what a great sunset to end the trip with. Perfect. Beautiful. Beautiful sunset to end the trip with. >> Kids are asleep now. I got the golf cart onto the trailer, which is a task in itself. Just like making sure that it's like centered on the trailer so that it toes good. A little annoying, but we get it done. Uh, and also strapped down really good. Now I just need to finish like packing up the stuff that's around here. Food. I got to do my clothes. And then that's about it. We're pretty like mostly packed up. So there's like not a lot a lot to do. There's a little bit to do, but there's not a lot to do. >> All right, we are packing up the last of our things. We just have a couple bags left. We're taking out the trash. The kids are ready to get in the car. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Um I just finished the dishes, but yeah, we're uh pretty much ready to go. Yeah, we're leaving. Today's our last day. I didn't think people were actually going to be like out on the beach, but they did. Oh my gosh, look at these guys. Wow, they have like a whole party set up. It looks like a bonfire almost. >> Oh my goodness. >> Yeah, that's the first time I've seen that. There's that sailboat that was out there last night. He's He spent the night out there. >> Oh, yeah. I didn't see the white tent earlier. There's a blue tent off to the side. That's the same. >> Yeah, >> but I was like, "Oh, good. They didn't set it up." >> Huh? >> So, now we know. I think it's like around 8:00. We got to set up. >> Yeah. >> Yes. My babe. Are you ready? >> Yes. >> Okay, we're ready. We just got to put the last of the things in the car. Okay. I got my my Anamaria Island shirt on. I bought this the other day at the um the place next to the Chili Dog Place, which we never showed you. When we come back, >> I'll show you the Chili Dog Place. >> We've been there before. Yeah. Two Scoops. It's like a you know, a popular ice cream place here. But >> guys, >> yes, buddy. >> Are you ready? >> Uh-huh. >> Here's our waffles. >> All right, it's time for us to head out. One last look at the beach. Oh, so I think that that's like a like a rental, like a setup. >> Oh, yeah. It's a like people are coming to set it up, but also like it's cool. Like they've got little umbrellas. It seems like they're going to set up something else. Maybe some like loungers or something. >> I want to know what that company is. >> Yeah, >> they did set it up awfully close to this other one though. >> That's true. >> H >> This reminds me of for my birthday a few years back, you did like this like it was like an elegant beach or like an elegant picnic setup. >> Yeah. >> Remember that? This reminds me of that. >> Yeah. But it's so cute. >> All right. And also, it stinks cuz this is like the most calm that it's been here. >> I know. >> And like there's no wind. There's no >> I don't know. That sailboat's rocking. You see that sailboat rocking? >> Yeah. That's just from the little bit of waves. That's what I was saying last night. It's like I was like, I like the idea of a sailboat. >> It's too rocky. >> But I don't like the idea of a sailboat. >> Yeah. >> Like, >> do you see my cool new Anamaria Island shirt? >> Oh, yeah. That's cool. It's There we go. All right. Cool looking. I'm a real fan. >> You are a real fan. You got a hat? >> I do. I packed it already. >> One last look at the pool. Oh my goodness. It's so like I I feel like the pool guy claim came this morning or something cuz it's so clean. Oh, all right. Let's get the last few things in the car. >> I definitely think we will be back. And I'm going to link the info to this house in the description. A lot of you guys were asking about it, so I'll link it in the description down below. We just randomly found it. >> Yeah. >> So, the company that we normally work with um didn't have anything available, so we just found this one by chance. And I think we really lucked out. >> Yeah, >> this is amazing. >> All right, our golf cart's loaded up. I found these things that would make it 4 in shorter. And I'm kind of debating it because it's very tall, especially on the trailer. But on the way down here, I put the cooler on the trailer and I didn't like that it was on the trailer. So, I decided to really stuff the car today. And we're actually not at our full potential yet because I haven't used the front trunk at all. But boy oh boy, do we got a lot of stuff back here. Does it look intense? >> We did it. No, I think it looks better than it did when we showed up. >> Yeah, I think it looks good. >> I did great. >> Everybody's leaving. I can hear everybody packing up. >> I know. >> I know. Today's the day. So, when you stay here, you check in on a Saturday and you leave on a Saturday. That's just kind of how all the rentals are. You can book longer, but for the most part, all the rentals are Saturday to Saturday. I don't think you can book shorter. All right, we stopped we stopped at the rest area. This one's nice. So, it has like little picnic benches. They're covered. Look at this. >> I'm doing fancy truck stuff. >> You are. Yeah. This is pretty fancy. >> Stopped off at a rest stop. Little pea break. >> Girl lunch. >> Oh, yeah. Girl lunch. Ruffles, cheddar, and sour cream. And sweet a sweet cream, vanilla, and cold brew. >> I'm going to try it. We'll see. >> And these guys are having cookie lunch. I raised them correctly. >> What did you get? >> I got sweet and salty mix. >> M. >> Yummy. >> I'm glad. All right, so we've made it back home. We're just getting back into normal life now. We look out our back window and we see trees, no beach, but the memory is still there. >> I'm very excited to go back to Anamaria Island. It was so beautiful. It was such a great week. And yeah, now we're just we we did all of our laundry. Uh Jackson starts school tomorrow. But um I would like to stay in that house again. I will say too is that even though we were there during spring break and it was like peak crowds. >> Oh yeah, >> it wasn't that bad. >> Especially where we were, it wasn't it wasn't too bad. And it's not like like Daytona Beach, you know, it's not like a super young crowd. It's a lot of families, which I really liked. >> Yeah. >> I just like the vibe, you know? It's very chill. It's very laid-back. It's not like a big party scene, but it was, you know, it feels like you're not in Florida. It feels like you're on a tropical island, which you are, but I just I don't know. You know what? I don't know. It just >> feels like it shouldn't be two and a half hours away from us. >> Yeah, literally. But yeah, I want to say thank you guys so much for letting us take the week. So, it definitely wasn't the plan to not upload for an entire week. It just kind of happened. So, I'm really sorry about that. That that was something that we should have probably gave you guys a little bit of a heads up and I'm sorry that we didn't. But, I did want to say thank you so much for um understanding and for watching this video. But I think we just really needed like the family time. >> Yeah. And it was lovely. >> It was really great. Yeah. The kids were It was just great to like spend time with the kids and not, you know, work. So, thank you for letting us do that. But now we're getting back into it. Yes. >> So, actually Tim is leaving right now to go to a theme park to go do there's an event that's going on tonight. So, be on the lookout for new theme park videos and we're going to get back into normal, you know, normal Tim Tracker stuff. >> Let's go. >> Yeah. So, yeah. But thank you guys so much and we hope you had a happy spring break. >> So all in all, it was a fantastic spring break and with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
