---
video_id: LTz6EBYk2UE
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Shopping For Self Care Birthday Gifts, The Face Of A Mom & Wine Bar George Lunch! | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-02-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTz6EBYk2UE
---
Hello. >> Hello and happy home vlog. What are you doing, buddy? >> I'm doing a trick like this. >> Let me see your trick. >> Whoa. >> Watch again. >> I'm watching. Whoa. >> Let me try again. >> That was a great trick. >> So, we just got back from swim lessons and Oliver did great job. He's going to actually be moving up pretty soon because he's going to age out of the class that he's wo that he's in. He's doing a great job. He's about to age out because of his age and he's like, you know, he's progressing in um sorry I didn't brush my hair this morning. He's progressing in a way that he may skip the next level and go to the level after. But yeah, what are we doing today? >> What are we doing today? >> Yeah, >> you're >> I'm going to go a Valentine's Day. >> So that's true. So, one of my friends who um we are doing Valentine's Day today. I guess Valentine's Day is like a a regular uh recognized holiday now. It's on February 13th and uh I couldn't do anything with her that day, so we're doing it today. We're going to go down to Disney Springs and have a little lunch and have a little look. I wanted to um you know, go into some of the stores that I don't normally get to go into or that I don't get to spend a lot of time in. And that's really it. We're just going to kind of hang out. that I'm going to show you guys. I don't know how much of it I'm going to actually vlog cuz I want to be like present, but um I'll definitely have >> I'll definitely have some, you know, some little stories on Instagram, but um we're going to go to Wine Bar George. She's never been to Wine Bar George, which I thought was >> wild. So, we're going to go there today. >> All right, it is the next day. It is I don't even know what day it is. It's Thursday. Thursday morning and we just got back with Oliver from a like a learning playtime activity class thing. >> So, we just got back from gymnastics and in our gymnastics class they do like uh other skills as well because it's for, you know, under 3 years old basically. And so sometimes we'll do story time and today we did story time and it was a puppet show and he wanted to do the puppet show at home but we don't. So, they did the five little ducks. You know, the five little ducks went out to play over the hill and far away. What happened to the little ducks? >> And they they were lost. >> They were lost. Where did they go? >> He's eating a cheese danish. So, they went behind the the puppet show board like And then did the mommy duck find the baby ducks? >> She didn't. At the very end, she didn't find her baby ducks. >> Oh, I thought she did. I think she did. >> I was sad after that. >> Oh, she did. She cried cuz she said, "All of my baby ducks went away." And then at the very end, they all came back. >> Yeah. So, we were trying to Oliver wanted to do that when we got home and I said, "I don't think I have any ducky plushes, but we do, I think, have a penguin plush." And so I was trying to find it cuz this is like our pile of stuffed animals down here. But then I said, "What if Perry the Platypus was the mommy?" And then we have a baby eagle. A baby cow. Um, >> baby cow. >> A baby cow. Wait, where was our baby squirrel? >> Squirrel. >> What happened to our baby squirrel? >> Oh, he's underneath the trampoline. >> Oh, can you get the baby squirrel? He's under the trampoline. >> I sp it under there. Oh, you did? >> Yeah. >> You know what? We do have a lot of ducks. >> You do? >> Yeah. We went on a bunch of cruises last year. >> Oh, yeah. >> That's true. >> Yeah. >> And then we have a baby squirrel. We just need two more babies. Do you see any other babies? >> A baby. >> Baby. Oh, what's his name? >> His name is Noodles. >> That's Noodles. >> This is my doggy. >> Yeah. So, when we went to Canada, um, and we hung out with Chris and Charmaine and Michelle, Char, I think Michelle bought you noodles, right? >> You have some cheese danish hanging off your face, buddy. >> Wait, wait, on the other piece. >> Oh, he wants more cheese Danish. >> So, we have four babies. We got to find a fifth baby and then we'll be good to go. And Perry the Platypus is a mom. >> That's true. Congratulations. That's the face of a mom right there. >> It's true. She's a mom. So that's what we did this morning. >> Um we also have >> Yeah. >> This is the giant cheese ever in this cheese danish. >> It's the giantest cheese. >> Yeah. Like Machamp is peas. >> Oh, if Machamp had a piece of cheese danish, it would be that big. Actually, my channel doesn't have He's Danish. >> Oh, he doesn't? >> No, he just has um um two arms. Um two arms up here. And he has some arms all the way up here. >> Oh, he does. Machamp has more than two arms. >> Yeah. >> Oh, >> how many arms does he have? He has one, two, three, four. He has four arms. >> Four. Show me your four. Let me see. Four fingers. >> He has four. >> Good job. Four fingers. >> Good job. >> But we >> But he has one, two, three, and and and four. That's how it goes. >> Good job, buddy. >> That's That's true. That is how it goes sometimes. >> That's how it goes. cuz after three is four and that's just how it goes. >> How it goes. >> Oh, something else that we need to do today. Um I was just thinking about it. So, we have a surprise birthday dinner that we're going to tonight. It's for a friend of ours who we're going to meet at a restaurant down like near the theme park area. But I need to get the rest of her present, Mommy. >> Yeah. You >> might have to run dinner. >> Yeah, we do, buddy. Yeah, we do. So, I think what we're going to do, buddy, is we need to run to Walmart at some point. Maybe not right now. >> We should probably try to go right now. That way, when we come back, it'll be his nap time. >> We also have some um ad reads that we have to film. And we have some uh just life things that we have to take care of this month. It's always funny because January, February, and March is when it starts to like kind of get busy for like the theme park vlogging, but this year, >> my birthday is in March. >> I know it's coming up. >> How old are you going to be? >> Oh, yeah. How old will you be this year? >> Three. >> You're going to be three? >> Yes. >> That's so exciting. Are you excited? >> Yeah. Do you think anything's going to change when you turn three? Like, will you get very tall? >> I think I will. >> So giant like you guys. >> You are. >> Wow. That's >> It was funny. He was talking about some giant this morning. He was talking about a giant something. I don't remember what it was, but he goes, "He's so giant like you." And I was like, "Oh, okay. Guess guess I'm a huge huge person. >> Well, I mean he's he's only 3 ft tall. So >> you are giant to him, >> right? >> Um I'm just a teeny bit tall. >> Yeah, >> but but you guys are so giant. >> We are. >> Who's taller, mommy or daddy? >> Oh. Um >> is daddy more giant than mommy or is mommy more giant than daddy? >> Oh um two of you guys are too giant. We're both too giant. >> Whoa. There you go. All right. All right. So, while we're getting ready to head to Walmart so I can get the rest of the stuff for our friend's gift, um, and I'll show you what I got her because I got her some like self-c care type stuff. Some kind of like just, you know, like me time things. And I'll show you what I got her cuz it's all stuff that I feel like everybody could use and benefit from. But I went to Wine Bar George yesterday with one of my other friends just for like a little belated kind of Valentine's Day and I didn't film it and I didn't really film a whole lot of it for Instagram, but if you saw my stories yesterday, it was in my stories. But we went to Wine Mar George. We just got a bunch of like appetizery type stuff like the small plates. We got the cheese board. It was delicious. And then we also I really wanted to try the roasted onion cuz you know how like the onion boils are really big right now on Instagram and stuff. It was kind of like that, but it was a miso roasted onion. I have to say, I probably wouldn't order this one again, but I was excited to try it. It just wasn't like I just don't think for the price, I don't think it was worth the price. But I'm I'm glad I tried it. And we got the uh the goat cheese felo kind of like roll up. That was really good. And it was mixed with potato. So, it was like a potato goat cheese puree inside of this fileo kind of almost like a taquito shape. Um that one was really delicious. Of course, we had to get the mac and cheese bites. Those were really good. They were a little bit like had a little bit of a kick more than I remember. And then I also had a mocktail. So they have two mocktails on the menu and I think they can make other things cuz they are like a full bar as well. But I got the cherry lime smash and it was cherry lime seltzer like seltzer water. It was like tart and it was just very like you know fresh and summery and my friend had a glass of wine cuz we were at Wine Bar George and she said it was very good. But it was great. I loved it so much and um if you haven't been to Weinar George, I think you should definitely go. So, she hadn't been before. So, I was happy to take her for a first time. But it was great. It was wonderful. And then we just did a little walking around, a little a little looking. I didn't buy anything. I just just a looker, you know, just looking. So, that's what we did. But yeah, but now we're going to head over to Walmart and get the rest of the gift. And I'll show you the gift when we get back because I'm going to like put it all together. Hopefully it'll look nice. I don't know. I'm going to try. >> We're here at Walmart. >> We did it. >> We did it. We did do it. >> Oliver said, "Can we get a cart?" But I don't want to get inside. I just want to walk around Walmart. And I said, "I feel you." >> Oh, yeah. Big umbrella up there. Got lots of stuff out for St. Patrick's Day and for Easter. >> An umbrella. >> An umbrella. Oh, peanut butter eggs. The best version of Reese's. I was in here on Valentine's Day or like the day before Valentine's Day and this one made no sense to me looking for birthday cards and I think I found the best one right here. >> This is fire. >> That is all. >> What What is this? We should do a podcast of us drinking and laughing. People would love us. Oh, >> okay. >> That's the card. >> That's the card. People would love us. >> Everybody doesn't need a podcast. >> Maybe they do. >> Those are birthday bags for putting birthday gifts in. Oh, I know what they're called. >> Oh, okay. >> What is here? >> Yeah. Bubblegum scented balloon shine. >> So, that's exactly what I needed. >> Hey, what's this, >> guys? What's this? >> That's the string that you use to hold on to balloons. This one's not scented. This is just like normal. Found a lot of candles over here. And Oliver found cosmic brownie scented candles or zebra cake scented candles or oatmeal cream pie scented candles. >> Or honey buns. >> The cosmic brownies. Yeah. >> Daddy, look. Cookie candles. >> I know. Cookie candles. Some uh gigantic bunny decor like egg garland for Easter. Pikachu hood hooded towels. >> Do you want a Pikachu towel, buddy? >> They share the same towel. I think it'll be fine if they just have one of them. Yeah. But so I found this to kind of put everything in. I have to say, so they have something very similar to this at Anthropology right now. And I think that Walmart is kind of like >> they're kind of like doing it. >> They've got nice stuff. >> Oh, it is a Mario set. >> I see it. >> And then I also grabbed this candle >> cuz it kind of reminds me of a Disney scent. >> Oh, >> and these are some Disney friends, so they might like that. Silky soft blanket for Pokémons. Trying something new. Florida, as you do. >> All right, so we just got back. We just got back from Walmart. I'm going to show you the the birthday gift. I'm going to put it all together with you. But we checked the mail and what was in the mail. I said, "There's a letter in the mail." And he said, "I wonder what letter it is. Maybe it's W." And that was so cute. >> It said Y or Z. >> He said maybe Y or Z. >> Again, >> kids are so cute. Um, so >> I color on. >> Yeah, we're gonna color on it. So I let him color on the like junk mail. Um, and then he turns it into something beautiful. So buddy, will you show me what did you draw on your paper? >> This. >> Wow. What's this one? Can you tell me what this one is? >> Oh, that's a Mickey. >> You drew a Mickey. Look it. There's his face and his two ears. And he said this is a little bit of hair right here. And he has really long arms. And I said, "Are the arms so long to give you a big hug?" What' you say? >> Yes. >> Yes. I love that, buddy. You did great. You're so good at drawing. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, here's a look at the gifts that I got for our friend. So, this is the bowl that we just got. It's like a little decorative. Um, very cute. Very cute bowl. I don't know if I should leave this on cuz there's one on the bottom. So maybe I'll take this one off so it looks a little nicer. But I just hope if she doesn't like it, she can still return it if we take this off. I'm not sure. >> Okay, mommy. >> Yeah. You think I should leave the sticker on or take it off? >> Leave it on. >> Okay, I'll leave it on. Okay. And then I got these Bodance. Um these are the collagen deep like deep masks and you can sleep in these. These are really nice actually. So, this is a pack of four. This is kind of like a self-care kind of a little gift. We got this candle that we just picked up at Walmart. It smells so good. It kind of It reminds me of like a Disney scent. So, I thought she would like that. This is the sponge that you get when you stay concierge on a Disney cruise. You can buy these at the boat house. That's where you can also get them on Amazon. But this is the scent that they give you in the concierge room. It's the beach grass one. It smells really good. So, I gave her that. And I also got her a fivepack of these steam eye masks. This comes with unscented lavender, chamomile, jasmine, and green tea scents and they just get like a little bit warm and then you wear them as you sleep. So, all of these things I really like. I use them and I really like them and I just thought she would like them as well. And then I also got her these Dr. Scholes foot masks. These are warming and they're just like for relaxing. But these are great. They go to the theme parks a lot too. So, this is something that I really like. So, I thought she would like it. So, let me set this up. I'll show you what it looks like when I'm done. Okay. I think this is as good as it's going to get. We tried. I think she'll appreciate the effort. So, there you go. There's a little a little self-care birthday basket for our friend. I hope she likes it. Where are they? Where are they? What are you hiding? Strawberries in your pants. >> No. >> No. Are they under your leg? You are so stinky. >> They're right here. >> They are. Can you please eat them? Thank you. I'm going to link everything down below. All most all the stuff you can get on Amazon. So, I'm going to link it down below. But, uh, I think these are some good things. If you're trying to have a little self-care moment, you might want to check these out. What' you say, buddy? >> I'll get the other one. >> Where is it? >> Right here. >> Oh my goodness. Was it Was it under your leg? >> No, it was right here. Oh, >> okay. All right, buddy. Let's just eat it. All right. So, it's later. It's actually the next day, but we went to the birthday party and we met up at Portillos's and that was delicious. I love portillos. Like I had some of the like an Italian beef sandwich. I had I'd never had I'd never had their chili cheese dog before. I've actually never had one of their hot dogs before. That was really good. And and I didn't realize this, but some of their um other friends that were also at the little birthday get together were vegan. And I guess they have a like a pretty good vegan dog there at Portillos. So that's a fun fact. If you are vegan and you want to try Portillos, they have a a good vegan dog. But um it was really good. I will say as much as I love like that kind of food, which I do. I love hot dogs. I love the Italian beef is so good. Their salad is a really popular thing too there. But everything is so salty. I always feel like once I hit 40, really like my late 30s, I cannot eat salty food anymore. It makes me feel horrible. I almost feel like hung over when I eat salty food. I feel like I drank and I didn't like I just I don't know. It doesn't make me feel good. But it's so delicious when you eat it. So, it's like, you know, I'll I'll have stuff like that sometimes and then just know the next day I'm going to feel, you know, like not great because of all the salt. But it was very, very good. And yeah, it was a lot of fun. It was nice to just like, you know, get together with friends and celebrate friends. And she really liked her gift. So, I'm I'm really happy that um you know, I feel like self-care stuff right now especially just you know, everybody's so stressed. Everything is so stressful. Like there's just you know, constantly just bad news on social media and TV and everywhere you look. And I think self-care is really important right now. So, I think it's just good to like take a second and destress. And so, um, like I said, I'm going to link those things down below in case you want to check them out. But the eye mask especially, I really Oh, a squirrel just ran by squirrel. But the eye mask especially, I feel like is something that really helps me cuz you have to close your eyes, you know? You have to like I put it on when I go to sleep. You can wear it to bed, but it's like a little warming just eye mask. The only thing I don't like about it is that they're disposable. I wish they weren't disposable cuz I don't like love that. But I don't use them every day. So, but those are I don't know. They just help you to like stop for a minute, you know, like you have to close your eyes, you have to like you can't look at your phone, that kind of stuff. Those are really nice though. So, I'm going to I'm going to link those all down below. And the if you go to the theme parks a lot, the warming foot mask is really great just or if you just walk in general a lot or you just have achy feet for whatever reason, like those are really nice to have, too. So, the gift was a hit, so that's exciting. And um I actually think I might go back to Walmart and pick up one of those decorative bowls for myself cuz I really liked it. It the like little bowl that I put everything in. I might grab one of those. I think it was like 10 bucks. So, I might do that. I thought that was very cute. it would look cute on a counter. And then we actually started filming another home vlog last night because Tim was getting ready for his next trip. So, we were just kind of showing you like, you know, that sort of process and how if he travels by himself, like what that kind of looks like. But, he's on a plane right now. I was just chatting with him and my sister took Oliver to the science center so that they could just get out of the house for a little bit. It's nice out right now. like it's it had been so cold for the last few like weeks really. It was like freezing and um today it was actually really nice. It was it's it's in like the almost 80s. So it's very sunny. It's not raining. It's really beautiful outside. So but I had to get some work done. I needed to edit three videos today. So I'm currently editing this video right now actually. I I just needed to end it. But so, uh, I'm going to try to get outside a little bit later and maybe we'll go on like a a Pokémon Go walk a little bit later on with the kids, um, when Jackson gets out of school. I want to I definitely want to get outside. It's just been so cold. So, now that the weather's finally nice, I want to get out there. But, so, yeah, that was really like the whole that was our day, you know? We It was kind of like a a chill, relaxed day, which I think, you know, we all need those. So, it's nice to have. And then, um, tomorrow's video is going to be another home vlog as well. I have to edit that, but it was uh that was just another just kind of like chill at home vlog. So, I hope you guys enjoy these home vlogs for these next couple of days. And then when Tim gets back, we'll have some fun videos from his trip. So, I can't wait for you guys to see those. And we uh have some stuff coming up here really soon. Spring break is right around the corner, so that's exciting. Flower and garden is starting very soon. They just released the menus for that. So, be on the lookout for more, you know, park blogs coming up very soon. I'd like to go back out to Marty GR at Universal before that ends, which I think that ends in April if I'm not mistaken. But I'd love to go back out for that. The musical acts, like we had so much fun watching Cascade. I'm not like a Cascade fan. I don't I don't really follow them, but the uh it was fun to be there and like see the concert and like I'd like to do that again. I don't know who else is left on the concert list, but I just think getting out there and seeing anybody would be fun, and I want to try some more of the food. We didn't get to try a lot of the food, so I'd love to get back and try some more of the food as well. So, and of course, the the parade is always fun. I want to actually get I want to throw the beads on the parade. I'd love to be a bead thrower. That's always super fun. I just have to figure out how you sign up for that cuz I know they change it every year. Sometimes you have to sign up in like the Facebook group. Sometimes you can sign up in the park. I just have to figure out how to do it. But I'd love to do that before Marty GR ends. So, uh, those are some things to look forward to. But for now, we're just going to have a couple of home vlogs just um until Tim gets back. He's literally going to be gone for one day. So, it's a very quick trip then. Yeah. And then you'll get some some more park stuff. So, stay tuned for that. But, thank you so much for hanging out with us at home, for doing some birthday gift shopping with us, and uh, you know, just a little cozy home vloggginess. I appreciate you guys being here even when we're not out doing, you know, like park stuff. So, thank you for that. And uh with that being said, I'm off. I'll see you tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. I did it. I know it now.
