---
video_id: 8DkF3Rp2j_c
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Late Night Fun At Disney's EPCOT Moonlight Magic DVC Event! | Rides, Characters & Special Fireworks!"
published: 2026-02-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DkF3Rp2j_c
---
Good evening from the parking lot of Epcot. We're headed in today because there's a Moonlight Magic event. If you guys are not familiar with Moonlight Magic, it is a special event that is available for DVC owners where it's like an after hours event and their friends or guests. And we're able to come tonight because some of our friends over at our Patreon invited us to join them tonight. So, we're going to go inside and we're going to experience shorter than normal weights. Ooh. And I think we get some free snacks. Like I think we get little coupons for free snacks. They've changed some of the some of the things have changed, but I love a Moonlight Magic event. So good. Usually have rare characters out, too. Yeah, there's usually some things that they do specifically for the DVC members, which is cool. So, I can't wait to see what they do tonight. I One of the things, one of my goals for the night is to ride every ride at Epcot. Oh, okay. I think we can do it. I think so. We should be able to with the short lines. Want to make sure that we specify that it's rides, not attractions, because I think The last time I feel like I remember them not having all of World Showcase open. Oh, really? So, like we wouldn't be able to go see the American Adventure. Well, let's see. We'll we'll do some reporting tonight and we'll let you know. Yeah. Stay tuned. Making our way in. Look at Spaceship Earth. It looks so beautiful. Most beautiful girl in school. Do you think that it's um doing the Rainbow Connection right now? Maybe. That kind of That's sort of what it looks like, right? Yeah. It's imagination. Love it. All right, so we just met up with our friends and now we have to go and check in in between creations and connections and we will get our wristbands and our map and our snack coupons. So, let's go do that. So, here we are in between creations and connections. You can see they've got a sign out front that says welcome home members and we can just head back over here and check in right there. Getting our wristbands for the event. There it is. Thank you. So, we got some snack certificates that they gave us on the way into the event after we got our wristbands. And they said that the festival booths close at 9:00, but we can use them at the festival. So, we can use these at the festival booth. So, I'm going to get the steak. Oh, yeah. Should I? Yeah, we got to run around dinner. Oh, yeah. I forgot it's pretty far. It's in America. So, look at this. The characters that are going to be here. Duffy, Star-Lord and Gomorra, Lilo and Stitch, Flick and Princess Ada, Miguel, Olaf, Mushu, Marie, White Rabbit, Mickey and Minnie, Donald and Daisy, Chip andale and Clarice. And then also there's a special DVC fireworks celebration that's going to happen tonight at 11:00. And then from 9:30 until 12:30, there's going to be various locations around where you can get free Mickey Premium bars, free ice cream. Redeem your snack certificates for participating food and beverage locations, but then also free ice cream. That's great. This check-in location is only available red. Wow. Is only available until 8. So, right now it's 7:55. So, we're going to get checked in, but then after 8, you can still check in outside of the gates, but from it was like from 5 until 8, you can check in here and get your wristband ahead of time. It's true. Sorry that there's so many people around us. Like, I'm having a hard time focusing. It's very crowded in here. Right. This is my favorite time of night for a DVC Moonlight Magic event because the day guests are starting to leave. Most of them won't leave until after the fireworks at 9:00, but people are starting to leave and we're just getting here. We're just heading in. The party doesn't start until we walk in. Oh, yeah. Did it start? I think it's I think it started. Is this the party? We did it. We want to use our snack credits because we can use them at the booths and until 9:30 when they close, but we're trying to figure out if it's if we have enough time to go all the way back to America to get the delicious, delicious steak from the other day. It's 8:00 right now. I also know you guys just saw that steak, but what if we did a little research to see if it's still good, right? End of the night steak. What? Who know? Might might be different. We could also get six of them. We should check it out. Yeah, we should. We could get six of them. That's true. Uh, okay. So, should we do that? We can save our other credits cuz that was such a big meal. We can save our other credits for party snacks. Yeah, like popcorn, ice cream. No, ice cream's free. Oh, man. Save it for So, these tickets are good for anything that is on the Disney dining plan. So if it has the Disney dining plan symbol next to it as a snack. Yeah. You can use them on it. So I believe that's everything. Way to go. Are we going the right way? It doesn't. It's America. It's the same either way. It's like directly across. I'd like to do the math and see like cuz I feel like one way is a little bit shorter. Which way? I don't know. I don't know either. Certainly is a busy night at the moment. Well, so that's what I was saying. I was like, should we go the other way because people always kind of walk this way in uh what is that? Counterclockwise. Clockwise. Is that clockwise? Yeah. Yeah. Clockwise. So, we're we're going counterclockwise. We're going against the grain. Oh, yeah. Cuz we're we're a rebel daddy. We're We're not like the other girls, right? We go counterclockwise. Oh, we're coming up close to the United Kingdom. It is. It's got a little bee on it for Winnie the Pooh, but it's like the beefeeders hat. Yeah. I thought it was like a furry beehive. A furry beehive. You know, there it is. These are specific to the United Kingdom at World Showcase. This is the tiger one, too. They're tiger with a bow. That's No, these are just regular tiger. These specifically say United Kingdom on them. These are cute. I like these. Passing by Rosen Crown. In a previous life, I'd be in there bellied up to the bar. So, we're now passing by France. And if you guys were following along when we came to see the food the last time that we were here at Festival of the Arts, this was some place that we hadn't eaten at yet. And there are two new items here. The crab cake lobster bisque and then the chocolate and orange at Claire. But we're not going to have those today. Well, I just I wasn't really feeling like lobster bisque first thing, right? I I feel bad cuz we said that the next time we came, we were going to have this booth and the Japan booth. We should do the We can do the Japan. Yeah. But I really want the steak. We can also do the steak. Okay. The world is our palm tree, right? Goiki. Let's go. So, wait. Are you going to get the bun? You are. And I'm getting the Wagu bun. Let's go. Probably going to skip out on this right now. This is new as well. the tayaki. I don't know. I just want to eat like regular food right now. And this is $10.75 and we're getting it on a snack credit. You see there it is. The Disney dining plan snack credit symbol. Rookie mistake, Tim. Rookie mistake. It's not all of the booths that you can use your coupons at. That's a third party vendor. So, it's not Disney. So, I can't use my coupon there. There's a list on the back of the tickets that tell you which boost you can do. read the back of the thing before you um go all the way to Japan for your We bought it anyway. We got Yeah, we'll show you when we get to a better light. Uh but the boot that is included America. All right. Here's my Wagu bun. It's purple. Oo, I got the Kawaii. So, originally it looked like this, but I didn't want to drop it while walking over here, so I moved it down here like this. But it looks very cute. Look at that little hidden Mickey. Oh, yeah. All right. This is what I like. It's like a street food. You got a little bun here. Give it a try. Walk and talk. That's delicious. There's no American steak, but it is good. There's like a sweet flavor to it, but still, you know what it almost tastes like? And this is going to sound so bizarre coming out of my mouth. Sloppy Joe. Sloppy Joe. It tastes like a sloppy joe last time. Yeah. But like sweeter this time. Something. Maybe it's the the bun. But it does. It tastes just like a sloppy joe. I like it. This is the action shot while we're in line. Look at that. Let's see. Oh, does it still have the tail on it, though? All right. So, this is the shrimp tempora. And the rice, you can't really tell today, but the rice is like a colorful. It's like pink and blue. Pinky. Yeah. Was any Oh, I'm going to get the cake, too. I forgot the cake. Oh, good. Yeah. M I'll have to tell you after I The rice is very sticky. This is like if you're not sure about sushi and you want to like try something that's kind of like mildly adventurous, I would go for this. Okay. Yeah. Why is it mildly adventurous? Well, because it's it's sushi, but it's cooked. Oh, I see. Okay. You know, it doesn't have like a real wild flavor or anything like that, but it is good. All right. I don't have the best lighting, but let me see. The steak like the portions are small. This potato is definitely smaller than what we got on the first day. Well, that wasn't even the first day that we had this. No, it wasn't. It was just a couple of days ago. It was just a random day. But it still looks just as good. It looks amazing. But yeah, it does look the portion sizes for sure are smaller. You know, it's the same portion size. This cake. Chocolate cake. But all my pop rocks pop. So, sorry. Oh, yours. Sorry. Not mine. No, it's okay. You can have some, too. I don't think I'm going to have any. Also, the fires are on because the fireworks are going to happen in 5 minutes. So, while we're eating our steak, fireworks. in my mouth and around it. And then we have our own DVC fireworks later, right? So, these are just We don't need to watch these. They're fish. I'm just kidding. All right. You already had a bite of it. What did you think? So, wa. Yes. God, is that you? So, what did you think? Tim said, so it's not as tender as it was 2 days ago. Still delicious, but it was better. Oh, wo. Even darker two days ago. Oh my gosh. Oh. Y if you look just past Jen, you can see Magic Kingdom fireworks, too. I think a little heart. Oh my gosh, this is so like what? How magical. Oh, moonlight magic. It's real. I'm so like I'm just so happy to be here. Amazing. Right. Was it because of the steak? I don't know. I don't know why. I'm just so happy. Ah, the battery died and I got it back on. We hope you enjoyed Luminous, the symphony of me turning it back on from all of us here at Epcot. Jen's been crying. We wish you a wonderful evening journey home. I'll put a video of what I took over here. I think it's just like this whole show I'm going to cry. Sorry, is about like life and death. And I think just with like everything I think I realized like some people are never going to get to watch that again, right? You know, and like that makes me sad. So anyway, I cried in front of some random lady and she's like, "Are you okay?" And I'm like, "I'm just really happy." I felt like Cassie in the bathroom on Euphoria when she's like, "I'm fine. I'm the best I've ever been." So I think I was right. So American Adventure is where we're at right now. It's 9:26. A little bit of a time between. Doesn't start till 9:30. Let's look at the map and see what rides are listed. Yeah. Oh, good idea. See, that's why she's smarter than me. So, Spaceship Earth, Figment. Okay. Guardians, but Guardians was down. Mission Space. Oh, we got to do Mission Spain. Green and orange. Which one are you going to do? I'm going to do the less barfy one. Yeah, that's orange. Okay. No, it's not. I'm That was mean. I'm sorry. I'm It's not. It's green. I would believe. Oh, jeez. Oh, test track. I for sure want to do Journey of Water. Osaurin, Living with the Land, Seas, Grand Fiesta Tour. Oh, Ratatouille. Yeah, I forgot about Remy. Oh, and it's Oh, it's not 3D anymore. We should go ride it. So, wait, what? Where do we start? Do we start? We should start. Yeah, we'll go uh like should we start in the front and work our way back? Wait, was was Frozen on there? No, we should check it. Okay, so the event has officially begun. It is now 9:30 and this is the crowd level. Look at us go. Beautiful. I love it. We'll definitely be able to ride the things that are on the list. I hope we can ride Frozen. Yeah, if it's open. It wasn't on the list, but we'll find out. All right, we're going to check and see what the wait time is. This is the line right now for Frozen Ever After. Oh, no. This is for Mushu. Just kidding. Okay, well, that's better. There he is. That's a dragon worth fighting for. Getting in line for Frozen Ever After. There's also for Kringala here. This is one of the ice cream stops. Oh, wait. I can just get ice cream right next to it right there. Look at that. just handing out ice cream. Just Mickey premium bar and an ice cream sandwich. Just walk up and take it. I don't even know if I can make out what it says, but it says 35 minutes is the wait time. The posted wait time. But we got in line maybe like 2 minutes ago. It's 9 maybe like 9:37 is when we get in line. We'll let you know when we get on the attraction. I always want to take a picture of the sign and you like cannot. It doesn't. Yeah. What's up with that? This Jen was holding my Mickey Premium bar for me. That's I love key fine. What? Let's see if you guys can see it now. Oh, see it went down to 30. Did Oh, there it is. You can barely see it. 30 minutes. Who's uh whose snowshoes are these? Olaf's. He doesn't He's made of snow. Why would he need shoes? It's a good question. Do we miss him? There he is. Oh, there he is. I'll be out in a minute. every purchase the biscuit. Oh no, it's happening. Getting in. Can we scooch in? Like this is wet over here, so I don't want to get wet. Oh no, you'll be okay. No, it's too cold to do that. Don't play. You're coming. So beautiful. It's so bumpy. Here we go. Icy Mountain. Here we go. New faces. Are you ready to see awesome? They were born already for the first time in forever. Okay. Brian, I'm still crying. That's the frozen fire. Well, it bothered me. Snuggies. You going to say let it go. Oh, I used my photo. I missed it. Oh no. Oh no. Animatronic puffins. and you guys will be there when I finally do what things do. I forgot to get the exact time that it took us to get on the ride, but around 24 25 minutes. So, I think we did pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, that's fantastic. Also, the animatronics look great. I thought so, too. Yeah. Her name is DVC. DBC the whole thing. It was my idea. You rank me later. I will. It's my cousin Delila. She's perfect. Delila. Delila Van Clee. The DVC as well. Okay. DBC, but she's DVC. I'm the real DV. Delila Van Cle. This is amazing. Oh my god. Where can we send our mothers to get our their hair done like this? Oh, are you calling us old? I'm I'm not I'm not His mother is very young. Well, we're we're representing 1991, the year the DBC began. Oh my gosh. Representing 1991. 35. You can see right there. Not born yet. I was in New York, right? Yeah. So then you guys lived where? All over wherever wherever point. I thought you lived at who? Well, there was a time. There was a time. I believe he was looking at you and old. Are you filming this? Oh, yeah. We met two members earlier. We did. And uh she said she called me Mrs. D. She did. What? And then she said, "I think I'm mistaking you for Tootsie." For Tootsie. Oh my goodness. She said that again. I had self-esteem when I showed up here tonight and I'm leaving with none. And it's a good thing we're here with all the members cuz they are magical. Dear everybody, go and get in line at DVC Boost and buy it right now and come to these events and tell them like get the lines out the door to meet them because tell Disney we want more streetphere back. We need it. Bring them back. And right across the way, Miguel is meeting and greeting with guests. Okay, we didn't film any of that, but there was just some more street streetmosphere down here. Mark Daniels was there a film in the '90s, you know, and we were talking to them about Montgomery Wars. We're talking about Spencers. We were talking to them about uh Columbia House music, the CDs. We're talking about everything from the '90s. And it was great. And we're talking them about Crossroads and the Sizzler, man. And it felt good because we're from here and we were here in the '90s. We talked about uh Jungle Jim's peanut butter burger. We talked about structure in the mall. Spencer's. We talked about the landing. Oh, yeah. The landing. The sizzler. Oh, it's actually was it the ponderosa or was it the sizzler? Which one? Over at the cross. I think it was ponderosa. Put them in ponderosa. And and I told her I said I would go every Friday with my grandparents and get the catfish. Oh, and the entertainment book. Yeah. With the coupons in it. Oh yeah, the entertainment book. That's how I was able to afford to go to Jungle Gyms and get the peanut butter burger because it was buy one get one free from the entertainment book. Who remembers that? Anybody else from Orlando? Did you guys have entertainment books other places? I feel like it was like a high school. We sold them at my high school. Yeah. So, thank you. Next stop, Grand Fiesta Tour starting with three caviaros. There's nobody in the Mexico pavilion. Why isn't anybody riding this ride? I don't know. We have a whole boat to oursel or a Grand Fiesta. There you go. View of how empty the Mexico pavilion is. It's like quieter in here. Disney, when are you going to update these animatronics? Guy playing the little like guitar over here. Oh, I missed it. Donald's outfit right there. No matter where he goes, the one, two, and three go away. We get it. You guys have lights. Jeez, there's so many lights. Good evening, everyone. In just a few minutes, Disney Vacation Club will celebrate all members with a special fireworks presentation over World Showcase. Join us as we set the night a glow and let the whole world know that where we are is right. Right where we belong. Oh. Heat. Heat. Oh, Heck yeah. All right, the fireworks phenomenal. Super fun. I like that they like really set them off at the end. So good. Uh now we are going to go to try to ride test track. I think we'll see if it's running. If not, maybe Guardians something over there. All right, we just took a few moments to film a Tik Tok or a real with Nick. Yeah. Uh, but now it's going to be funny. I can't wait for you guys to see it. Now, we're headed to ride test track. I also got a really weird Pokémon Go. Look at this. I don't That's inside of the Communicore. Oh, hold on. Wait, what is it? It's inside the Communicore, I think. What does it say? It should say where it's at. It says Mickey mural inside Creations. Inside Creations. Oh, okay. Oh, it's in there. Gotcha. I've never seen it before. Not in the community. It's inside creation. Okay. Well, anyway, I got so many Pokéballs tonight. Oh, how many did you get? I can't I don't know how I don't know how to tell how many I have. You You click on your items. Yeah. Oh, 20 minute wait for test track. Let's see. Okay, I think we can do it. Let's do it. Let's go. This line is moving so fast. You think we'll be able to do Guardians? Oh, no. Our line slowed down for sure here. You think it'll be 20 minutes? Yeah, probably. That's okay, though. Okay. Okay. I really want to ride it. Should we What do you think would be better to get out of line and go to Guardians? What do you want to ride more? I feel like this. Okay, let's ride this. Just cuz I haven't ridden this in so long. Yeah. When's the last time you rode Guardians? Um, before test. I came for a girls day with one of my friends and we rode Guardians. Okay. And we went to JO82. J I thought you said J. I was like, what is J82? My necklace. Oh, yeah. Look, Jackson and Oliver, 1982. There it is. The year that Epcot opened. 1991. Oh, I thought you meant DBC. Uh, General Motors. I I don't want to be the one to tell you guys this, but I don't think this car is going to move. I think you're missing some parts to it. But like, fun fact, this is how all the electric cars out on the road are. It's like a skateboard, right? So, the batteries sit down underneath and it's got Mine's got four motors. This one's got two. one in the front, one in the back, powering all the wheels. But this is the battery. And the idea was it like puts all the weight down low so it's harder to roll the car. But like also people have these ideas where you could drop the battery off from underneath it and put a new battery in. But that never happened. That hasn't happened yet in mass production. We did it. We're on. It's 12:22 now. I always forget what time we actually got on or what time we got in the line. 45 times. I don't think we're going to make it on the Guardian. I am your test vehicle. What are you doing? Founding future. Just be yourself. And now we set a course for the future. Welcome to the Let me show you how I see the world. These are businesses. By using advanced cameras and sensors, vehicles are constantly scanning the road ahead, helping to prepare us for any surprises. Got to watch out for Ducks. Oh no. Watch out for that car. It's made of D. Okay, we did it. Power transfer complete. Smart roads are just the beginning. 101. Imagine being able to customize your vehicle at home. First, select a new vehicle body. What about this one? Good choice. Oh, it's nice. Now, let's see how it looks. There we are. That looks good with the third row. Oh, I can get used to this. Now, how about we kick back and enjoy the ride. 82 miles. Have a lot of references to 1982 in here. I think we're having too much fun. Wo wo wo wo. Watch out. Look out for that truck. It's called you. I got this. Oh man. Finding new ways to drive to a brighter tomorrow. Ready to see what else lies beyond the horizon? Yes, I am ready. Let's go. Oh, it's so cold out here. Oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. Look, there's all the cars of the future. Oh, there's cars out there. Yeah. Oh goodness. Oh god. Wow. 64 5 mph. 65.1. Oh my goodness. We did it. We did it. We did it. It's crazy cuz we drive faster than that on the highway, but it feels so fast. Did we Did Did it used to go 60? Our test drive might increase the speed. Just ahead is the vehicle showcase. Oh no. Watch out for that car. Latest innovations from General Look. We're like stuck here and for a while the narrator and the car were like having jokes back and forth. Please remain seated. Your testing experience has resumed. Like we're at a day and age where you don't exit through the gift shop. You exit after you watch the commercial. I like how on the inside of this Escalade it's got these cameras and it kind of looks like a little like happy face there. Look at that. It's just a little happy guy. Oh, I can buy a General Motors spirit jersey. Buick shirt. Give me a Buick shirt. I'm going to show up like with a Buick hat on. Yeah. I like Cadillac has one of the most iconic emblems of all cars ever made. And this is the shirt that they give you. Does it have it on the back? No. What is happening? Who I This was They whoever was in charge of the Cadillac shirt like phoned it in. One time we were driving down the road and on a telephone pole off the side of the road, there was a sign that just said the words free web design and a phone number. And I said, "That's the most amazing thing I've ever seen because it's just words. There's zero design put into the advertisement. I think it it creates an air of mystery. It creates an air of here's what you're gonna get and that's who designed that Cadillac shirt. So, I have a question for you. We just passed by a sign for Festival of the Arts. Mhm. So, I know that everything is a festival here at Epcot, but do you think at one point there was like a round table amongst Disney Imagineers? Like, should we not call it a festival? Why not? Because it's Festival of the Arts farts. Oh, right. Well, like somebody at Disney had to see that when they heard it. Like festival of the arts. I don't I don't call it like a What's a different word for festival? Um, a fair. That's still the same thing. Uh, I think they had no choice. Yeah, I guess you're right. Well, it is 12:36 and you know what they say, the party don't end until we walk out, but unfortunately the party for for ice cream and popcorn. Yeah, they're trying to get rid of their little coupons. Oh, you know. All right. Cuz you got to use them or else you they're done. I can't You know what they say? They say if you don't use it, you lose it. That's true. That's exactly what happens. So, we're making our way up to the front now. Oh, they've already started taking down the like DVC signs and everything. They're like six minutes after it closes. Rip it up. So, we're headed to the front now because they are shutting it down. I'm tired. I'm tired, too. All right. So, there you have it. That was our trip out to Epcot for Moonlight Magic. What a magic event. Magical. It's magical. It's in the name. Like, it's so good. It's such a fun event. Like, I loved all the characters. I loved that there was like shorter waits for the lines. I like that there was low crowds. I love the street atmosphere. Oh my gosh, that made my whole night. Write your local Write Josh tomorrow. We told them we were going to email Josh and be like, "Bring them back and tell them you want more streetphere." I love Citizens of Hollywood. Her name was DVC, right? She was the And then her sister's initials were DVC. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was amazing. They need to bring them back. That was That was awesome. It is 12:30 at night, though, so we do have to call it a night. They're kicking us out. Like the party's over, but also I'm so tired. Yeah. But this was wonderful. It was a great way to spend the evening. We saw so many of you. We ran into friends. We ate delicious food. We went 65 miles an hour. It was great. It was so much fun. So, all in all, a fantastic day. With that being said, we'll see you guys tomorrow. And now you didn't say we're off. I didn't say it. And with that being said, we're off. And I'll see you guys tomorrow. Hi, I'm Jensen. And now it's time to play the price.
