---
video_id: R3f5GPwX9qk
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Trying NEW Food & Drinks At Disney's Festival Of The Arts In EPCOT! Creative Foods, Art & More!"
published: 2026-01-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3f5GPwX9qk
---
Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning from Epcot. We are here today to head to the International Festival of the Arts. Festival of the Arts is a festival that celebrates all the different arts, culinary arts, performing arts, and actual art. Art visual like visual arts. Yeah. I'm excited for the food. I'm excited to see the different artist booths. There are a lot of like different things happening that are new like Lorana is involved this year. And then we still have like the figment paint with the master scavenger hunt and things like that. So, I'm excited to go in and like have a look around and experience the event. One of my favorite things about the event is obviously the food and I love seeing the art. We've purchased art from the festival in the past and I want to see what they have today. So, let's head inside. I'm interested to see Oh my goodness. The wait time for Spaceship Earth. What is it? Today's a Wednesday the 21st. What does it say? I can't see. I don't know. But the line is all over the place. You see it? Oh, yeah. Oh my goodness. Let's find out. Oh my goodness. 30 minutes. Oo, it's a busy busy day in the parks today. All right, so we've made it into Epcot here and the first place that we're going to head to is over by the Encanto stage where we will go to Festival Favorites before going into the Communicore where we can go see the art of Disney on Broadway, which is a an exhibit showing off different elements from the different Disney Broadway plays. We went to this last year and it was really neat cuz we got to see props and puppets from The Lion King. So, I'm excited to see what they brought this year. We've got Max and Abdar doing some juggling out here. Oh. Oh, that was cool. So, the first booth we're coming up to is called Opening Bites over here in Communicore. Let's see what they've got. Oh, the soft shell crab. You remember this thing? And the enchanted rose. I don't remember loving it. So, this I think is like bites from festivals past, which is typically what you'll find here. I don't know if these are like favorites necessarily. You think the soft shell crab slider was a favorite? I think it was something that looked weird so more people got it. It was an interesting one. Okay. Okay. So, I think we're going to skip this booth and we'll head over to the uh the magic of Disney on Broadway. So, we just saw one of the sh soft shell crabs come out and it didn't look as breaded as it was last year. Like you could see more of the crab through the breading. It actually looked pretty good, but I don't think I want to start with that. Yeah, it's a bit weird just like eating an alien right off the bat. So, here in Communicore Hall, the exhibit is called Once Upon a Stage, celebrating the magic of Disney on Broadway. But before we even head inside, something gold caught my eye. A shiny a shiny shiny a shiny Pokémon. Oh my goodness, look at the size of this thing. There's a big old genie lamp. So, this used to be part of the marquee on the new Amsterdam Theater for when Aladdin was on Broadway. You know what they say? They say, "Tell all my friends down on 42nd Street." Is that what they say? Yeah. This thing weighed uh 1,200 lb. Does it still weigh,200 lb? Yeah. Why wouldn't it weigh any less? I don't know. That seems like a lot. 14 ft tall. Wow. It's big. Oh, he's rubbing it. Oh, man. Are you allowed to touch it? I don't think you are. Yeah. No, he was hoping for a genie. Oh, it did. Oh my goodness. What? It happened. What's your first wish? More wishes. That was amazing. Oh, was that what was supposed to happen or does that happen? Did it happen because he rubbed it or is it like on a timer? I have no idea. I didn't think you were allowed to touch it. Oh my goodness. I'm losing my mind right now. This was amazing. It's still happening. Is the genie actually going to come out? Yes. What if a man came out of there? Just any any man. Any random man. He's like, "Uh, hello." Bob Iger comes out for a moment. An omnisient voice came out and said, "Welcome to Once Upon a Stage." and like beckoned us forth and then the doors opened and I was like, "Oh, look at that. It's pretty neat." I feel like it's like, you know, that thing in cartoons where somebody's smelling something and then they like they like float in like their their feet drag and they like float in. That's me. Oh, going to see the musical stuff. I like this. But before we head into the Broadway exhibit, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat subscription box that delivers highquality meats and seafood directly to your door. So you can skip the grocery store and have premium proteins delivered right to your home. It means we can get what we want when we want it. Let's have a look and see what we got in this month's box. Ooh. Ooh. St. Louis style pork spare ribs. We've got our 100% grass-fed ground beef. Beef strip steak. Boneless. Oh, some fillet. Yeah, some grass-fed fillet. This is one thing that I was excited for. The ribeye steak, grass-fed beef sirloin tips, chicken tenderloins, some chicken breast. Yeah, look at that. Family favorite. All of these things delivered right to our door and we never had to go to the grocery store. And they come straight to your door frozen. So, we're just going to pop these right into the freezer until we're ready to use them. Because we've had ButcherBox delivering our meats, we have found ourselves making healthier choices when cooking dinner, choosing more whole food ingredients, and prioritizing proteins when cooking. This has helped contribute to a healthier start to 2026. It has taken the guesswork out of dinner time. The kids absolutely love the chicken breast and I have been loving the steaks. With our busy schedule, one thing that has been amazing has been the flexible delivery schedule. If we need to adjust the delivery or what's inside the box, it's super easy to manage online. Plus, delivery is free. So, if you're interested in checking out Butcher Box for yourself, be sure to use the down below or the QR code on the screen. And if you use our code Timra 20 at checkout, you get $20 off your first box. Plus, new users will get a free gift in every box for an entire year. So, we wanted to say thank you to ButcherBox for sponsoring today's video. And now, back to the video. It says, "Discover where imagination and craftsmanship collide." You know what I got a feeling of? What? I just got a feeling of like Muppets here. Oh, yeah. I know it's not Muppets. I know this is Beauty and the Beast, but like for a second. Costumes. Yeah. Right. Like look at I I never would have seen all of these details if I had seen this like on Broadway, right? This is cool. Yeah. So this is like a model of the stage. Oh, you can see in the wings too of like people waiting and like props waiting to come out. Oh, I love that. Sort of how they probably like planned out what the stage was going to look like and like what the props were going to be. Close of fantasy. Doesn't it look like the thing? Wow. Look, there's the there's the beast. This is cool, right? Oh, and there's the there's the rose. The enchanted rose. It says the set to the left is features Stanley A. Meer scenic design from the brand new production of Beauty and the Beast. One of a kind and handcrafted dollhouse size version of the real and very big set that is currently touring across North America. This is interesting because each of these different dresses from Belle are from different uh tours. So, this is from the Australian tour. This one's Broadway and this one's Shanghai. Wow, this one's very sparkly. This one's my favorite. I love the overlay over the ruffled dress. Yeah, I think that looks so cool. Wow. I got to say, I wish my furniture made us clothes. Pretty nice, right? So this is sort of a display of backstage like we're in the wings of the stage and we're going to this is where the director the show director would sit calling the shots calling the different things that are happening the lighting cues the stage cues the acting cues the music cues so stage director wild don't trip don't trip some people are worth melting for I love this this would be um I could never do this do you hear I don't know if you guys can hear them but like could you Imagine looking at this video and being like, "Ah, I know exactly what's happening there." Like, you just have to know the the show in and out, forward and backwards. And then you can see this is what they would be seeing from side stage of the actual production happening when they're doing makeup here. This is the makeup chair. So, you can see they're putting on makeup for this might be for the beast. Oh, different wigs and things. You see Lumir's wig, Gaston's wig. Yeah, fancy beast. That's really funny. A little thing there. So, I'm assuming this is the beast that we're doing here. But I like that you can see these different like personalized touches that they added here. Different photos and things that maybe the costume or the makeup designer might have had when doing makeup. Oh yeah, you can kind of see the progress of the beast's prosthetic. And there he is when he's done. I like that he they also like tried to blend in the microphone there, too. Then we move on to Lion King. And this is one that we saw when it came to Orlando. It was awesome. And yeah, these were the same things that we saw last year as far as the things that were on display from the Lion King. But it was neat because last year we hadn't seen the Lion King when it came to Orlando and now we have. So, it's cool to see these after we saw them in action. And I cannot recommend enough. You guys should go see Lion King if it comes to town. It was really cool. I love seeing this. This is like the Pride Rock. Oh, yeah. But look at it from the front. Oh yeah. and Scar behind it. And if you're also also if you're a fan of Broadway, they do do the Broadway concert series at the America Adventure Theater at night. So they will have stars from Disney on Broadway coming. Yes. To Epcot and you could see them perform songs from various musicals. I think uh one of the nights they even have the Genie. They actually have everybody except for um no Jordan Fischer is going to be here the last two nights. All the people that we saw. So they don't sort of have it. They have Susan Egan and James Monroe Inglehart too. But like some of the other people that we saw also will be here. Oh, that's exciting. And then finally, we've got some costumes from Hercules, Newsies, Mary Poppins, Aladdin, The Little Mermaid, and then Frozen back there. A Lion King behind as well. But really what I'm here for, Jack Kelly. I kind of love seeing the little Olaf. There's an Olaf toy. I like I like how his feet say Olaf. Oh yeah. I like seeing Ariel's little tail. Oh yeah. So, one of our friends actually went to see Frozen on Broadway and they bought us the Olaf plush and the Spven plush. They are so cool. I think that's one of my favorite things um that anybody's ever gotten us. They're so neat. And like the Sven plush looks like this. Yeah, it's really cool. Like a hyper realistic, but it has like the the little shaggy kind of I love it. Like mossy almost. Yeah. And because Figment is an imagination dragon, he does play a huge part in Festival of the Arts. Is this the back of this one? Let me see. Yeah, I like this. Yeah, it's cool. And then this is the back of this one. I like that Figment looks kind of like he's on a beach vacation here. And then when I was younger, I had a Figment plush that I loved and I kind of want to get one for the kids. It's kind of like What size is this? This is a medium. It's one of those like oversized kind of crop shirts. Okay. I was going to say it's really soft. Oh, okay. Yeah. Corksicles. We love corksicles. Here's what I want you to do. Corksicle. Stop with this. I want you to get me a mug for Festival of the Arts. Uh, you know, like a Stanley. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which they they call it the What do they not the commuter? It has a name. They call it. Yeah. Yeah. Also, I like the ears this year, too. They're cool. A little picture frame. And then a little notepad. Or, if you will, for Festival of the Arts, a drawing pad. Ooh. Also like this purse, too. Is this a Loungefly? Oh, this like a little little charm is a little thing of paint. Like a little paint tube. Is it a Loungefly? It is. Oh, okay. Yeah. So, I'm going to guess on this. $95. 85. 85. Yep. Oh, man. That was That was closeish. And then that means that these are Loungefly ears, too. So, I don't see the price anywhere. 45. It's on the tag. Oh, man. I'm This is the first time I've ever seen I love that they're starting to take like the bows. Take the bow off. I think that's fun. You know what they should do? They should make bows for each festival. I know that Disney won't do this cuz they want to sell the whole ears, but So, you can change them out for each festival. That is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then we've got some of the passholder merch over here. I like this little It's like a I would call this because it's Festival of the Arts, a pencil case, even though I'm sure this is a purse. Very lightweight. $25. A passholder shirt. Uh, like I'm not not a fan of this, but I like the other one better. Like the regular shirt from the passholder shirt. But passholder shirt, $37. And then here's the spirit jersey. So right now they're doing the Encanto celebration. Sort of like a singalong audience participation in Kanto thing. But across from that, just outside of Communicore Hall is the stage here. So Liveheart is an acoustic pop singer songwriter. And then Ben Woah is a world music violinist mu violinist musical experience. So you might see a singer songwriter. You might see a violinist. There's a lot of different booths here for art. Jared Franco's here painting right now. He's already painting Fuzzy. You know you got my heart already when you're painting Fuzzy. He's got a Sorcerer Mickey going over there. It's pretty awesome. Like I love This is probably one of my favorite things is like seeing the art. Me too. Look at how fuzzy Pooh is. Oh my goodness. He looks like a like a jelly cat, doesn't he? This is one of the Jared Franco's pieces. Yeah. Also, I like how fluffy you're making poo. Oh, this one's him, too. I like that. Yeah, it's cool. So pretty. So, we just talked to the artist back at the booth and the gallery manager about the Winnie the Pooh with the red balloon. That is from a drop that he had on Wednesday and there's only a few pieces left and that one is selling for I think he said 15,500 and he said that if I if we bought it right now we could get a 10% discount or they're offering a 0% financing offer for 36 months and if you get into their galleries financing offer you could pay it off at any point that you have the piece before the 36 months is off with no penalty and then you're in their 0% % financing like in their system already. So you could purchase other pieces of art from the gallery which is actually at Disney's Boardwalk for 0% financing. So it's kind of an interesting little thing that they do to help people kind of collect original art. The only thing is if you bought it now you could have the artist and he's already signed it but you could have him like write something on the back. You could take a photo with him with the painting so that you could have it with your like in your memories. But also, they said that if you bought it, they would come to your house like delivered to your house and hang it for you, which is kind of a neat little offering that they're I mean, I would imagine that's paying $15,000 for a piece of art. It makes sense that they would like help you out with hanging it, you know. Forgot to mention that $15,000 includes them delivering it to the house and hanging it. Oh, it's a steal of a deal. It's a deal. Although I do understand, you know, that the artist's work is, you know, it's it's they're pricing it based on like how long it took them to paint it, the material. So, I get it. I just don't know that I will be buying a $15,000 piece of art today. But I love looking at them. So, I'm going to buy one. Are you? I love talking to the artists, too. I think that's one of my favorite things. And seeing them painting in real time. How cool. How cool is that? How much do you think that Fuzzy one was, though? That was I like that one. Yeah. Yeah. You think he'd do a Bean Bunny one for me? Yeah. Oh, let's ask him. Okay, first boot that we're coming to on the imagination, like the walk between Imagination and World Showcase is the Craftsman Courtyard. And there's nothing new here this year, so we're not going to be stopping here to get anything, but I want to show you guys the menu anyways. They have a beef Wellington inspired croissant supreme. That looks really good though. It does look really good. And some cast iron roasted Prince Edward Island muscles. I feel like maybe the prices might have gone up a little bit. We got $8.50 or $7.99 for these. We'll be looking at the other the other menus to see if I feel the same way. Also, if you're a fan of coffee or an oldfashioned, they have a coffee oldfashioned. One of the unique things that they do at Festival of the Arts is they do this paint by numbers mural that will be filled throughout the event and they'll replace it multiple times. But basically, you come as a guest and they give you a little thing of paint, a little ramkin of paint and a paintbrush and you paint three blocks of your color and then by the end of it the guests of Epcot will have created a work of art. So, we have to go over to the expression section first and get some paint. The paint distribution that happens daily from 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Can't be painting in the dark. They don't like that. All right. I got 13 and Jen got four. Same color, though. Same similar color, I think. Maybe not the same. Oh, yeah. You do have to be careful with this paint because this is real paint. So, if you get it on your clothes, you've been painted. Oh, no. I thought it was fake paint. Oh, yeah. You see that a lot at Disney. Fake paint. Okay. You ready? Oh, I was born ready. Okay, here I go. I'm going to do three. Yeah, we're good. I'm going to do these and then you do the ones under me. I got confused when you said you were doing three and then started painting four. You're doing three squares. Yeah. Yeah. But painting number four. What? This one is a little It's soaking into that canvas real quick, isn't it? I'm trying. Oh, no. I don't know if I'm an artist. I think you are. It's like everybody can cook. It's like Remy says, but everybody's an artist. I don't think I'm going to quit my day job. Okay. I think your day job is artistry. Oh, how about that? Little did you guys know, Jen is a yodeler. She's into it, isn't she? Look at her go. Oh, I don't You did great. Okay, I'm proud of you. Yeah, mine's like not exactly a daddy like a a white. It's more of a right in this section. I've got 13s and fives. If you want to just hang right there and Oh, like almost like a green color. Oh, this is interesting because I feel like in years past they didn't make it look pixelated when they gave you the little bookmark thing here, but now they made it look pixelated. So, you will see what it actually looks like when the mural is completed. And also, they do have Guardians of the Galaxy on there this year and the Montreal. This is cool. All right, our first stop will be at Pop Eats. And so, we're going to be getting this croman sure inspired grilled cheese with black forest ham grier and bashameal sauce served with tomato soup. It does come with a like a souvenir can. I'm excited to try that. Oh, no. That's the grilled cheese. Which one? This one down here is the one that we're getting. But it does also come with the the souvenir can for the soup to come in. And so the grilled cheese is $5.99. That is a returning favorite, but the croman sure is new this year for $6.79. A very popular bootth this year. I know. You think they're going to run out of the soup cans? I don't I honestly I don't want the can. Yeah. I I never like want to take home souvenir from these festivals because we have so many things. Um so maybe if we get it, I'll give it to somebody. Okay. Yeah. Before we get our food, I wanted to show off this is the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. This is one of the things that you can do while you're here. Purchase any five menu items from the list down here. Then collect a matching stamp. So when you buy the item, they will stamp your festival passport. And then once you complete it, you can bring the stamp festival passport back to Deco Delights for a festival treat. And here's the list of the food that's available. Here it is. This is our I'm just going to call it a ham and cheese sandwich. It's a croak mansier inspired grilled cheese. This is what it's supposed to look like. This is what it looks like. I think it looks fairly close. It's just kind of like a little bit shifted to the side there. I think that just means the cheese is extra melty. Oh yeah. I'm going to do We watched this whole Tik Tok yesterday where people were trying to do a cheese pull and like nothing happened. It was really funny. That's going to be me today cuz the face they were like and then they like closed their eyes and like nothing's nothing's happening. It was amazing. It was like, you remember America's Funniest Home Videos? It would It would have been on there. Yeah, I'll do it. I'll show you. All right, we're gonna split this one right down the center. And I'm excited for it. Look at the golden crisp on that bread and the butteriness. Okay, I'm going to do the smaller side because I feel like you were more excited than me for this one. Oh, yeah. I do like a ham and cheese. It looks good. M. Okay. The cheese is so creamy. The ham is like salty. It goes nice with the creaminess of the cheese. The bread is buttery. I don't think you can go wrong with this. Should I dip it in my Yeah, let's see this. See this dip? We give it a little dip. Oh, I got a lot of cream. Little bit of hair. Very good. Wow. You're going to definitely want to dip it in the soup. Delicious. This is a great way to start. Is it good soup? Good soup. Oh yeah. Let's bring that meme back. Let me give it another taste with more of the cream. Just the soup by itself. Very good. Okay. I like a good tomato soup though. And that is They're both good on their own. They're even better together. I love that. Oh, better together. Yeah. Better zoo together, if you will. Oh, as promised. Here's my cheese pull. That's what they were doing in the video. It was so funny. And there was nothing there. So, because this is like a bashimal kind of a sauce, you would never get a cheese pull from this, I don't think. But yeah, you know, never say never. I guess this tastes like I'm gonna give this like a real non fancy like taste. This tastes like hot dogs and Alfredo. What? Really? Mhm. No, I love it. I don't think it I I think it tastes on like a grilled grilled bread. Okay. Pretty good. Before we head to our next food booth, I wanted to show off some of the artwork. This is Rob Catz. This one's my favorite right here. Oh no, Stitch isn't quite tall enough yet. I like these ones that are like the maps of the different theme parks. I like this Haunted Mansion one, too. Oh, them like in their ponchos playing in the rain outside of Cinderella Castle. And next up is Mexico's El Artista Ambriento booth where we're going to try all of the new items today. Okay, from the Mexico booth, we got the passion fruit petta and it has already melted on us. So, it's it's still although we're wearing sweaters, it is still kind of a warm day. So, this is a tropical passion fruit ice pop filled with sweet and condensed milk and topped with chili lime seasoning. And then also, we forgot to say, but the pto was $6.55. M. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. This is so good. We should get another one. Okay. M I want to try it. Sweet and spicy. A little um not too spicy. A little kick. Salty. Okay. You got to try it before it melts. Yeah. all the way. So, this is the chili orientento taco flour taco filled with seared beef tenderloin, pablano pepper, black beans, and salsa roa for $8.75. And this is the tostada de congreo crispy corn tortilla topped with guacamole, lump crab, mango, crispy onions, and hot sauce. Ooh, for $9.50. Oh, no. Sorry. Me chili. My fajitas. My fajitas. Disney hack. I only get to eat one. I dropped the other one. So, they did um let me have another one, but I wouldn't recommend dropping your food. No. All right, let me give this a tasty before we drop it again. I am so frightened to like drop this on my pants. Look at the juice that's in there. Oh no. So, here we go. I'm going to hold it way away from me. Okay. To eat it. Extreme closeup. Oh my gosh, that is so good. It's so flavorful. It like hits you with that saltiness right off the bat and like the fl I kind of wish this was a corn tortilla, which is unusual for me cuz I do like flour tortillas, but like the cheese in there and then like the saltiness of the beef and then also I don't even know how to describe like the sauciness of the sauce. I wanted to say creaminess, but it's not cream. It's like, you know what I mean? Like the thickness, the heartiness of the sauce. Yeah. Yeah. The salsa rojo. It is so good. Also, I was expecting it to be a little bit spicy, and it is slightly like this much spicy. Perfect. All right, so this is the tostada de konga, and this was $9.50. It smells really good. Okay, let's see. How do you eat this? Just like that. You got to eat it like the birds tried, too. Ooh, that's good. The hot sauce is spicy. Wow. Oh, heck yeah. So, it's a little sweet. Like crab meat almost has like a little bit of a sweet flavor to it, if that makes sense. There's some kind of fruit in there. What? What was the fruit? Mango. Mango. Yeah. And crispy onions. It's very good. So, it's sweet. It's spicy. The uh the guacamole is a little creamy. The crab is delicious. Real crab. This has been sitting for a minute because we've been trying other foods and it's still very crunchy. I would totally get this again. Wow, this is so good. I'm going to eat this whole thing. Disney fine arts. This is awesome. Oh, I love that. So, this is different artists. Trevor Carlton is one of our favorites that we like to see. He does kind of like performance art when he's painting, but I also like his his style like this. I love it. Like in a photo booth. That's fun. This orange bird. This is cool. Michelle St. Laurent. It's like a stained glass orange bird. I love that. Oh, same here. This isn't stained glass, but another orange bird one. So, this is what I was talking about with Figments Brush with the masters. So what you do is you go around all of World Showcase or all of Epcot and you try to find these various pieces of art, but instead of looking like say the Mona Lisa, it's Figment there. So you have to try to find Figment has replaced himself in these pieces of art and you have to go around and find where Figment is and then you put the stamp on there and then you come back and you can redeem it for a special prize. Now, this one does cost money. It's $1.99 and I'll show you why. So, after you complete the brush with the masters, this is one of the prizes that you can get. It's like a paint by numbers. Are these stickers or are they is it paint? I'm not sure. It might be sticker by number. And next up, we have the fictional Vuals booth or the fictional Viddles booth. We're still not sure how to pronounce it, but let's go try some food. So, I wanted to get this before it melted. This is from Fictional Victuals. This is the upside down shake yellow cake soft serve featuring Twinings English breakfast tea. And this is a non-alcoholic beverage. Okay. So, it could also be pronounced fictional viddles, right? We're not sure. We're truly not sure. Leave a comment. Oh, it doesn't taste like tea. Sorry, these birds, man. Yeah, they're coming after us. They are. Um, it doesn't taste like tea. I thought it would. M. I'm interested in the fact that it's yellow cake soft serve. It literally just tastes like if you were to blend up cake. It's like a cake milkshake. Oh, I just had like a really big uh deja vu moment. Of what? Of the birds. Of the cake milkshake. Of the food on the ledge there. Oh, like we've already done this before. Creepy. X Files. It was very good. Super creamy. Not super sweet. Almost more buttery in flavor, if that makes sense. I would totally get this again. And this was $5.29. I think that's well worth it. Yeah. Yeah. Plus, you get a little cupcake. All right. So, we've got the way that this is set up is it's set up into different chapters. So, this is chapter one, the beach oysters, grilled oysters, mustard seed, pepperc corn sabayon, and cream spinach. And this was $7.99. Then we got chapter 2, which is a plate of impossible bites, roasted turkey breast, onion and bacon custard tart, cherry gel, brown butter toast milk foam, and pineapple toffee butter for $7.49. And then last, we've got chapter three, the tea treat. Earl Grey, chocolate pota creme, lemon matteline, rose and raspberry jam, and a tea biscuit crumble. And this was $5.99. All right, trying the oysters first. I think these are going to be all not all me cuz you don't eat them. Um, we're here with a friend. She can't eat them. That's it. I don't actually know. So, just just scoop it all up. Yeah. Oh, you did it. Oh, wow. This is a big bite. Oh my gosh. Am I going to do this in one bite? I think you have to, right? Okay. They're grilled though, right? So, they're like fully cooked. Oh, that sounded convincing. She goes, "There's so much other stuff on there. They don't taste like oysters. I'm not I'm not getting an oyster flavor." Whatever this is is kind of sweet. What was this? Oh, my phone is down there next to you. Hold on. It's very sweet. Whatever that is is very sweet. Let me try Let me do one more. Oh, that was the uh the thing that I didn't quite know how to say. Right. Oh, the Sabayan thing. This also is a little sweet. a little salty. I love spinach. So, the spinach was wonderful. You really can't taste the oyster at all. So, if you don't love oyster and you want to try something fun and different, I think you could still try this one cuz you don't really taste them. So, this is just the oyster. I just pulled it out. I don't know. So, it is fully cooked. Kind of looks like liver. Okay. Ooh. Here's my like I'm going to call this the everything bagel of the festival. There was so many different things in it. You get the traditional turkey flavor of like Thanksgiving turkey. It's like rosemary almost, but then you put it in this like cheesy sauce and it's sweet. I do also want to point out even though the plate of Impossible bites, this is not a vegetarian meal. A little bit deceiving cuz they say Impossible there. And Impossible is a brand name of of meat-free food, but this one is not meat-ree. That is the strongest flavored thing that I've ever had at a festival. What's the flavor? like smoky smoky bacony kind of like custardy but like a like an egg custard. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's pretty good. All right. I would get this again. There was one year that we got something over in Germany like an onion bread. Oh yeah. You know how that was like so powerfully flavored? Same idea here. Okay. You got to try this. So the white stuff is the brown butter toast milk foam. And this one over here that tastes like liqufied toast. It does. Yeah. All right. Hey, we figured it out. Try this white stuff. Investigatory reporting. Try the white stuff. It's delicious. You're going to get that from us. I'm going to kind of create my own here. I like that you're doing that. That's fun. It's like you're seasoning the tea. I think it needs it. Right. Like you're putting your sugar in your tea. Yes. Um Okay. I'm going to take a bite. Here it comes. All right. It very much tastes like uh Earl I almost wanted to say James Earl Gray tea. What is it called? Earl Gray. Earl Grey tea. Um, remember who you are. I'll never forget. But this is very I like tea, so this is good. The thing that's throwing me off is that it looks like gravy. Like biscuits and gravy. Gravy. Oh, like white gravy. Yeah. Salt milk gravy. It's not gravy, but it looks like gravy. And that's giving me pause. I don't think that I would be like this with the crumbles. Delicious. Holy cow. Which part with the crumbles? This the the You want to try a little bit? Yeah. Let me try a little tiny bitey bite. That's not for me. But I could understand how somebody would think that's delicious. So at Universal in the Harry Potter, also the bugs came to join us. But in the Harry Potter ice cream, the Florian and Forscuse ice cream, they have an Earl Grey ice cream. I think it's Earl Grey and lavender ice cream. If you like that, you will love this. The next artist that we're coming on is Dom Corona. I love this. Oh, it's like a handkerchief. Yeah. Oh, this is so cool. Oh, I love that one. You like the melty one? Yeah, that's cool. I like this one, too. Yeah, these are fun, right? I like the like muted color palette. They painted a little like painting for this guy right here out of the the palette for the cookie, right? That's pretty cool. That was awesome. How's it going? Good. How are you? Our next stop is Figment's Inspiration Station. And I do want to mention there is so much new food and new stuff this year. Yes, we have. Look, we can still see Spaceship Earth. We've barely broken into World Showcase. Like, we're we're so not into World Showcase. I don't know how much we're going to be able to do today. We've got 20 minutes left. Oh, do we? Yeah. It's 1:40. I have a feeling that we will be back. Yeah, I know. I My promise to you is that we're coming back, baby. Yeah. Next week. I hope so. Yeah. Yeah. I was being a little silly when I said next week, but we do have to do it soon because this is one of the festivals. this in Festival of the Holidays. Two shortest festivals at Epcot. Also here in Inspiration Station, this is where you'll pick up your Figment Artist popcorn bucket. You just mobile order it and you come in here and you pick it up. And I like that he looks like a little artiste with his little beret and everything. I like that they're playing the soundtrack from Imagination. Look at them all. All these figments. I didn't know that the the brush comes out. It's like a little little It lights up different colors. Yeah, it switches. Wow. What is it for? That's from the popcorn bucket. Oh, he's like carrying it. Oh, that's the thing he's carrying. Oh. Is it rechargeable? Is it just like Oh, just batteries. Batteries. Yeah. Is it like um you know how the magic bands react to stuff? Is it like that? I think it just lights up. Oh, okay. That's still cool. That'd be cool though. Okay, I got some bad news about Lorana. What? So, there's only a limited number of books that they hand out per day because you Yeah, because you get a pack of Lorana cards in the book for free. And so, somebody got I saw on Instagram or Tik Tok or something, somebody got like a really good one. It was like worth $300. $300? Yeah. When they priced it on like eBay or something, so apparently you can get real lucky. Okay. So, you also have the ability to get these two cards. This is a Rapunzel card and a Donald card. In order to get those, you have to complete two quests like around the park with Lorcono cards. One of them is you have to collect four different cards. They might be in your pack. You might have to trade with people in the Morocco pavilion. Oh, is it a trading game? You can trade cards. And so if you trade all of those, then you can get Donald. But then there's also a scavenger hunt that you'd go around the park and you find large versions of the Lana cards and when you put the stickers on, you bring the little book back and then you get the Rapunzel card. Okay. But there is also an exclusive pack that you can buy here in Epcot that gets you an exclusive stitch card that is exclusive to this festival. Okay? And the Rapunzel and the Donald card are exclusive as well as the Stitch Card, but you have to pay for the Stitch Card. The Rapunzel and the Donald card are free as well as one free pack of Lana cards if you get here early enough to be able to get the guide book. We'll have to try again next time. Yeah, they said they they went away real quick today. Okay. So, okay. This is probably the weirdest thing here. So, this is chicken. fried chicken. This is rainbow popcorn. So, this is like a caramelized popcorn. There's mozzarella in there. Mozzarella bites. There's syrup on it. And it's all in a bubble waffle. And this was $6.79. It's called popcorn. Popcorn. Chicken and waffles. You know, I'm going to try to get a little piece of chicken here. Oh, it's like I'm going to try to get a mouthful of popcorn and then put the chicken in there, too. I mean, strangely enough, it's fine. Like I'm not gonna run out here and get this again. But the saltiness of the chicken goes so good with the sweetness of the popcorn that it's kind of like Did you get a cheese? No, not yet. Oh, you got to get a cheese in there. Not by itself, like with something. I mean, this is pretty okay. Oh, okay. I feel like I was expecting this to be super weird, but it's not. It's like pretty normal tasting thing. sweet, salty, savory, cheesy, crunchy, and it's like bizarrely every flavor that you can imagine going together is in here. I think they did good. I think they were trying to make something weird and made something that people are actually going to like. Jokes's on you. Yeah. So, the thing that's like weird to me is that the popcorn is coloring the chicken. So, the chicken looks like it has like little Well, this chicken's got mold on it. Kind of looks like it. Okay, let me see. Let me get a Did you eat all the cheese? No, there was I only ate one piece of cheese. There was another piece somewhere. I think I found one. Okay. Oh, yeah. So, chicken cheese. Chicken cheese and popcorn. Popcorn. There you go. You just use the stickiness of the popcorn. Okay. It's weird because it doesn't taste bad, right? Wow. Kind of like it. That's what I mean. They made something that they're like, "Oh, people are going to be so weird about this." And then it's good. Kind of delicious. Should we be adding popcorn to uh more things? You know what I think would be good? I like popcorn on a jalapeno popper. Oh. Oh no. I have another one. I dropped it on my pants. That's okay. That's me. Try it. I'm going to try that next. Popcorn on a jalapeno popper or popcorn pino poppers. Yeah. So, this is the figment fantasy cake for $5.79. This is sponge cake filled with strawberry whipped cream topped with a white chocolate ganache, orange icing, and white chocolate figment wings. So, my biggest question is, is that orange flavored icing or just orange colored icing? I think it's orange colored. Then what's that? Strawberry. Yeah. Okay. I've always had this like belief that you really like strawberry shortcake. Do you? Yeah. Okay. I know that was our wedding cake, but I just want to I like it's like there was this story about this guy that like loves manatees. His one time his kid was like, "Do you like manatees?" And he didn't want to say no cuz they like got him a manatee gift and then for the rest of his life he they like only got him manatee things. And so like he's like, "I have a confession. I don't like manatees. This is really good." Yeah. The strawberry makes it. You got to have the strawberry with it. Wow. The strawberry is so fresh and sweet. I love this. Delicious. 10 out of 10. I'm going to go and see if the what what the orange is. I might be imagining it, but there might be a slight orange flavor to it. I'll try it. Let me do it. Oh, she's questioning reality. I think there is a slight I want to give you I want to give you Jen's reaction. She went like this. She goes like she saw a squirrel or something. I did an orange. There's an orange. There is There's a slight citrus like hint in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is fantastic. I love it. There's no way around. This is a great cake. Okay, so as we're leaving, I did want to point out they do have this Figment inspiration lemonade and they have five different flavors. We got two different flavors. This one is like a smoky flavor and you got uh South blend. Yeah. So, we're gonna give them a try as we're heading out. And the cups change color. This is terrible. Oh my goodness. Ooh, this tastes like perfume. This tastes like spaceship earth Rome burning. This is weird. This is horrendous. I wouldn't say this is horrendous, but it definitely tastes like perfumey. Taste this. Let me Let's switch. There's 0% lemon in that lemonade. Less perfumey at the bottom. This is palatable. Like I that So, okay. I feel like if you like oldfashions or like those drinks that have like the smoky, you know what I mean? Like like those like drinks, you might like this. Not for me. But, um, I like the cup. And I got to say, I got like a little bit into it and the hickory smoke has gone away. Now it's just lemonade. As we're making our way out, passing by the Thomas Concaid booth. Look at the fox and the hound. Here's an example of one of the large Lorana cards that you're looking for. Could you imagine if somebody came to like a Lorana game and like set this down like a huge card? It's like bam. You have to win at that point, right? I don't know how to play Orcana. I've looked into how to play Pokemon and it's the book is extensive. Yeah. I mean, it's a card game. Yeah. So, I think it's the same sort of idea where you have like this type of thing and they have attack points and health points and you know, you have to pay five shapes in order to play this on top of one of your characters named Wreckit Ralph. Not five shapes. Five shapes. You need five. I only have one shape. What am I going to do? All right, we are making our way towards the exit. Got to go pick up Jackson. What a fantastic day though. We got a little trail on the way out. All right, so there you have it. That was our trip out. Our first trip out to Festival of the Arts. Fantastic. I love this event so much and I cannot wait to come back. Like we barely scratched the surface of everything there is to do. Everything that we had was so good. I don't think there was one thing that I was like, eh. It was all It looked beautiful. It tasted delicious. I love seeing the art. I wish that we could have stayed for like the Broadway series. Oh, yeah. But we'll have to come back and do a nighttime like visit, you know? There was one thing that I was about the hickory one. Yeah, that was a little weird. I'm glad we tried it though. Yeah. Also, I'm excited to get back and try to get some Lorana cards. I'm not like a Lorana collector, not a player. Might start, but you never know. Uh I'm interested in this little thing that they have going on here. I feel like Jackson might like it. Yeah. So, we'll be we'll be back for sure. Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Jim and Sandy from Palm Harbor, Florida. Originally from New Jersey. And now it's time to pay the price.
