---
video_id: H7LF-k9qmzM
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "California Travel Day & Universal Studios Hollywood Fun! | Flying MCO to LAX, Ride POVs & More Fun!"
published: 2026-02-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7LF-k9qmzM
---
Good morning from the Orlando airport. We are headed out to California today. We're headed out to Universal City and Burbank because there's a Pokémon Go event happening at the Rose Bowl for uh the Road to Kos. Going to be all kinds of different Pokémons there, new raids and things like that. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to go play Pokémon Go at the Rose Bowl. Plus, today we should get into California early enough that we can go to Universal. So, let's go. Let's go get on a plane. Universal Orlando store soon. We'll be at Universal Hollywood before you guys even know it. Which, by the way, if you guys are coming here on vacation, you need a hotel to stay at this Hyatt inside the airport is real nice. Also, you get a view of the fountain and you can see what uh security looks like. Bit of confusion for TSA Pre. 28 minutes there to get through. Lines don't seem to be moving, so we'll see what happens. I got 30 minutes exactly before they start boarding my plane, so we should be okay. All right, I made it through at 8:44, so it took me exactly 30 minutes to get through security. >> Surprising for somebody with TSA pre-check, but we still got time. >> They probably just started boarding my plane right now. >> So, we should just walk right in and get on. Kind of sad I security took so long cuz I'll miss my morning hot dog and a carell ice cream cone. Yep. already boarding. So, we're heading right on Hey, hey, hey. I feel like the very first time that I ever came to LA, we went down this hallway and this like mosaic here on the wall is very familiar to me, but I hadn't seen it in so long, but I'm seeing it today. Welcome to Los Angeles. And now we do my favorite walk all the way down to the Uber lot. So, the plan for right now is to get an Uber, take it down to the hotel that I'm staying at, which is right by Universal, and then hop on the little like transport from the hotel over to Universal, go around Universal Studios Hollywood for a little bit, take a look around, see how long we can stay in there, maybe go get some dinner at CityWalk, and then head in for the night. I think we're going to have a good time. I don't know if we'll get to ride anything necessarily, but we will get to look around at Universal, which will be fun. I do want to mention there is a shuttle that takes you to the Uber lot, but it goes the wrong way. Like I'm going this way to get to it, and that one is headed that way. This is where I'm going to meet my Uber. So in 22B. All right. We've actually stayed in this hotel before. This is the Sheridan at Universal in Universal City at Universal Studios in Hollywood. Uh we're going up to the 14th floor. I thought there was a sign in here. Oh, there's there's a little tiny Sheridan sign right there. >> Cool. Pretty cool. We got a view of Universal Studios Hollywood right there. Super silly Funland up top there as the minions sticking over the top. And this like kind of white curled over thing is Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. The curled over part is going to be like a barrier. Definitely some sort of barrier to prevent either things flying off the roller coaster or to prevent noise from going out to this residential area back behind Universal Studios. So, we are going to uh head over there right now. Now, let me give you guys a quick look around the room. Uh, a closet with an iron and a safe in it. Little refrigerator right there. Coffee maker with coffee down here. Uh, complimentary water. Some drawers. Storage. And here's the bathroom with the Hollywood sign in the background. We've stayed in this room before. Not necessarily this number, but this exact same style of room before. Pretty decent size shower. It's got a Gilchristen S uh toiletries. Then a pretty okay sized sink here as well. And then this is the rest of the room right here. It's got a a king-size bed. This is a sofa bed over here. And then there's another kind of sofa over here. And that's it. That's the whole room. But it does have a nice view of Universal Hollywood. And I like this too. Some artwork from movies. Universal welcomes you. Like the different Back to the Future time machines. The Universal Studios Globe. An old old picture of Universal Studios there. An X-ray of a film camera. And then some acting happening here in front of a a a camera. I don't know what this is from, but it's a cool picture. All right, so we are going to head out the door and head over to Universal Hollywood. But I realized on the way over here on the flight over here that I didn't bring my power up bands to go into Super Nintendo World and get like some points on those bands, which thinks we can still experience the rides and things like that in Super Nintendo World, but would have been cool to have the band so that I could get points on it because I do have one band that was has already been accessed here in Hollywood and it's also been accessed in Orlando. So, it's fun to get like from both coasts, but But I forgot it, so we can't do that today. It's okay, though. Still plenty of other stuff to do at Universal Studios. All right, where should we head first? I want to go look at the roller coaster first. That's what I want to do. Then we'll get on some rides, do some things. Oh, look, there's Beetlejuice. Kitty White in her director/ movie outfit. Dracula's out talking to people. Just like a casual day talking to Dracula. Some people up in the window up there. Some residents talking down to the people. There goes Gabby. I enjoy your dollhouse show. Hi Gabby. There's Pandy Paws. DJ Catnip. Mer Kitty. I forgot her name. Oh no. Kiki. >> Who's the messy one? >> Donkey right there. >> Who's the Who's the >> Have a lot of characters out there. >> Who's the funny one? >> Oh yeah, there it is. Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. There's the entrance to it. And you can start to see some of the coaster over here, but we'll see a lot more of it over here. Oh, you can see it's got that thing that I was talking about, the like curl looking thing from the window. It's got glass on it, so it will be to prevent the noise. So, I'm going over towards the lower lot. I'm not going to go down to the lower lot right now, but I wanted to see some of this construction on the roller coaster. Look at that. Just going over top of the escalators like this is ridiculous. Just the fact that this is what it looks like in Hollywood. I cannot wait to see what the track is going to look like in Florida. Like I know it's going to be a completely different ride, but still look at how wild this looks. I'm going to go down one level because I think I can get a better view of more of the track. Oh man, I can't wait to see this in action like with the kinetics of it moving around over top of the over top of the escalator like this. Yeah, one level down and I'll show you guys all the stuff. I might as well go all the way down to the lower lot and ride like the Mummy and Transformers and Super Nintendo World and stuff like that right now. I do want to go on the tram tour today because the last time I went on it was Halloween Horror Nights and it's not the tram tour during Halloween Horror Nights. It's the terror tram. Yeah. Oh, buddy. It's so much track in every which direction. And like it goes so far over there, too. Also, a bird's eyee view of Super Nintendo World down there. And we also have some kind of sort of like woodsy props that they're working on down there. That could be for literally anything. There's also some bones that I can see. Some bones. It is interesting to see this because during Halloween Horror Nights, this is where a house is. They like fill in that area with a tent. And right now, that tent's not there. And it's just an alleyway between these buildings. Came down one more level to see if I could see anything else up there. I can't. Oh, there's like a ton of bugs right here. Oh my goodness. I don't even know if you guys can see them, but there's just like a billion bugs right here. Wow. Yeah, there it is. Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. Oh, look. There's So, we were we were looking at that stuff before, those pieces of wood, stuff like that. But now you can see a Spinosaurus down there >> and then also a T-Rex kind of over there as well. And I was talking to somebody and they said that they think that that's for FanFest, which is an after hours event here at Universal Studios Hollywood. Separately ticketed event that gives you access to the backlot and different fandoms have different activations there or during the event. Also, we are as a family very excited to see the Super Mario Galaxy movie in April. Oh, it's coming soon, isn't it? Wow, that's cool. >> Here's another look at that T-Rex back there. >> All right, first stop, Revenge of the Mummy, the ride. Pretty wild like walking down here and there's a huge T-Rex over there and a Spinosaurus. Wonder what these were used for if they just like built them just recently. There is a Bumblebee and Megatron. If you guys have seen those viral videos of >> what's his name? >> Megatron. No, what's this guy's name then? Optimus Prime. >> So if you've seen So there's Bumblebee and Optimus Prime. And if you've seen those viral videos of Megatron, that's from here. I'm going to head into actually Super Nintendo World. And then we'll come back out and ride Transformers. There's only one ride in Super Nintendo World. We're going to go ride. It's Mario Kart. All right, let's head into Super Nintendo World. It's funny because this one is a little bit smaller than ours back home. Look at what I got. Toad's out. Yeah. So, like I said, only one ride that is Mario Kart, but still fun to be in here. Oh, man. It's a 65minute wait for the Mario Kart challenge. Let's see. I believe I can do Express here. Another view of Hollywood Drift over here, but we're headed in through Express. Pretty much no weight here. It was a super long weight in the regular line. I like how Yoshi's helmet is Yoshi's head on top of his own head. >> It's so funny because the actual gameplay is taking place on my head. You guys can't see the turtle shells are shooting all over the place. Oh, watch out. There's Bowser in front of me. Goodness. Look at him. Let's go. Oh, I got blooper. Oh my goodness. You guys can't see all the booze. Oh, we lost. I got 154 points. Not terrible. See? Oh, I got the high score in the heart. Pretty good. Highest score today, 319. Highest score this month, 319. Highest today, 243. So, 154. Not so good. That was it. That was our only ride in Super Nintendo World here in Hollywood. I like this Mario sweatshirt that like gives you the overalls like Mario. That's pretty fun. So, there are a few rides that are exactly the same in Florida as they are out here. Super Mario Kart is one of them. Another one, Transformers. But we're still going to go and ride it here because we're here. Might as well. Well, this is wild because they have the backlog club out here, too. This is like a little game that we have back at Universal Orlando where you can collect cards. I don't know if this one I I don't know how to do it out here. And I haven't really figured out how to do it back home either. So, I always see these Tik Toks that are like a secret at Transformers is if you turn these to specific things, doesn't actually do anything. They're just just blank buttons that have lights and stuff behind them. But it's fun to uh to watch those Tik Toks because I'd like to think somebody spent a lot of time flipping every switch to something specific to make it so that something happens but nothing ever happens. Does feel a bit like what do you call that? Like like we're in a dystopian future or something. A zombie apocalypse at Universal in the express lanes here. >> It's happening. Nobody else in the car. There's some people next to me, but nobody else back here. Oh my goodness. Something interesting about this is there's an elevator in it. Watch. We got to go up right now. >> So, we're going up to the second level right now. I don't know if we'll be able to see it. Turn around. I got to lean over. Whoa. Yeah, we went up. >> I'm going to get splashed. Oh, I got run. Went right in my ear. >> We're trapped. >> Oh no. >> Oh no. No. No more running. >> Your planet belongs to me. I'm >> still going to run. Oh my goodness. We're in slow motion now. Jeez. How did he miss? It was headed right for us. Devastator. >> He's going to poop us out. Oh no. This is his butt. Oh dear. Who's going to pay for all this destruction? >> Optimus fight. >> Oh jeez. >> The all spark. >> Uhoh. The spark. We can have it. >> Uh-oh. Oh no. We're going down an ele. >> Thank you, Bumblebee. >> Your bravery saved the planet. >> We did it. Well done. Freedom. >> We saved the whole planet. Oh my god. What? He's dead. What? They also have Blue out here doing meet and greets. >> Oh no, she seems kind of upset. >> Who's all done? >> Back up. >> Good girl. >> Ah, yes. Perfect. So, there is another ride down here in the Jurassic World. I'm not going to ride this today because I am very cold right now. It's like it is 57° out here and it's cold. It's cold out here and you get wet on this ride. It is a water plume ride. All right, let's make our way back up to the upper lot. >> These escalators here are also remarkably long. Took a break up here at one of the landings, the highest landing. See some people playing golf down there on the golf course. You can see the sound stages. You can see the Warner Brothers lot. Disney lots back there, too. But I always have a harder time picking that one out. Yeah, beautiful view from here. So, we can see on this map here where stuff is. Number one is the back lot. Number two, King Kong. Number three is Warner Brothers. Number four is Disney. So, just kind of like that to the right of that building there on the horizon or to the left of it. Sorry. Much smaller lot. For a little bit of perspective on how far away the hotel is, it's right there. That's the hotel we're staying in. Also, another look at some more of the track for Fast and Furious. And you can see it kind of like dips down over there, too. All right, back on the upper lot now. I'm going to go and do the studio tour real quick cuz I think the last one's at 4:30 and it's 4 right now. We got plenty of time. Last last tour departs at 5:15. There's a time machine here and Marty McFly is here. Oh, this guy's wearing like the same outfit as him. That was heavy. Everything in the future is heavy, by the way. I like how many signs there are for the studio tour. Says it's only 15 minutes wait. 15-minute wait, but I have express. Might as well. Pretty cool because they are electric like electric tram and they get charged every time that they park here through induction charging right there. Isn't that neat? We're making our way onto the back side. >> Furious is over there. I didn't get a good look at it. Otherwise, see a little bit of it that way. >> The studio is private property and if at any time during the tour you drop your phone >> on stage 12 over there. They filmed the very first Frankenstein. >> I don't know that I've ever been this way on this board. >> We're here on the lot where we filmed the paper which follows our characters day-to-day lives as employees of a struggling newspaper with Chelsea Fry. >> How about you, Chelsea? What's your favorite? >> How's that Bungalow 5195 former office of the master of suspense, Mr. Alfred Hitchcock? Now, as an homage to him, we still have his famous profile next to that bungalow dumper. If you guys can spot that out, you'll definitely find Hitchcock in the many cameos he made in his own movies. >> Oh, there it is right there. >> Going into King Kong. >> Look at this turn we're making. >> Wow. We're going to Skull Island. There's the dinosaurs here. Oh no. Oh no. We woke up a dinosaur. That's not good. They're doing something down this road over here. >> This is in the middle of the environment. They're looking at all >> there's like a school. You can see they're setting up for like a Christmas something or other Christmas tree in that window. It is cool seeing like all the old sets and everything back here. We're going to the good place. >> Now folks, I want to welcome you all to the streets of Little Europe. Oo la. It's here where productions like Rogers and Harris and Cinderella star Brandy Whitney Houston was filmed. Maybe he's not all that bad. Now you just heard what the bad place is like, but in a moment because Mercedes >> or anything can be lurking >> had no vis what they look like inside a real working sound stage. That's why we are now entering sound stage number 50. Oh, just ask that everyone please remain seated. What was that? >> I think it was an earthquake. >> Oh my goodness, folks. We're going through a shaking. >> My goodness. >> What's going to happen? Oh goodness. A subway train came out of nowhere. Oh no, it's going to derail. Ah, title wave is coming now. Oh my goodness. What? Oh, I got wet. Wow. Somebody should probably look into that, right? My goodness. >> Holy moly folks. >> That's what I said. >> Don't fret. All right. Don't Don't get scared. Don't Don't worry. >> We already caught the shark torment to the residents of this area for a 90oot house boat with minor hole damage >> outside of the hotel to your right. Now, as a safety precaution, we like to send out our scuba diver to navigate the water. >> Oh, there's a shark right there. George, get out of the water. Tell me by our scuba diver. That's That's our scuba diver. George. George. Shark is underneath the water. Oh my gosh. >> It just said George. Our driver is one of the best in all of Hollywood. >> That means as soon as possible. >> Oh dear. Oh, it feels so good. It's so warm. >> Oh no, there's a shark. Ah. >> Oh, the humanity. Oh, >> what? How did it even do that? >> Look, it's going backwards. >> Look at it. It's doing a great job. It's >> reversing out of there. >> George is back alive with a lot of practical sets is the one we're entering now. This is Colonial Street, which has been featured in TV shows like The Monsters and Lea, Holiday Films like Candy Cane Lane with Mr. Eddie Murphy, and also Desperate Housewives, where it was known as Wisteria Lane. >> Oh, there it is. Wisteria Lane. Pretty neat. Like these are just fallout houses back here. >> Fast and furiously away from this area to your right. >> Bates Motel. >> It is the infamous Bates Motel from Alfred Hitchcock. Albert, do you mind getting us out of here ASAP? That man is Oh my gosh. Do you Do you see what's going on over there? Guys, hide your cell phones and cameras. If that man thinks that we are filming evidence against him, this is going to go crazy. I'm not I'm not kidding you. He is >> Oh, hey. No, we're going to Oh my gosh. Get closer. Hurry up. >> His mom's up in the window up there. >> Speaking of scary things, I want to welcome you all to the set of the movie War of the Worlds, which started Mr. Tom Cruz. >> Wow. Well, >> that's not good. There's a whole plane over here. All righty folks, this air l somebody's roller blade of >> Jordan feels hit movie. >> Jupiter's clean. >> Movie magic only happened. The team of collaborators over there. Look into the winking web and have your picture taken just like the kids in that old '90s movie Kidshare. A little further down, you can see the brand new star lasso to showcase new live show. >> Behind this Hollywood fantasy, the gold rush frontier town lies a sim secret UFO hotspot. >> Oh, the UFO hotspot. E, >> that's a UFO going above the T. And if you make eye contact with it, they'll take you away. So, everybody look down at the floor for your safety. Do not look up until I tell you to. >> How about Dennis and Albert? blue screen over here. >> Fill that with water, too. >> All right, back on the upper lot. I got to go get another jacket. I think I got to run back to the hotel and pick up another jacket. I'm starting to get real cold. Freezing cold here. Now, I am going to uh see if I can pop in somewhere, grab some dinner really quick, and then head back to the hotel room cuz it's very cold. I do have another jacket at the hotel room, but I don't have it on me right now. It's weird because it's only 56. I feel like it was 57 when we got here, but the sun has gone down. So, now it doesn't feel as warm because you can't get warm in the sun. So, we are going to go get something to eat and make our way back to the hotel. All right, I made it into CityWalk. I don't know where I'm going to eat. The big gorilla on the side of the building and we just passed by Boba Gump Shrimp Company. I'm kind of thinking that I might just go back to the hotel and get something from the hotel. I'm going to walk the entirety of Citywalk though, just to like see it. There's a twoome chocolate emporium here. This wasn't here, I don't think, the last time that we came. Also, they're watching the Olympics. Well, there's a Bua Deepo here. Wow. Escapeology, an escape room. Jimmy Buffett's Margaritavville. It's 5:00 somewhere. Oh, there's also a Firehouse Sub up there, a pizza, KFC, a Taco Bell, a Habit Burger Shop, a Poké Shop, Panda Express, a Taco Bell, and Pinks hot dogs. A lot of stuff up there on that second level. So, I'm back at the Sheridan now. We took this. This is the shuttle that comes to the pretty much right outside of security. And it's interesting because it's such a small shuttle and they have a spot like a basket on the back. That's where you put your stroller or any large items that you can't bring in with you. But it's a free shuttle and it runs like every 15 minutes. It comes pretty often and it's very convenient for it goes to the Hilton and it goes to the Sheridan. So I came back to the room, got some room service. I got a this is just like a like a turkey sandwich with some fruit. And then I had to get the fruit because for dessert I got a gigantic cookie. The lighting in this room pretty pretty bad. So yeah, I think I'm going to call it a night. It's super early here. It's only 8:00 here, but back home it is 11. So 9 10 11. Yeah. So my body is starting to like I'm going to sleep now is what I'm going to say. Tomorrow we go to the Rose Bowl and we uh play Pokémon Go. I've been playing it a little bit tonight because I've been trying to build up some of my my Pokemon team so that I can play when I get there. There going to be a lot of like mega raids and things like that. So, I'm excited to see what it's all about. There's going to be meet and greets with Eevee and Pikachu. There's going to be merch. And there's going to be a ton of Pokétops and all kinds of other stuff while I'm there. So, I'm going to show you guys everything that happens while I'm there and like what it's like going to a Pokemon Go event because I've never been and I'm very excited to see it. It was a great day, great travel day, a fun time at Universal. The the like room service that I got, it wasn't bad. It wasn't the best thing I've ever had, but it wasn't bad. But all in all, a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Hey, hey, hey.
