---
video_id: M-Hcq9RFpVA
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "72 Hours On A Disney Cruise! A Bluey Surprise On The Disney Dream!"
published: 2026-01-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-Hcq9RFpVA
---
[music] [music] [music] Good morning from Terminal C. We're at the Bright Line station. We've got our luggage. As you may have guessed probably from the title of this video, we are getting on the Bright Line and we're headed down to Fort Everglades in Fort Lauderdale. bright and early. It is like about 9:00. I guess it's not that early, but it's nine o'clock. We are headed on to the Disney Dream. So, we're going to take the Bright Line down. It's about a 3-hour trip to get on the Disney Dream because we just got off of our first Royal Caribbean cruise. A lot of you guys um really love that series. We really appreciate you guys watching and following along on that adventure. and we thought, let's just see if there's anything like any last minute deals or anything like that for a Disney cruise. And there was. So, we got a really good deal. We're going to hop on the Dream just for the weekend. We got our suitcases in a dream and a fun little weekend cruise. So, yeah, come with us. So, we thought while we had our Royal Caribbean trip really fresh in our minds, we would head down and do a quick little Disney cruise. And um I've never been on the Bright Line. The kids have never been on the Bright Line, so we thought this would just be a fun little weekend cruise. So, we're doing it. Right, Oliver? Right. Okay, we're on the escalator headed up. Oliver's so excited. Okay, we're headed into the Bright Line station. Pretty cool. >> All right, we're in the train station. Oliver is very excited to get on the train. He's like, "Let's go. Let's go." >> It's premium boarding right now, so we can't get on just yet, but soon. Yeah, >> this is a really nice station. >> It is. All the stations that I've been to have been really nice. And premium boarding is like where it's at because you get on early, you get a little lounge where you can eat breakfast and stuff. You excited, Jackson? >> Yeah. Everybody's excited. Like, let's go. >> I know. Here's your pro tip. There are two doors that'll lead you out to where the escalator and the stairs are. The one on the right goes straight to the escalator. The one on the left goes to the stairs. And uh everybody's kind of joining together on the escalator. We're getting on Bright Red. We're going to number eight. This is number five. Look at you guys in your little train seats. >> Yeah, I'll do this. >> Okay, I will. So, here's my pro tip for Bright Line for you. There's two different There's three different pairs. There's premium, Smart, and Smart Saver. If you do Smart, you get to pick your seats, and that means you can pick a table. And the table is way more comfortable than the other ones. The other ones aren't bad, but like do you see how there's just like normal like train chairs, but this we've got like the table like moves in and out, so you've got a little bit extra room. >> Good job. The other thing is that if you book the premium cabin, not only do you get breakfast at the station, but you also get breakfast on the train included. Like whereas because we're not in the premium cabin, we have to pay like $6 for a blueberry muffin or $4 for some peanut M&amp;M's. We're starting to move, buddy. Look at that out the window. So, this trip round trip was pretty expensive. So, it did cost us $500 for three people cuz Oliver right now because he's two is still free. Yeah. And right after I booked it, they're like, "We have a 30% 35% off deal." Man, I wish that we could get this speed on Starlink on the cruise ship. But this is the Wi-Fi on the train. Oh, >> upload's looking pretty bad. >> Oh, no. Is it? >> Yeah. >> Moving right along. Uh, Jen's working. Kids are playing. I'm looking out the window. I ordered the roasted turkey and cheddar oie. Added some mayonnaise to it. Doesn't look terrible. [clears throat] Came with some potato chips. We also got a banana bread and a blueberry muffin for Jackson. >> Banana bread >> on the train today. Does feel like we're pretty close to the water. Getting a little bit closer to a stop here at West Palm Beach. We're going all the way down to Fort Lauderdale there. I will say when they make the announcement that your station is coming up, start getting up and getting your stuff at the beginning of the announcement cuz they're like, "We're approaching West Palm Beach. We'll be staying at the station for 2 minutes." So, don't take that 2 minutes to get your stuff down from the top. Get it down and get ready to go out that door. >> Yeah, it's quick. Got to stay on schedule. Here we are making our first stop in West Palm Beach. It's pretty far away from Orlando for the first stop, but there's nothing really in between Orlando and here. >> So, they're they're pretending that the little outlets are computers >> and they're doing work. >> It's time to sleep with. >> All right, we've made it to Fort Lauderdale. I scheduled an Uber with a car seat, but it's not coming until 1:00. It's about 12:20 right now. So, I was able to book an Uber with a car seat, but I wasn't sure if the train was going to be slightly behind or right on time. So, I scheduled it for 1. We have about 30 minutes to wait before our Uber is supposed to be here. So, we'll see how it goes as soon as the Uber gets here as to whether or not it works out for us or not. And then we also got like a portable booster seat for Jackson. So, he is in a booster seat now. And uh so, we should all be able to fit in there no problem. >> [music] >> Disney dream. I don't know if you guys can see it through the grading, but there it is. All right, here we are back at Fort Lauderdale again where the magic meets the sea. Oh, no. We're not getting anything out of the vending machine. We're going onto the cruise ship. Hey there, Mickey and Minnie. Good to see you again. There it is. The SS Willie. So, originally we were just doing a regular room, but then we asked and they said they have some rooms available. So, we got one. So, this is the concierge lounge that you can visit before getting on the ship. And then you just go back through the door that we came through to get back into uh back onto the ship. Also, we just got some fantastic news as I was looking through the Navigator app. Bluey and Bingo will be meeting on this cruise. They were announced to come out in February. Today's January 23rd and we saw in the app 9:15 tomorrow morning, we will be meeting Blue and Bingo in D Lounge. Is that the only time? >> That's the first one that I saw and I said that's great for me. I'll look a little bit more when we get further onto the ship. >> There she is. The Disney Dream. Oh, buddy. Excitement is abounding. We get to go to Let's go to lunch. There it is. Donald Duck. >> Disney Dream, please. >> Oh, Ariel's up there, too. >> Hello. >> The water over here. >> Yeah, you are. >> Yeah. >> First stop, pizza. We did get in a little bit later, so we missed the concier lunch and the animated pallet lunch. We can still get cabanas and the pool lunch. So, we're going to grab something really quick and then we'll head up to the room and show you guys what room we got. I think it's a room we haven't had before. All right. Now, we're going to go up to the room and then we're going to stop by the concier lounge because one of the things that they did in dry dock is they refurbished the lounge. And so, now we'll be able to see the brand new refurbished lounge. I think they refurbished our rooms, too. We'll find out when we get up there. Still Christmas on a Disney ship. All right, we made it up to the lounge. >> Oh my gosh, I forgot they redid the lounge. >> Yeah, they just redid it. I think they redid the rooms, too. They definitely added concier's rooms. Oh, >> it was a lot bigger now. Concier's lounge is so much bigger now. And the the like buffet is huge, too. Tiramisu vanilla cupcake with king candy on it. Strawberry vanilla panakotta pecan nut tartlet. Grilled chicken sandwich. Saffron lassie. California vegetable sandwich on marble rye. Cookies. That's one of my favorite parts. Chilled beef tenderloin salad. Who? Shrimp. fruit, a little marinated feta cheese. The best addition right there is a sink for you to wash your hands. >> I love the new lounge. >> It's so nice, isn't it? >> It's so pretty. I love this tile, actually. >> Oh, yeah. >> I was looking at tiles for our bathroom and kitchen. And I I kind of love this. >> And it's also all the Hercules. And it's huge. >> I know. >> It's really big. Lots of seating. >> The dome. >> Oh, yeah. >> That's like It's a nice addition. >> And the bar. Oh, yeah. Look at this dome with like natural lighting. Yeah. All the Hercules stuff up here. >> Look at this. >> I have a little of Donald Duck. >> A >> 12506. All right. So, let's have a look around. You can see it's a pretty long room. First thing that we come to is the bathroom or one of the bathrooms. There are actually two bathrooms in this room with a vanity here and a walk-in shower with a rainfall shower head. And all of the amenities are Elem. I feel like the regular room showers are bigger. The good news is there's another shower in this room. Another thing that's fantastic about this, although we won't really need it on this cruise, there's a lot of storage in this room. So, you've got a little closet here. We've got all of our stuff in there for right now. And then right next to it, another closet. This one is a walk-in. There's a It's like a motion sensor light that has the safe in it, the robes, also our life vest, and a fullsize mirror so we can check out your fit before heading out for the evening. Let's see here. And right across is another closet right here. Another mirror for you to check your fit. Some posts on the wall for you to hang jackets, things like that. I'm going to hang my bag there probably. When we come into the first area, there is a pull down bed here, like a Murphy bed, a little writing desk and some cups and things like that, as [snorts] well as some napkins. And the kids are in the living room area here watching Mickey. Some nice chairs there. This sofa turns into a bed. So, this is probably where Jackson will sleep. >> I found out I just came back from the lounge. I requested our pillows. So, you can request pillows. I got us two memory foam pillows like we have at home. And then I requested bed rails. They said this bed comes out like a regular pull out. Just popping in to tell you. >> Now they're telling us we need to go to the mustard drill pretty soon. Another thing is there is a table in here. And then as I go a little bit further, this is the primary bedroom. Queeniz bed in there. We did order different pillows. You can do memory foam pillows. So we ordered some memory foam pillows. There's a vanity in here. A TV right here. Is this storage up here? Is this Oh, no. It's just part of the I don't want to pull on that too much. Um, and then we go a little bit further in. Oh, I also want to point out that one side has European style plugs. And then the other side should have European and American style. Yeah. So, be sure to bring your adapters if you need to. The other thing is that right next to this side is European and American with some USBs right here. This is where you would use your haird dryer. And I'm not seeing the haird dryer yet. I'm sure it's somewhere around here, though. Oh, look at that. Storage opens up right there. There is also storage on either side of the bed as far as a drawer goes. Oh, yeah. And here's the pillow menu. You can get memory foam, snore reducer, side sleeper, eco den, bamboo charcoal pillow, or silk pillow cases. Oh, silk pillow cases. Should have done that. You're going to have beautiful hair in the morning. Also, I want to point out there is a separate thermostat for in here. And there's one over there by the front door for this area. Then into the bathroom. Yes. Garden style tub. I don't know if this is garden style. Is this garden style? I think I'm going to call it garden style. >> The last time you did a tour and you called it garden style. I was like, is that right? It is. >> It is right. I did it. Look at this, Jen. >> What? >> Look. >> Ooh, >> it's a little Mickey Disney spa collection. Lofah bar. Lofah. Lofa. >> So, wait. Are they not doing my favorite? >> Your little like >> I love those things. Where are they? Spongel. fun gels. >> Also, we get Elmus stuff in here. >> Oh, yeah. >> I got to say in the royal suites you get um Bulgari, which I'm sure is great. I'm sure that's like very fancy, but I love the Elmus stuff. >> So, I'm so happy to have it. Um how fun is that? >> Yeah, it's good. You're just like the lofah is like encased in the soap, so you just start scrubbing away. >> We're only on a weekend cruise. You think I'm going to get all the way down to the lofah? >> No, you start on the bottom. >> I Okay, I got to really >> Yeah, feel it. It's pumpy already. >> Oh, it is. Oh, okay. I kind of like that. The only thing is is can I take this home? >> Why not? I just don't open it. >> What do I put? No, I want to use it. >> You use it at home. You get better use out of it cuz you can take it home. >> I guess that's true. >> Fine. But this is awesome. I like this. I like this a lot. >> Did also want to point out this tub is huge. >> Yeah, this is definitely long enough for you. >> I know. And it's got a wand, too. Like a little shower wand. Another thing is that this shower is bigger than the one in the front. So, let me get the camera to Jen really quick. We're going to do some some Tim Tracker 6'2 210 lb >> reporting >> reporting here. [laughter] So, here's me dripping on me in the shower. Lots of space. There's not There should be like a footrest, but there's not. >> That's okay. >> And then, let me get in this tub. >> Oh yeah, get in the tub. >> Oh my god. >> Ooh, it looks comfy. >> It's huge. Okay, I'm definitely using this tub on this cruise. I know this is just a weekend cruise, but I am taking a bath. >> What is Why is this so big? >> Wow. I I am. I'm looking at you. Oh, I'm looking at you. >> Yeah. [laughter] And then in here is the What do we call it? The commode. >> The commode. >> People like when I call it vision toilet. >> I think they think that you saying commode is kind of weird, but it's kind of like a you thing now. >> But okay, I'm going to go full full ship terms. This is the head. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's true. >> Also, double sink, double mirrors, and we got outlets on either side. This one is can be either 220 or 110. And this one is either 220 or 110. Look at that. Wow. We did it, everybody. Oh, I was just about to comment that you lose storage underneath the bed, but I don't think you do. Got some drawers underneath the bed, but you can't put your luggage underneath the bed, which is what we usually do. We usually store the luggage open underneath the bed, but now we just got drawers under the bed. >> So, that's kind of my cruise hack for you guys. First day you get your luggage, you unload everything out of it. Then you store the luggage open underneath the bed. You wear your clothes, fold them up at the end of the day, put them in the luggage. That way you're done packing. And the morning that you leave the ship is a very early morning. So it makes it easier to pack the night before the last night of the cruise or last day of the cruise. And then the last thing that we got to show you guys is our balcony. All right. Heck yeah. Ooh, good size balcony. We love it. Oo, I like it. >> I do, too. >> Solar panels. How about that? Oh, the drawbridge is up. Did you hear whose yacht it was that I saw in Nassau? Steven Stevie Spielberg. >> They said that it was his. They don't know if it's still his. >> Oh, 250 million. >> He named it. cuz he has seven kids. They said >> what? >> I didn't What? Normally, I'd have the GoPro set up, but I don't have it because it's in our luggage still. That was one thing about changing rooms is our luggage still hasn't made it here yet. But we have officially set sail. Oh, look. We can watch the guy. I don't know if that's the captain or if it's just like one of his first mates. Oh, there's like three guys in there, but they're doing work. They're They're steering the ship away from the dock. This is the This is the front. So, we're backing out. Well, that's interesting. I can hear the sail away party. It feels like I'm there. Yeah. Whose yachts are these? >> I don't know, but they're >> Everybody did some investigatory reporting and found out that the one that we saw in Nassau last time was Steven used to be Steven Spielberg. So, we don't know if it's still his. At one point in time, it was >> It was It was and could still be his. >> Definitely was his. >> At one point, his name was attached to it. >> Yeah. But what are these called? >> These ones? I can't see any names. I'm going to call that one Victor. This one is Bongo. Um, yeah, that's about all I got. You guys remember when I came in and did the the preview of the Destiny? I stayed at Pier 66 right there. It was a good hotel. It was cool looking. >> Look at this little beach. >> I know. It's nice. >> This is so nice. >> And the weather is perfect today. Also, I wanted to say this cruise is going to be a little bit different for us than our normal cruises. It's going to be a lot of this right here, like relaxing. We're not going to go do like trivia. We're not going to go do saila away parties. We're going to see Blue and Bingo in the morning cuz we just found out that that was happening. We also found out they're doing not only is it a meet and greet, they're doing something called Wakey Wakey with Blue and Bingo. So, that's going to be exciting. It's very early in the morning. >> So, because my sister is not with us on this cruise, um it's going to be harder for us to do things late at night um and stuff like after dinner. But honestly, I just kind of want to like enjoy this room. So, thank you for letting us do that. >> That's what I was saying. >> Oh, there's a celebrity reflection. Another cruise ship that was at the terminal. Can we see where we came from? No, not yet. Still don't know what these other two ones are out here. Actually, I can look. That one is the Liberty of the Seas, and that one is the Celebrity Ascent. So, I I always look at this cruisemapper.com to see like where we are. So, you can see uh Oh, where did we go? We just like disappeared. There we are. The Disney Dream right there. Celebrity reflection over there next to us. And then Liberty of the Seas out there. And then let it reload. Celebrity Ascent. So, anytime at night when I see ships out, I always like to see what else there is, like what other ships there are. Who's at Castaway? Nobody. Disney treasure is at Castway right now. Ah. Ah. Beautiful. >> Here's something that's been interesting about this room. See the table's off center from the light. So, every time I've been going to grab something off the table here, this light is right here, like right there. So, I've been having to be very careful. We're on our way to dinner and we stopped by Mickey's main sale. >> They've got Bluey stuff on there. >> Oh, I like the shirt. >> Making good times. All right, we are in Animator's Pallet for dinner tonight. Oliver, are you waving hi to Crush? Say hi, Crush. >> A mouthful of of bread. All right. I went with the sliced serrano ham for uh my starter. >> You got the same thing. >> I got the ham and the tart. This tart is so good. >> That's the the the tomato tart. >> We got the kids the grilled chicken. >> This is their the lighter fair on the adult menu. And this is just They didn't really love what was on the kids menu in this restaurant. >> So, they'll eat the chicken. >> Yeah. This is the herb crusted pork. >> We're going to split them though. >> Yeah. So, I'm going to do half the chicken and half the pork. And then Jen will do half the chicken, half the pork. We booked this trip so last minute. I didn't like think to even be like, I want to sit near the entertainment. No, it's time to party. >> There he goes. Oliver, let me see your pulls. There they are. >> How did you guys both end up with the cookies and cream ice cream? because I tried to order the deconstructed carrot cake cuz he wanted to see it. I'm not really going to eat dessert. And he goes, "Order something else." [laughter] And I was like, "I just want to see it." He goes, "I'll bring that for you to see, but you're going to want something else." So, I guess the carrot cake is not a big hit. >> I got the crunchy walnut cake with the dark chocolate mousse. Oliver got a scoop of ice cream. Jackson got the the cookies and creams sundae. >> All right. We got Blue and Bingo are doing a pajama party out here. >> Story. >> Does anyone know the story of the three little pigs? >> Amazing. Well, I want you to take everything you know about the pineapple. >> Pineapple. >> They're asking what people's favorite candies are. What's your favorite candy, Oliver? >> Raspberry. >> Man, they're moving fast and furious. So, they're kind of doing like a Mad Libs type thing. >> Once upon a time, there were three pigs named Sparkles, Joey, and Pineapple. Now, the first little pig, Sparkles, made himself a quick house out of strawberries. The second little pig, Joey, made a house out of stuffed animals. So, the wolf puffed and he puffed and he blew the house down. When they finished eating, the wolf helped Sparkles and Joey rebuild their homes. And by the end of the day, they were all great friends, but they always kept a spare chocolate bar in their pocket just in case. And it [cheering] is going to call out the name of an animal, and everyone has to act like that animal until the next one is called out. Make sense? [laughter] >> Oh, a chicken. Chicken. >> A chicken. >> How about give yourselves a great big cheer everybody? >> Do you think we have time for one more thing? You know what? I think we do. How about musical statues? Everyone go crazy, guys. >> Oh, no. [laughter] >> And when the music stops, you have to freeze. Remember, >> get ready to freeze. >> Oh, that was good. statue. >> Pretty good. >> Pretty good freeze. >> Oh no, >> we better freeze. >> Good job everyone. Here's some pretty frozen statues. Can you dance like Blue Ao everyone? Well, thanks so much everybody for playing. >> Did you have fun, buddy? >> So, you such >> They were so big, right? They were big big ones. >> I did. Oh my gosh, that was actually so much fun. We We didn't know about it. One of you guys ran over to our dinner table and said, "Are you going to be there?" >> That was fun. >> I was like, "Beware." >> I know. I just missed it. I thought they were going to show up tomorrow morning. >> But uh so we played with the magic asparagus. We played musical statues. >> We did like a magic type thing. >> Oh yeah, like a like a story time before they came out. So that was so much fun. I don't know. I loved it. It was a fun surprise. I love how they made the screens all around the room look like Bingo's bedroom. You have to look. I don't have a picture. >> So, here's Bingo's bed. And then this is the little space between. And they have a nightstand with a picture of both of them in it. The light looks like the egg, you know, the the sleepy time episode. That one always makes me cry. And then Bluey's bed is right over there. And then this is the window. So when they had the episode about Easter, remember how they were talking about the stained glass window? There's the window from It's from their bedroom, but I always think about it from the Easter episode when the Easter Bunny forgot but didn't forget. Let me see this little relaxing babe. Are you a vacation baby? You are sort of. He's like, "If Chaos went on vacation, tell me what's neat." >> All the Imagineers and all the people that worked on bringing Blue and Bingo to the cruise ship are in there. >> Yeah. >> And they were like, "This was the first time that it ever happened." So, they're like, "All right, here's what we could change." >> So, it'll be maybe be different than when you guys come on the cruise. So, there's a band playing down here. [music] They're playing some songs from the bayou. >> Daisy Duck is meeting over here. >> Oh, I love it. They're so good. The um the line's pretty long. Let's see if any of our pictures showed up. We did buy the photo pass or like the photo um package on this cruise. >> Wait, I haven't gotten. >> Oh, they didn't come in yet. Oh, yeah. But if you buy it ahead of time, um pro tip, buy it ahead of time, you get it for a little bit cheaper. I think we save 50 bucks. >> Hey, look. Can I wear these to sleep? >> Sure. >> They're so cute. But I think they're for mama. >> I think they might they might be for daddy. That's daddy's side. So, we did get a our towel animal tonight is an elephant. >> There's also one There's also two for you, mama. >> Let me look. >> Oh, look at that. >> I don't think they had kids ones in this room. So, at one time on the fantasy, they had kids robes and kids slippers. >> You can wear mine. >> There's a secret. >> What? >> In in Oliver's bed over here. >> Oh, this is We got to watch this. >> There's like >> What? >> There's like shelves in here. There's a light. Oh, look at that. I >> don't see any plugs, though. Hey, >> Dad. >> Oh, is the one that's right next to the TV? >> Well, we're not going to watch TV, though. >> Yes, [laughter] we are. >> So, we uh when we were unpacking, we thought we left our monitor and our camera, but um they dropped it off to our room. I wonder what happened. >> I don't know. >> That's never happened before. We brought it on every single cruise. >> Yeah. >> But it was on our bed tonight. >> All right. Here are the beds. Whoa, you got so much space next to you. Look at all that space. >> All right, I forgot to show you guys, but this is what the Murphy bed looks like when it's down. >> And then we did two uh bed rails because Oliver's going to sleep in that bed. I do want to mention though that there's these big metal things that come out like the legs and I highly recommend wrapping them in towels because you will hit your toes on them and you will hurt yourself. Also, the the lock that like locks this in place up there sticks out and it stays in like a stuck out position. So, that's another thing you have to cover with a towel or else you will like scrape your legs on it when you walk by it. And then here's what the couch looks like all pulled out. So, there it is. It does kind of cover up this like exit out onto the balcony, but you can still use that door pretty easily. Just like as a heads up when when this bed's in use. >> But there it is. >> Good morning. It's the next morning. It is uh 5:55. I am going to see if I can get into the concier lounge to grab a little quick bite before heading down to kind of wait and see what the area is around where the Bluey meet and greet's going to be. So, they're going to have something called Wakey Wakey with Blue and Bingo first thing and that's at it's not for a while. Also, just kidding. The concier's lunch doesn't open until 7:00. So, we're going to go up to Wakey wakey with Blue and Bingo is at 8:45 and then the meet and greet is at 9:15. So, we got quite a while, but I'm going to go over to Cabanas, see what time Cabanas opens up at, and see if I can just grab like something quick to eat and then just kind of go sit down around D lounge cuz last night we did the pajama party, but we were at dinner. Pajama party started at 7:15. We kind of finished up dinner and kind of ran there. Got there by like 717. So, we didn't see the beginning of it and we uh were seated at the back. So, I want to make sure that we have a good spot because that was just Blue and Bingo doing a thing where they came out on stage and kind of danced with the kids and then they went back. This one is there's going to be like a thing and then there's going to be a meet and greet. So, I feel like the meet and greet will be a bigger draw than just a pajama party. So, we're going to go down and get ready for that. So, the sun's just starting to come up. This is interesting because if we look at the horizon long enough, you can see how much the ship is moving this morning. We hit some pretty rough seas around like 5:00 a.m. this morning. And so I want to show you guys how much the pools are moving. So this is the adults only pool right here. And you can see just from the motion of the ship, we're moving quite a bit here. Yeah, we're rocking kind of a lot this morning. Definitely one huge difference that we found between Royal Caribbean and Disney. Disney ships are smaller, so you feel the ocean more. That Royal Caribbean ship we were on utopia of the seas. Couldn't feel a thing. Like we hit seas like this that we're in right now. Didn't notice it. Didn't notice it at all. But we're like, we're really rocking on this Even Cabanas doesn't open until 7:00. All right, let's go and see about Cove Cafe. They might have some stuff. You can, however, get coffee 24 hours a day here on the pool deck. Coffee is hot and ready. Also, any sodas that you want as far as Coca-Cola goes. Cove Cafe doesn't open until 6:30. There is somebody in there, but doesn't open until 6:30. All right, so I'm just going to go down to D Lounge, hang out. We'll get a little something to eat later. Definitely out before anybody else this morning. I've seen maybe like three or four other guests this morning. Seen a lot of crew members out and about cleaning and stuff like that, but not a lot of other guests. Definitely overestimated this this morning. So 6:00. No worries. There's nobody here. Great news everybody. I feel like I could just go in here and sit down. So yeah, this is D lounge. This is where we're going to be meet and greeting with Blue and Bingo. And so I kind of want to sit like I think they have this area open up for kids to sit down. But I think if I could sit in this seat right here, I'd be the closest I could be without being like in the way of anybody else. I think this is going to be my spot. Out the windows, I can see that the sun has started to rise or at least has risen pretty. I mean, it's getting bright out there is what I'm trying to say. It's past the time I was looking at where the other Disney ships are. This is the path of the Disney Adventure. It left port in Port Canaveral a few days ago, but I like that it just like went across land here. I think that might have been a little bit mistake, but it's like out doing loops at sea right now. Like it's just kind of like you can see it's its path of where it was going doing some loops there. And right now it's way down here. Stopped off in Grand Bahama. It's down below Grand Bahama right now. Just kind of like hanging out for a minute there. It went this is its path where it came over. Pretty wild. So I came out of D lounge. There's still so few people around that it's almost 7 6:55. So, I'm going to stop by Vista Cafe because they also have little treats that I can eat. Got a little breakfast in me. Yeah, we could get some croissants, some cinnamon rolls, chocolate chip muffin, a chocolate pillow Danish. That's what I want. There's another pro [music] tip for you guys. Cove Cafe and Vista Cafe have free pastries and stuff. 7:00 the music starts, too, by the way. Music just started [music] in the hallways. 7:30 in the D lounge. The music has turned on and it's a party in here. Oh, look at it. Oh boy. This is party time. It caught me off guard. It's fun because I get to like hear the music cues turn on all around the ship. But something else that was strange that happened. I've been in here since 6:00, but at like 6:15, somebody came in and dropped off three waters, two orange juices, hot water, coffee, coffee, mate, sweetener syrup, tea, danishes, and cookies. And they just left it. And it's been here. It's 7:30 now. It's been here for an hour. It's just been sitting there. I don't know what that's for. [music] I imagine it was for like the performers, the imagineers that are here to see the premiere of Blueie, but like thought they would have been here to have this by now. So, that was something that was interesting about last night when we saw Pajama Party with Bluey and Bingo. all the Imagineers and or Disney cast members, like upper [music] performance cast members and entertainment cast members after the show, they went over notes and they're like, "Okay, here's some things that we have to change. Here's some things that are going to be different." And I thought that was really interesting to see cuz this would be a like a soft opening of Blue and Bingo cuz they're not scheduled to come out until February. Just got kicked out of D Lounge. So, we're waiting outside now and they just did the turned on the Bluey music and did the walls to the Bluey background. By the way, we have arrived at Lookout Key. And there is starting to be a little bit of a line outside of D lounge now. It is 8 8:25. And these guys are holding my spot in line. >> Look at this. >> First in the lounge and get some fruits. >> Oh yeah. >> Did you see Oliver's cool outfit? >> I did. >> Let me see. >> Let me see your outfit. >> Who's on it? >> Liy. >> And who? >> And mom. Um and mommy sprayed my hair. Yeah. >> Mommy sprayed your hair to make you look cool. We're going in. Look at him run. All right, we did it. Playing some bluey music. Jackson, this is where I was sitting over here. [music] I thought this was a little bit closer to the stage. Come sit over here, Jackson. You can sit right here on this ground. We got a little bit of a spoiler alert over here. Look, Blue and Bingo bubble wands and the magic xylophone. Everybody's showing off the the background, but I think that it's cool that they added little things in here. Like I'm going to go with this picture right here is the four brothers, Stripe, Bradley, and Bandit. >> It's three. >> There's Oh, sorry. The three brothers. It's about three. Also, there's a [music] song playing right now. That's the Brother song that um >> Calypso sings to the kids at school, >> but I haven't ever heard this song before, >> like a real one, >> like on an album or something like that. >> Well, I think there are two albums. The first one, >> of course, Bluey's dad, Bandit, is an archaeologist. So, this is some of the art that they have in their house in the show. About 5 minutes until they're about to come out. And the room is starting to get a little bit more full. 8:45. A new song started. The curtain is starting to wiggle. I don't know if that's just general wiggliness. >> It's time to wake up. >> All right, everyone. We're going to start with our step taps. You got it. Oh, you got to do a step tap. Do you see how she's doing it? Oh, there you go, Oliver. It's perfect. You're doing great. >> Now, I want to see your best dance moves. >> Oh, [music] this is the dance moves. >> Sing along if you know it. I think we should have some friends join us. What do you think? >> Yay. [screaming] >> All right, let's see if our friends are coming. Who could it be? It's Bingo. Good morning, Bingo. I'm so glad to be here. >> But where's Bluey? >> Hello, Bluey. >> Everyone say hi. >> I'm so glad that you could join us. We all just got warmed up. >> But what do you think we should do next? >> Good job, Jackson. >> Amazing. I think we're just >> Oh, let me see your spin. Let me see your spin, Oliver. I think we've almost got it. Girls, do you think we've almost got it? >> We need to say be. Can everyone say be you? >> Amazing. In, out, in, [music] out. [music] >> Good job, Oliver. >> But I think it might be time for another game. We're going to play magic xylophone. How this works is whoever's holding the magic xylophone, that's me, has the power to freeze anyone in their tracks. They can't move unless I hit the magic xylophone again. Everyone, should I unfreeze them? >> Okay. >> Yay. Good job, Louis and Bingo. All right, everyone. Are you ready to give it a try? >> Come on, girl. >> I've never seen a chicken before. >> And >> oh, hold still, Oliver. >> Dance like a puppy dog. What does a puppy dog do? >> Oh, they're all on the ground. >> Every kid. >> And please, I think Blue and Bingo are doing the floss. I think I can do it, too. How about you? All this went by pretty quick. Great idea. >> I think it's time for dance. Now, let's dance. Did you guys have fun? >> Yeah. You've got some super cool dance moves. Do you hear that? >> Oh, biscuits. I think it's time for the girls to go and grab a quick snack over here. >> This way. [music] We're cats. We're cats. We're cats. >> Meow. >> Meow. I just hope they play burger. >> Yeah, good job everyone. Did you have so much fun? All right. Well, we'll see you real soon. And do not worry, friends. Blue and Bingo will be right back out to say hello to you guys. All right. Thank you for joining me. Goodbye. >> So, the meet and greet is on the opposite side. They're going to meet in front of this backdrop right here, whereas we were all looking at the stage over there. So, we have to get into this line right here. It's a bit chaotic afterwards. And now the line for the meet and greet kind of scoot like sweeps back and forth through the entire room. So, I like went to go throw something out and I was like, "How's this meet and greet going to work?" And they're like, "Oh, there's already a huge line." And I was like, "Oh, okay. Can >> you tell them you've been here since 6:00 a.m.?" >> No. Oh, and they also have a photo photographer in here, too. So, that'll be good. We bought the photo package. Um, also they did tell me that no matter how long this line is right now, everybody that's in line will get to meet with Blue and Bingo. I don't know if they're letting more people in, but we're definitely going to be able to see Blue and Bingo. >> Hello. Good morning. >> Blue and Bingo took a quick break, but now they're back. We're doing it, everybody. It's going to happen soon. Just uh keeping you guys up to date. I'm uh I'm 4 hours into this. >> Oh, look. They're excited. >> All right. Say >> cheese. Like that. There you go. Perfect. [music] Now, here's the paparazzi. Fabulous. >> All right. 1010. We're all done meeting Blue and Bingo. It was very rushed because there's such a long group of people waiting to see Blue and Bingo. I understand that, but it was very rushed. on cruises after this, like when it's official in February. I think there will be more meet and greets and it won't be as rushed. But that felt just like when the Sanderson sisters first came out and how rushed that was. It's like a double-edged sword because I'd like for the meet and greet to last longer, but I'd also like for the line to be shorter because the kids by the time that it was them getting up in line, it was like they lost their mind. There's Captain Minnie out there meeting and greeting. Look at how beautiful Lookout looks today. We are probably going to stay on the ship today just because away. >> We're having a relaxing day. But man, it looks beautiful out there. Look at the color of the water. When we made it back to the room, there was a a schedule of everything that's happening today. >> It's our paper itinerary. >> Yeah. >> So, you can request a paper itinerary. We didn't request it, but we had one outside of our door. >> It was a pretty tiny writing, >> but I like that it shows all the Fennel Vision movies here. >> Oh, what are we going to watch? Elemental today. Finding Dory, Tangled, Muppet Treasure Island. >> Oo, >> all right. Now, it is time for us to head out to the pool. do some relaxing. All right, we're out in the pool here. Oliver has no fear. Look at him. He's just like standing over top that just a piece of glass that looks down over top of the ocean. Well, not glass, but like plexiglass. See, he's like that's exactly where I want to be staring down at the abyss. Look at us. We're all in this pool. Or you could say >> we're all in this pool together. So, everybody is on um lookout right now at Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. Oh. So, we decided to stay on the ship. Jackson requested to stay on the ship. We spent a lot of the morning in line for Blue and Bingo. So, we said, "Yeah, we'll just we'll just hang out on the ship today." >> Um, and it's really nice. Nobody's really here. It's very, very low crowds. There's no line for the slide. >> I know. >> Let's do it. The aqueduct >> starting to look like somebody's ready for their nap. Was that you? >> No. >> He goes, "No." As he's falling over. For lunch, we got some tacos. This was one of the things that they added with Donald's Cantina in the uh in the Reaper. We got >> I just got a cheeseburger cuz I didn't know if you would want tacos or a cheeseburger. >> So, you want the cheeseburger? >> I want the taco. >> You That's fine. Yeah. Yeah. And then they they only had the four cheese um pizza, which has blue cheese on it, and Jackson won't eat that. So, they said they would make a cheese pizza, so we're just waiting on that. >> They gave us a buzzer. >> And I'll eat a hot dog. I don't know. He won't eat anything on the on the line. So, this is what he picked. >> Hot dog. Jackson, did you know that this is the first uh first movie you ever watched in the theater? >> He's into it. >> All right. So, we just left the pool. We had lunch out by the pool. We're going to head into the lounge and go up to the sund deck. I also wanted to show you guys cuz I don't know if Tim did like a pan around of the new the newly renovated lounge, but it is so beautiful. Definitely. We've gained some space in here. I love all of the Hercules accents. There's a little kids area. This wasn't here before. And then now the food is back here. So, let me show you what they have for lunch. All right. We've got some spinach guacamole. Ooh, spinach. That's kind of interesting. Grilled chicken, some sushi rolls, a vegetable sandwich on a multigrain roll. Mint lassi. Italian sandwiches. Carrot cake. vanilla cupcake with that strawberry tart that looks really good and an orange panata. So, we've been out here on the concier sund deck. He's been playing Paper Mario on the Thousand-Year Door just lounging. These chairs are awesome. And we had some snacks. And now we're going to go because there's an Oceaner Lab open house. So, we're going to go check that out and see. I think there was a pirate craft they were doing. I don't know if we're going to make it in time. Um, but we're going to do a pirate craft. And because it is the um, lookout key day, honestly, nobody's really we've seen maybe two other people out here. So, it's been very nice and secluded and quiet and uh, wonderful. There was um, another little like a mom and a son out here for a little bit. Couple of guys in the hot tub and that was really it. Like, so it's been pretty quiet today. All right, so we came down to the lounge and what did you get? And you got a little sneaky treat. What is it? Marshmallow. The chocolate covered marshmallow. I got some tea sandwiches, cucumber, smoked salmon, an egg salad, and I made myself a coffee. Jackson got some water. Pretty relaxing day, huh? [laughter] You're so silly. All right, we're on deck five. And wait for me, please, buddy. We're headed to the Oceaner lab. I think we're going to catch the end of an open house. >> We're learning how to draw the character. Now, as we learn how to draw, we want to look at something. We want to look at a ref. Don't worry, we're practicing. Find a reference of Captain Hook. Look and learn, study, and the more you draw, the better you're going to get. Anyhow, that's how we draw using our model, Captain Hook. Oh, wait. One more thing. Don't forget, you got to sign your artwork. >> All right, we came back to the room. Oliver gets to play the video game for a minute because he took his nap. What are you playing, Oliver? >> Mario All Stars. >> I did my drawing class. >> Mario 3D. >> Oh, Mario 3D. I learned how to draw Captain Hook because it is pirate night. So, take a look at my drawing and give me your your >> your genuine reaction. >> What? >> It looks pretty good. >> Does it? >> I like that he's like this. [laughter] >> He's doing a smolder. He's like uh like Flynn Ryder. >> Let me see. >> Look at him. He's got he's got some uh >> Janicequa. >> Yeah. What? Didn't [clears throat] know the word. >> Uh what's the I don't [laughter] know. >> I thought he turned out pretty good. >> He was hard to draw. He's a He's a gentleman, you know. A gentleman and a scoundrel, I would say. >> I think you should use a codfish for a little bit of both. >> You should give that to him. >> I should. >> You should have him sign it. >> Oh, man. Actually, yeah, maybe I will. I'll say I drew you today. What do you think? Can he sign? He He's not left-handed, right? >> Um I don't know which hand his hook is on. We didn't We didn't draw his hook. So, >> let's see. >> If you ask me, he's all right. [laughter] >> Pretty sure his hook's on his left hand. >> As we were walking back up to the room. Um we passed by a lady who was wearing a shirt. I'll give you I'll give you one guess what her shirt said. >> It said uh Jonas Brothers on Tour 2018. >> No, it said it was a Napster shirt. >> Oh, >> it was a nap. Who remembers Napster? She was wearing a Napster shirt. I was like, "What? >> Did you ask her about it?" >> No, cuz I >> get a lime wire shirt. >> I was so t right. I was so taken aback from I was like, "Wo, >> it's like a like a thing that never even really existed." I mean, it did exist, but it was so long ago I I forgot about it. >> I'm going to wear a MySpace shirt. >> I thought Friendster. Yeah, Friendster. >> Came into the lounge. Look at all these gold coins. >> All right. So, it is like an open bar right now, but I got a mocktail. This is pineapple juice, grenadine, and soda water. It's an open bar in the concierge lounge. You shouldn't just say there's an open bar on the cruise line. >> Yeah. Yeah. From 5 to 10 every night. They do um like an open bar. >> Got to say if you're a drinker like concierge, you would get your money's worth. >> Try this. >> Oh yeah, it's good. Tastes like pineapple juice. >> I like how Yoda is a pirate. This uh I think it's an Ewok. >> Yeah, it's an Ewok. >> Everybody's pirates. Stitch has got Oh, he's he's Pirates of the Caribbean. Look, he's Johnny Depp. All right, it's time for Enchanted Garden for dinner. For pirate night, we wore our best piratey outfits. >> I didn't bring any pirate clothes. I like wasn't even thinking about >> See, I'm being I'm being more of a uh >> I don't know. I was going to say >> you Oh, that's why somebody was wearing a Napster shirt. >> Oh, okay. I'm going to wear a pirate bay shirt. Oh my gosh. >> It's like music. >> Now, right, >> that's the perfect shirt. >> Like like that thing of like >> Yeah, >> my mind is I'm going to wear a Lars shirt. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. There is bacon and wild mushrooms are pretty good. I'm kind of excited for it. There it is. >> Perfect. Thank you so much. Jen got the uh the tuna tower. >> There's a lady yelling so loud. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oliver got some broccoli soup. >> You don't want broccoli soup? >> It's soup with nothing in it, buddy. >> This is soup with nothing in it. Give it a try again. >> What do you taste? Is it good? >> Okay. If there's one thing that is for certain, it is that on a Disney cruise, I will get a wedge salad and a meat omelette. I got the seared pork tenderloins. >> Huh? Oh, no. Thank you. >> Scallop action. >> Why not? Put some fresh cracked pepper on there. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. >> Jackson got or Oliver got the uh the chicken just as he always does cuz he loves it. And then Jackson opted for some pizza from the pool deck. >> So as he wanted cheese pizza, but this pizza, it's different. >> Like a personal size pizza here. >> It's different than the pizza on the pull deck. So I went down to the pool deck to get in the cheese pizza. Up to the pull deck. Yeah. And they had four cheese pizza, but that has blue cheese on it. >> Just for your FYI. >> And you know what they say about blue cheese. >> It's true. Look at my my artistic asparagus. >> It's like you're playing tic tac toe. Breaking news here on the Disney Dream. Kids still have paper straws, but somehow you ended up with a plastic straw. >> We didn't try to do it. It just showed up. All right. I don't know if you guys can see, but there's my sundae. And they're going to do a crayon puzzle for us. >> This is a What kind of sundae was this? >> Oh, this was the peanut butter chocolate. >> Oh, peanut butter chocolate. That's what I want. Ah, yes. A window. >> There is a five square. 1 2 3 4 five square. We have to move three crayons. Make a three squares. >> Three squares. Three squares. So, we go like this. And then we do like this. And then we do like that. >> Oh, no. I did it too quick. I just looked at it. [laughter] >> We had this >> and it broke. >> Is this new? >> I don't know. I'm going to get I'm going to get that tower. >> I never seen this. >> Oh, I don't know if it is new, but I'm getting this. This is a Disney dream. My Disney dream checklist. Sip coffee. Dominate a Disney trivia. Make a splash on the aqueduct. Hit the link so goofy golf. Eat Mickey Churro waffles. Chill at Satellite Falls. Look at our towel animal. It's a It's a monkey. >> It really is a monkey. Look at that. >> Oh, wait. Let me turn the light on so you can really see. >> It's exciting. >> How do you turn the light on in here? >> Uh on the wall. >> Which which one? >> On the wall. >> There it is. >> There's our monkey. >> Two monkeys. >> Dad, put the monkey down. >> Here you go. >> So, we did get our our Bluey merch. >> Oh, yeah. >> This is I got it for me. Of course. >> It fits perfect. >> Is this a monkey? >> It is. >> It is a monkey. >> We're going to play a game. Kids t-shirt, Christmas ornament, Christmas ornament. Leave in the comments which one you think was the most expensive. All right, so we are going to get the boys to sleep. We kind of like went too long at dinner and then too long in the gift shop. So the pirate show that we normally do away away away, come live the life, the life we love. That one we kind of missed. It's 8:01 right now. It started at 7:45, but I think we probably like missed some of the good stuff. So, we're just going >> Cannonball pass. >> I think we missed the cannonball. Yeah. >> Oh, come on. >> So, um we're just going to get the kids ready for bed. But the fireworks are off the starboard side. We are on the starboard side. So, after the kids go to sleep around 10:30, we can go out on the on the balcony. >> You like a pinñata, Dad. >> Oh my goodness. We can go out on the balcony. And oh no, his head came off. >> Oh my goodness. We could go out on the balcony and watch the fireworks. The kids are asleep. Um Jen is still inside there, but she kind of fell asleep with Jackson. Fireworks are going to start in about 15 minutes. The captain just turned us towards the moon. Let's see what we can see. They might be pretty far or pretty close to the ship. Sort of back in that direction, but should be starting any second now. Oh yeah, it's a pretty good view. >> So they are piping in the music maybe concierge that's up just above us. So that might be why we can sort of hear it a little bit. This is actually pretty cool to watch is cuz you can look down at the the waves down here and see the lights from the fireworks. I got to say, I like this a lot better. like watching them from deck four or watching them from here. Amazing. That was awesome. Well, we did it. Everybody, good morning from our day at Nassau. And we are uh just this morning we're going to get breakfast. I'm in the lounge right now. We just stopped by to see if >> Look at my hand. Oh my goodness. He has a croissant finger. We just stopped by to see if there was anything like spectacular on the buffet. It was pretty much the same as it was yesterday. Like little light bites, some fruit, uh some blocks, some lassie, some uh micks, things like that, cereals. >> What's lassie? >> Lassie. It's like a drink type. >> Lassie. L Ssi. I'm taking the boys to um Royal Palace to get some breakfast. What palace are we going to now? >> Oo palace. We're going to go to the sit down restaurant. Make it a little bit easier. Okay, Jackson made the executive decision that we're going to Cabanas. We'll see how this goes. Oh my goodness. They made Ursula out of towels. That was wild, right buddy? >> Yeah. >> That's so wild. I didn't think today was going to be churo waffle day, but it turned out it was. So, we got some churo waffles. Heck >> yeah. >> Why did you get a normal waffle, too? >> Well, I don't know. cuz this came before the churro waffles. So I said, "Let me get that regular waffle first." And then Jackson got he just likes to eat bacon for breakfast. That's his only bacon. >> The chur waffle. >> Okay, go ahead. >> And this one. >> Okay. Oh, the only problem is they didn't have sausage for my omelette today. They just had ham and bacon, which is okay. Ham, bacon, and cheese. Still a meat omelet. All right, we're going to deck five cuz wo we're headed to uh Andy's room for the open house. We have toddler time for families, right? Toddler time. >> That's right. Toddler time for families. >> Toddler time with Andy B. I like that. [screaming] >> Exactly. There's already a line waiting for I think one of the princesses. We came into Oceaner Lab, maybe. I can't remember which. Oh, R2 is talking to us cuz it is open house right now. And there's a line waiting for Spider-Man already. And Spider-Man's coming at 9:00 and it's only 8:29. Listen, I know that's what I was saying. And then we came over to toddler time in Andy's room. Oliver's making some cake. Jackson is also doing some cake. But Jackson also likes to stuff in ham because it comes out the other side. >> Jackson found this big dice. Wait, let me see the big dice. >> It's got bluey animals on it. >> And then it still gets to like the potter. What's that? Oliver found his favorite noise in RC. >> Push it again. Let's hear it. >> You like it? >> Well, there's lots of excitement happening around. Got Tiana down there. Donald's just kind of roaming up here. Uh Belle is down there. What does he got? He's just checking out Midship Detective Agency. Uh-oh. >> Oh no. [laughter] >> Came to D Lounge. We're going to Disney Junior dance party. Oh, they've already started dancing. And the dance party hasn't even started yet and we're already dancing. >> There still is music. >> That's true. There still is music. >> Uh, hello. >> Hi, CJ. It's me, Mickey Mouse. >> Hi, Mickey. Are you your way? We're here for the Disney Junior dance party waiting for you. And you got all the songs. They're all here. >> Oh gosh. I know, but I got caught up helping the captain of the ship, [laughter] but I'll be there as soon as I can. Good luck. >> Bye, Nikki. >> Oh no. Well, >> oh no, that baby didn't like it. Well, that was cool. They downloaded food bound drinks super awesome music machine. >> I am Sam. More new friends. >> Welcome to the P R T Y >> party >> party. >> Are you ready to move to the Disney Junior Groove? How about this one? It's one of my favorites. >> I wonder [music] how >> What song is this? Robots. >> You're doing great, boys. >> Oh, Mickey's calling again. >> Is anyone there? >> Hi, CJ. It's Mickey again. [laughter] >> Hi, Mickey. Are you on your way? >> I've got one more thing I have to do and I'll be on my way. >> There's Mickey. >> Oh my goodness. He's back in the back. Look at him back there. >> Hi, Mickey. >> AND LOOK WHO I BROUGHT. >> Who'd you bring? And Minnie. >> Oh man, kids are losing their minds. Oh, I'm sorry it took us so long. There's Mickey and Minnie. We need some more for a place to be ready. >> Gosh. Do [laughter] you think we could suggest a couple of songs? >> Yeah. So exciting. [music] >> You know what? Stretch. >> Oh, stretch. [music] >> Wiggle wiggle [singing] wiggle giggle wiggle wiggle wiggle. Oh, making go. >> It was our pleasure. >> Oh gosh, we better get back. >> A CAPTAIN'S WORK IS NEVER DONE. >> This is Oliver's >> favorite thing to do on the cruise is lay in these things. Hey, we're next to the Margaritavville. Margaritavville paradise. I think this is all the princesses around now. Cinderella, Mulan, uh Rapunzel, Ariel, and Belle. This must be like the princess royal gathering, but Cinderella's up here by herself. For the royal gathering, you have to sign up for it. It's not It doesn't cost anything, but you do have to sign up for it. But then you just meet Cinderella just by getting in line. All right, so we are headed back down to D Lounge. Actually, we stopped up here. I got a coffee in the concier lounge. But now we're headed back down to D Lounge to make friendship bracelets. Heck yeah. Mine's going to say best friends forever with mommy. And we're doing friendship bracelets. Just call me Taylor Swift. Why? >> I don't know. That's She does. They do. Friendship bracelets. >> I believe in you, Oliver. You can do it. Here's Jackson's. Mommy's making a rainbow one. Oliver's making the best that he can. And I made blue and green. But I realized that I took all the blues and greens, so people might need them. >> So, I'm going to take mine apart. >> No, just go get some more. He said we could get more if we need more. >> Yours is so pretty. >> Or I can actually like add to mine anyway. So, >> Oh, yeah. I think I'll probably make it through orange and yellow. >> Oh, Jackson made two bracelets. >> One number two. >> Reminder, we have about 10 minutes more. >> Mommy's rainbow. >> Mine is blue and green. >> Oliver, let me see your bracelet. >> Oliver, let me see your bracelet. >> Whoa, these are cool, buddy. >> So beautiful. I want to get a picture of all of our bracelets. >> Oh, yeah. We should do a boomerang. Let me get >> 2016's in in in like in right now. It's true. Perks of being concier is free popcorn. >> You just say, "I'm concier." And they said, "Oh, here's your popcorn." >> They need to check your room key or your band. >> All right. We stopped in the lounge to see what they had for a little pre-launch snacky. Oh, I already grabbed you one of those. >> I'm going to grab another one. >> Oh, okay. >> Did you get me an onion capres sandwich? >> I didn't. They also have, look at this, strawberry shortcake verine. That looks so good. I'm going to get one of those. But they have um Yeah, a little bit of everything. >> Butterscotch chocolate chip cookies today. >> Oh, be a fan of these. >> Try them. >> Be like a butterbeer. [laughter] >> All right, here's our pre-launch spread. I don't think we're going to be hungry for lunch now. >> Oh, I'll be hungry. [laughter] >> I'm going to go grab a cherry coke cuz they have them in the fridge. So, next to the coffee area, they do have a fridge full of sodas and waters. I'm going [music] to grab a cherry coke and a water for Tim. And the kids have some apple juice. >> Looking over at the Margaritavville Paradise. What an interesting ship. Doesn't look terrible, but I haven't heard anything good about this ship. All right, next stop in Cabanas for lunch. We're simple, folks. We like pizza. We like chicken. >> All right, so Oliver, what'd you get? What'd you get? >> A Vaporeon. Whoa. Oliver's down for his nap right now. So Jackson's playing Pokémon Go. Since we're at port, we can get some cool uh how many What are they like water types? Cuz we're in the Bahamas. So, we're going to head down to deck four, I think, and hang out at [music] the running track. So, we're on deck four. This is the like the running jogging track. And there are some chairs. Caught a Magikarp. There are some like comfy kind of lounger chairs out here. This is one of my favorite places to hang out cuz it's shaded. It's cool. Right now, we're getting sprayed by something. I don't know if they're like cleaning the windows up there or what, but we're getting a nice little cool mist. We have a view of the Freedom of the Seas, the Royal Caribbean Freedom of the Seas. A lot of you guys said on our last on our very first Royal Caribbean cruise that this would probably be the size of Royal Caribbean ship that's most similar to a Disney cruise. And it looks like they have kind of like a a big sort of slide on the back there. Two slides. They've got some cabana style like areas up by that pool. And then in the front of the ship, it almost looked like they had a um a mini golf course. I don't know if that's what it was, but that's what it looked like from from here. >> Yeah. So, maybe we'll try the Freedom of the Seas. >> Seems like everybody It's like 2:30 and it seems like everybody's back on the ship now. The pool is full. Line for uh Aqueduct is getting a little bit longer. People are relaxing and hanging out watching Ryan the Last Dragon. Here's something that's funny about this ship is on the Fantasy, which is the sister ship to this, there's a splash pad here. It's the Aqua Lab, but here it's a bar that nobody seems to go to. So, if you're looking for a bar on the Disney Dream, come back to Waves. Look at this. No wait, no people are sleeping in the booth. Looking out there in Nassau, and it looks like that yacht, 7C's, is still there. Last time we were here, I said, "Whose yacht do you think this is?" And people replied that they was once owned by Steven Spielberg. Could still be owned by Steven Spielberg, but it was once owned by Steven Spielberg. So, it might just be docked here for like the time being. As a side note, this yellow slide, the Mickey slide, has been uh dry the entire time that we've been on the ship. So, I assume there's something going on with it. Look at that. They already added the adventure to the mural behind guest services. So, you got the seven over there. And then this is our eighth right there. Is it? >> Yeah. Right. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. One of the perks of staying in concierge is, and I don't know if this is every sailing or I just know that it's happened on the last this cruise and the last time that we stayed in concierge, they uh do a special character meet and greet in the concier lounge just for concier guests. So, that's happening at 4:30 today. It's about 4:08. We're a little bit early, but we're just going to hang out, get some drinks, get some snacks, uh, and just wait for them to show up, see who it is. All right, it looks like it's Daisy that came out. We do it on the sund deck. Do you see Daisy's here? Can't even see her. She's over there. There's also uh Mickey Rice Krispie treats and chocolate and vanilla shakes that they're giving to us. You got chocolate flavored crisp rice cereal treat and a vanilla milkshake. >> Oliver looks at this and goes, "Um, is that an omelette?" >> Yeah. Now, the Royal Caribbean ship left and I didn't even notice. Look, now we can see their uh their Royal Beach Club over there. Nobody left on it cuz that was the only ship from Royal Caribbean in port this day. Jackson, here it is. This really is Zootopia of the Seas. [music] All right, we came up to do some goofy golf. I think this is Oliver's first time doing mini golf. >> No, he did it on the Royal Caribbean. >> Oh, he did it on Royal Caribbean. >> I was over there. >> We were here. We were literally here on this. >> Look at that. >> Same parking spot there. No, not different parking spot. Jeez Louise. >> Good job, Oliver. >> You guys need to Let's see if we can figure out who owns this yacht now. This one's B T E L L O. Battello. I googled it and it said that it is owned by an American billionaire who likes to keep their identity private. So, uh, we don't know. There's some billionaires yacht. So far, I I decided not to play just to kind of like >> save the chaos. >> Oh. Oh, look at that. It just turned. It was the wind. >> Well, I'm going to blame the wind. >> Where Oliver, where's your ball? Is it in the sand castle? >> Oh, yeah. Good job. >> Good job, buddy. Poland 19. Okay, >> perfect score. >> Good job. Go sports. Did you hear them? It's 3 2 1. Go sports. Their balls are made of wood. This one's made of or cork. >> Oh, wow. This one's wood. [music] Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's see how mommy does. Oh, right in between Oliver's legs. Feels like a trick shot. The MS Grandios is saying everybody we're going to be leaving soon. >> Whoa, buddy. >> So, we're leaving the island now and some people just got dropped off at this beach right here. That boat just dropped them off. Do they live there? I don't know. But the that boat just dropped them off right there. Hm, that's interesting. It's at the end of the Royal Caribbean Beach Club. You can see Atlantis. You can see the Royal Beach Club. And then here's the old lighthouse. >> Not looking so good. >> Can you still go in there? >> If you're brave enough. >> Oh no. >> Now we're headed to Royal Palace for dinner. >> This is been getting like gussied up. >> I wanted to mention this dress. I got a lot of comments about it in our Royal Caribbean vlog. It's from Lily Pulitzer, but it is like probably 2 or 3 years old. So they don't have this exact print. You can definitely find this style of dress on their website still. Oh, and this is a short cruise. So, this is our last night. We are getting off the ship tomorrow morning. >> Have any days at sea, which is kind of weird. >> I know. >> It kind of feels weird not to have a day at sea. >> But, you know, we didn't get off the ship at all. So, this is every day was a day at sea for us. But, we got some exciting news from uh here at Royal Palace, by the way. This is it. Royal Palace. >> It was our our server Amanda gave us an insider tip. >> Not a tip, but like something that most people would be upset about. They don't have any brie. This is the breaded and deep fried burri. A lot of people really like this. I'm not a huge fan of it, but a lot of people really like it, but there So, they said they're ordering the brief from France. It hasn't come in yet. They said fleetwide there's no deep fried brie, but they replaced it with some eggplant parmesan. So, I'm going to get that. This is my order. Eggplant parmesan farmhouse salad. And then I'm going to get the chat bon. That is the eggplant parmesan. >> A rolled piece of eggplant. You normally have this on the longer cruises to 7 days or 5 days. When you have this restaurant again, I think that's on the second. And then here's my or my cargo. It looks different. Let's see. Got a lot of butter. Tastes like teragon. >> Teragon. >> So, who won? Oh, they're playing the square game. >> How is it, buddy? >> We're just eating noodles. >> So, on tonight's menu, they had a kids chicken breast. It is way less chicken breast than we did on the other things. >> It looks like the chicken breast was bananas. >> Yeah, they're so loud tonight. >> And also, Jackson got chicken tenders and they were just like, "Here's two." >> So, I think our kids just eat more than the kids menu thinks they do. Oliver, do you like tomatoes? Yeah. >> You got so many tomatoes now. What makes this uh chat real? That's this sauce, right? >> I think it's >> Is it what? >> That's not dessert. That's my regular food. Look at that. >> Oh, Bernese. Oh, we love it. Oh, fancy. Oh, man. Look at that. I got the apple tartan. It's like a lot of apples. Got apple underneath there. This is like an apple bread. This is just straight up apples right here. And you got the strawberry shortcake. >> I thought they had the molten cake on this menu, but it's only on the six night cruises. So, I guess we got to book another one. >> Goofy's just out here roaming. I think he's roaming. I don't know where he's going. >> There's a rabbit. Look at that. >> What is it? >> [music] [music] >> All right, it's time for us to leave. I really, really, really like this room. I thought that it was a fantastic setup. >> Well, we were talking about how we thought Oh, for a second I thought this picture was sideways. >> Oh, yeah. >> I was like, does it go like this? So, I feel like this room makes more sense for us than the royal suite. So, we've done the royal suite. I'll link some of those videos down below. It's It's a little smaller, which is totally fine cuz it still has enough room for all of us. The deck is a little bit smaller, but it's fine cuz we don't normally use the hot tub that's in the royal suite, and it just I don't know. I really like this room a lot, and it's obviously a lot cheaper than the royal suite is, and you still get the concierge perks and access. >> So, I don't know. I really like it. You don't get you don't get Paulo delivered to the room even though you have a table, but I think that's okay. All right, we're headed out to the lounge so that we can do our express walkoff. Well, first we're gonna have a little breakfast in the lounge. Little coffee and uh do our express walkoff. We have until 8:05 to leave. >> We are going home. >> So something that happened is so the Destiny and the Dream both leave out of Port Everglades. Every week they switch their peers if they're both in port at the same time. So today is one of those days. We uh we never got to take a bath in the bathtub. >> That was one thing that I totally forgot. >> But okay, let's go. >> Last night, >> oh, did you? We were so tired. Oh my gosh. >> So, the breakfast in the concier lounge is definitely not as like extensive as you could get up at Cabanas or at the Sitown restaurant. But it's enough to get us going in the morning. It's enough for the kids for sure because they like eating Froot Loops, they like eating fruit, and they like eating uh croissants. So, good to go. And most other pe most other people in the lounge have left because they called all of the luggage tags. We're not in a huge rush. We have until 8:05 to do express walkoff. So I think we'll be okay. Oh, thank you. Anybody else want a bowl of Froot Loops? All right. So we got priority service from in the elevator from deck 12 all the way down to three. Elevator didn't stop. That's one of the things for concier guests. And we're getting express walkoff. So we don't have to wait in the line over here. We just go off to the side and they check us out right away. There it is. See you later, Disney Dream. Thanks for letting us hang out with Bluey because we had to get the car seat for the Uber. We need to take the shuttle back over to the other terminal. And that's where we're headed to right now cuz we are at terminal 26. We need to get to terminal 4. So, I did put a little bit of leeway in our Uber time, though. What I'm really interested in is how do the the baggage helpers work cuz they just helped them out here to the shuttle. They they don't they don't ride with them over to the next terminal. Is there >> all new for me? >> Is there another one? >> Oh, yeah. Pack extra then. Pack extra tips >> maybe. Yeah, just in case. >> All right, we made it onto our shuttle bus. This one's bigger than the rest, so it might take a little bit longer for them to load it, but we didn't have any choice. >> We have time. Our >> I like you like the big one. All right, it's 8:28 and we'll see how long it takes us to get to the other terminal. Good news is we'll get to see the the Destiny when we're there. Where we going? We're making a U-turn here. There it is. There's the Destiny. We're going to let her be our guide. It's uh 8:33 now. And that's where we're headed to is that terminal where the Destiny is parked. All right. 43 is one time we got off the bus and he unloaded all the luggage and everything for us. So, we did good. So, now we're headed to go try to find our Uber. So, we made it to terminal 4 and we are in the ride share area. Now, I'm just waiting because I scheduled my Uber. I'm just waiting for Uber to confirm that they're on their way or that they're close by. We got the schedule is at 9:00 and they have until 9:05. So, I think we're okay. We got a little bit of time. It's getting Yeah, it's hot out here. I had all the kids like jackets and everything packed and they're in long pants and stuff just cuz I thought it might be cold. It was not. Also, because two ships are in port right now, both coming out of the same terminal. A lot of people waiting for. So, because of the traffic, she's still a mile and a half away now. Arriving at 9:19. She'll be here soon. All right, 9:19. She's almost made it into the garage. Our pickup time is 9:19. So, our train doesn't leave until like 10:30, so I think we're okay. All right, it's about 10:00 now. We've made it to Bright Line. Now we're just waiting for the train to arrive. Train, we should be getting on around like 10:25. All right, train should be arriving very soon. We're waiting for it to show up. >> Oh, we're on bright green. And what do you >> Mario Wonder, we made it. We're back in Orlando. We're pulling into the station right now. all this. >> Uh, no, not right now. >> We're all done, buddy. >> We did it. >> Welcome back to Orlando. We've got bacon on the walls. >> That's art, buddy. It's art. >> It's like weaving. Like textile art. It does look like bacon, doesn't it? So, there you have it. That was our trip on the Disney Dream. And the kids really had a good time. They really were excited that Bluey was there. Uh, we were, too. Like, it was a pleasant surprise that we got to be on the very first preview. like I would call it like a soft opening of Blueie coming to the Disney Dream. So Blueie and Bingo will both be meet and greeting and having like the the wakey wakey and the pajama party like we saw. There was also another thing in the kids club that was with Bluey and Bingo, but there is no filming in the kids club unless it's an open house. So nobody got to see that. There's no footage of that. Unless you were a kid in the kids club at the time when Blue and Bingo were there, you would have gotten to see that. Um, and so they will be on the Dream now and on the Wish starting in June. And if there's anything like if you can take anything from this trip, maybe go on the Wish a few days early before June to see if you can catch Blue and Bingo on the Wish. They are also going to be doing what's be or who's behind the curtain, which is a show that they do on the wish, the destiny, and the treasure. Because there's a stage in the atrium and there's a curtain there. They bring kids up on the stage and they say, "Ask us yes or no questions and we'll tell you yes or no." And then you get to guess who's behind the curtain. And so the kids will be like, "Is it a dog? Is it a mouse? Do they wear red? Are they blue? Are they yellow?" That sort of thing. And then they get to ask or then they have to figure out who's behind the curtain. Also, this cruise was such a fantastic and relaxing time. Like it was great. I really enjoyed it. I'm so like it's so cool that we were able to upgrade to the concierge room and save a little amount of money at the port. And with how late we arrived, that is pretty uncommon. Normally those upgrades are all gone by the time that we show up around 1 or 1:30, but this time there still was one. So, we were able to get it for a deal. And that was I really like that. And I'm so glad that we were able to do a room that was pretty comparable to the room that we booked on Royal Caribbean, too. So, we will be able to do like a compare and contrast video about those rooms and about the experience on Disney versus Royal Caribbean with Concierge versus the sweet class or like the sweet level, the sweet neighborhood on Royal Caribbean. So, yeah, it was a fantastic time. Really loved it. So, all in all, it was a fantastic trip. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. My name is Jax and my channel name is the Jack Tracks minus one. Now it's time to pay the price.
