---
video_id: Qp9krQ7bEFM
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our Cozy Little Easter Celebration At Home, Everything We Cooked & Ate + More Home Vlog Fun!"
published: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qp9krQ7bEFM
---
Good morning and happy Easter Sunday. It's still early. Jackson is awake, so he's gonna be coming down first. Oliver's still asleep, so I'm down here first getting ready. I'm going to preheat the oven for some cinnamon rolls. We're going to have bacon. We're going to have eggs and some fruit. It's going to be a delicious morning and a fun one. Okay, it's Easter morning. Got some treats here. And Jackson's the first one awake. So Oliver's still asleep. So come on down, Jackson. >> Okay. And then look at the table. >> Oh, yeah. He's got to look at the table. Which table are you looking at? >> That one. >> Oh, look at the other table. >> Oh, that table. It's not. >> Yeah. >> Look at him. >> I know. >> I got to buy. >> Yeah. Pretty cool, right? >> Yes. It's a watch. >> Yeah. >> Finally, I got a watch. >> And the middle basket's for both of you guys. >> Oh, it's the new one. >> So, this is Super Mario Wonder. And it comes with meet up in B in Bella Bella Park. Bella Bell Park. So I almost call it baby bell. That's a cheese. But it's like a co-op game that you guys can with like mini games that you can play together. And then you got some slippers, too. >> Yeah. >> Pretty cool, right? Oh, wait. What's this thing back here, Jackson? What are these two things? >> This h Pokemon cards. >> Got three Pokemon cards in there, but a lot of spaces for your other Pokemon cards. Let's get this. >> I wonder what this is. >> Well, these are puzzles. It says puzzles right there. >> So, there's a 48 piece, a 48 piece, 72, and a 100 piece. >> Do you want one right now? >> Uh, we can if you want to. Sure. >> I want to do the 100. >> You want to do the 100 piece puzzle? >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, while the oven is preheating, we're going to try to do this this puzzle real quick. >> Wait, no, that's an hour. >> Oh, it sounds like Oliver's awake. >> It's really down there. Are you ready for Easter? >> Thank you. Easter. >> Are you ready? >> Yeah. But which Easter basket have I got? >> And let's go look. You want to look? >> Hello. >> I didn't know. >> How's Jackson doing this puzzle? >> Oh, we're doing it together. I >> think we did it. Wow. Look at that. >> You got to have this. You give me this. >> What is it? >> Memory. Wow. >> Oh my goodness. >> Can I open it now? >> Not right now, buddy. >> Well, let's look and see what else there is, too. >> You want to see what's in the rest of your basket? >> This one over here is yours, Oliver. >> Wow. This mean this. >> Look at this one. >> Wa. >> I'm just going to open this right away. You want me to help you out? >> Whoa. >> What is that, Oliver? It's a magnetic playset. >> You got a Pokemon stuffy, >> buddy. I think you got one. >> Yeah. >> I got this little guy. >> What's his name, Jackson? >> What's his name? Let's look. >> Baneri. >> Baneri. >> Baneri. Look, I think there's one more thing. What's this? >> Sure. >> Oliver, what's that? You like the the stuffing? >> Oh, I think that must be stuff for both of you guys. >> Yes. This. >> Look at this. >> Wo. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, that looks cool. Buddy, look at this. >> Mario Wonder. >> Wa! Mario Wonder, >> Jackson, how do you get this? >> Just like this little magnetic tray thing with some uh Pokémon magnets in it. >> Yeah. >> You like it? >> I got >> What do you have? >> MASTER BALL. >> WO! >> I got this little tiny one. >> And what does the Master Ball do? >> Catch any Pokémon. No matter what >> it does. >> Yes. >> Like they can never break free. >> No. >> Wo. Let me see your watch, buddy. >> Let's see. >> Wow. >> Oh, that one. >> Yeah. It makes it flash. Oh, no. Jackson's already outside. He's looking. Do you remember where you planted your jelly beans at? >> Oh. Oh, I ran into a table. >> Where did I plant my jelly beans? >> Already playing pickle ball. >> I know. Remember Oliver put all of his in just one kind of spot. So, I think all of those right there are probably the ones that Oliver did. >> Wow. >> Oh, no. >> Oh, put them in your basket first, Oliver. Then we'll open them inside. Okay. Put the egg in your basket. >> All right. You found all your 10. >> Wait, did you? >> Yeah. I only got nine. >> Oh, got to look more for the Easter egg. >> Got to find one more. So, one probably blending in with the grass. Let's see if we can find it. Oh, >> I found it. >> Oh, there you are. >> Yeah, it was hard, wasn't it? >> I think all my eggs are money. One opened and I saw like two quarters in there. >> Whoa. >> What should we put them inside? >> Let's go inside. >> Now, let's open them. >> Got any blackberries ready? >> You guys ready to eat yet? >> Not yet. That one. Mhm. >> I just got nervous. Ooh, that's exciting. >> So, maybe the Easter Bunny knew you wanted money for your piggy bank. >> Yeah. Look at this. >> What? >> How much is in there? >> What's inside this? >> How many is What is it? >> $1. It's $1. >> It is. >> Yeah. >> Wo. >> I'm excited to put this in my piggy. >> Are you going already? >> Oh, we buddy. Do you want me to bring your piggy bank over? >> Putting their $3. is their big $3 haul. >> Wo! >> In their piggy banks. >> This one. >> Oh, yeah. I think you got >> And then some candy. >> Wow. More pennies. >> All right. And all the commotion, I forgot to show you guys that we started making some cinnamon rolls >> in the oven there. I think I put them in a little bit too big of a pan, but I like that they're going to spread out. It's going to be nice. Got like 14 or 13 and 1/2 minutes left on like the low end of the timer. I might have to cook them a little bit longer. All right. Now, we're going to take some bacon. I like to cook the bacon on the grill because it makes the whole house stinky if you cook them inside. Just basically like using the grill as if it were a burner on the stove. Just right in the grill just like that. Let it cook on up. As you can see, it's already started to cook a little bit. Starting to wilt little tiny bit. You can see the heat rolling off the grill. So, the kids are playing meet up at Bella Bella Park and they're learning all about what they're having to do here. I'm going to go check on the bacon. See how it's looking. Like 2 minutes left on the on the cinnamon rolls. They're starting to smell so good. Oh my goodness. Those look amazing. Oh, heck yeah. Look at that. Some good looking bacon. Just getting started. Yeah. Look at that. >> Oh, yum. >> I shaped them like Easter eggs. >> Now I just got to put the icing on there. >> Okay. So, you put a little bit, let it kind of melt, and then you can spread it. I just almost burned the heck out of myself just then. >> Why? >> Cuz I touched the pan. >> Oh no, don't do that. Oo. Oh my gosh, it looks so good. >> Okay, it's like ooey gooey. They look so good. I feel like they could have sent some more frosting maybe. >> Well, the frosting melted really quick. >> Yeah, it looks really delicious though. So, we're going to have bacon. I'm going to make some eggs. And then I'm going to cut up some strawberries. So, >> the kids. Um, so yes, we're going to have some eggs, bacon, cinnamon rolls, and some fruit. >> Oh, yes. That looks so delicious. It's cooking up nicely. And now >> we're going to make some cheesy eggs. >> Make some cheesy eggs. >> Just got to wait for this pan to heat up a little bit more. >> Mhm. Looking good. >> It's just butter. >> It's just butter. That's the best part. >> So, today though, we're going to right after we eat breakfast, I'm going to get dressed. The kids are going to get dressed and then we're going to head to go see your mom. And then yesterday in yesterday's video, we went to Build-A-Bear and we got her this special. This is the timeless teddy. And it says, >> "Hi, Grandma. I love you. I love you so much, Grandma, and I miss you so much." >> So, she'll have this while she's away from home of the kids. >> So, we're going to go give this to her for Easter. And then Oliver got a kitty. This is I guess they call it a promise pet. So that you if you can't like >> get a pet for your kids, this is kind of like a like a promise ring. Like I'm going to marry you one day. This is like I'm going to get you a pet one day. >> Oh. >> So this is his promise pet and he named it Poka Poka Kitty. >> It's perfect. >> And then Jackson got a bunny, but I don't know. >> It's over there on the couch. Got a pok a poker on. >> Jackson, what' you name your bunny? >> Poka bunny. Poke Bunny hanging out watching them play. Snorlax fell asleep. He's like, "Ah, just tired." You know, that's how Snorlax is. Oh, no. I missed it. You're cracking eggs in already. >> Well, it's it's a little hot, so I'm like, I got to quick. >> Yeah. >> Sorry. I got to get some seasoning in there. >> So, Jackson said he didn't want any eggs. So, this is just from you and Oliver. And I'm going to put a little cheese. Oliver likes cheesy eggs with ketchup. Wow. >> I think you're the only one who doesn't like ketchup >> on my eggs. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I'm not a ketchup egg fan. >> M. >> All right. I'm still cooking the bacon, but the kids have already started in on the cinnamon rolls. What do you think, Jackson? >> Yeah. >> Oliver, what do you think of the cinnamon roll? >> Good. >> Yeah. Is it yummy? >> I went to put strawberries on his plate. He goes, "That's the worst." >> Oliver. >> Yeah. >> What? >> Oh my goodness. >> We got some cheesy eggs, some strawberries, and some cinnamon rolls. Oh, that might be too much eggs for you. Let me see. >> And the bacon's cooking right now. I'm going to take you guys out and show you the bacon. >> I'm going to get you ketchup. Don't worry. >> Oh, yeah. I think this bacon is just about done. Sorry, I'm trying to get my plate set up. Let me flip it over one more time. These guys are done for sure. I got to take these like There was, for whatever reason, there was some like really thin ones in there. Got to take those out. Couple more. Just need a little bit more time. Oh man, there's my breakfast. Look at that. Oh, I'm so excited for uh I'm cooking more bacon for you right now. >> All right, we're getting ready to go see grandma. Who are you bringing to see grandma? >> Bear. >> Bear. And who's this? >> Little kitty. >> Little kitty. We're going to bring kitty to see grandma. >> Yes. >> Okay. Bunny. >> Yeah. Go get Bunny. Bunny's on the couch. Go get him. Okay. So, we're already We changed. We have on our our Easter fit. >> Here it is. I'm bringing a sweater cuz I don't know how cold it's going to be in that in the place where she is. And >> this has like a you know >> spaghetti strap. So I think I'm going to be a little bit chilly. But yeah, and then we're going to bring her her bear, which I think she's going to be really happy about. And we're going to hang out. And then we'll come back and we'll do lunch and we'll start dinner. And I think that's going to be like the whole day basically. >> You should do that jump thing where you change. I just wanted to show you guys my Easter fit because I'm going to change into something more comfortable. But I got this dress from Bibong. These shoes are from Amazon. >> And this beauty is from this house. I don't know what from Orlando, Florida. >> So, we went to go visit Tim's mom. We couldn't stay super long just with the kids and she had just woken up and so we um we stayed for a little bit. But then your brother and our sister-in-law and the cousins are going to go visit her as well as your dad. So she's going to have lots of visitors today. Um but we gave her her bear. So she's got her bear and she seemed to really like it. So that was really good. And then she was having some lunch. So we we said, "Okay, we'll let you have your lunchtime." And we came back. The kids are eating their lunch. I'm going to change cuz I'm going to start making that um asparagus tart I was telling you about in yesterday's video. >> And I don't want to get anything on this dress. I already got like toothpaste. Immediately got toothpaste on this dress. So >> yeah, show my fit. >> Okay, >> this is the way I look. >> I know. You look so fancy. That's why I put the dress on. >> Well, so okay, >> we've been in our health thing, right? >> Yeah. >> And so some of my clothes are fitting better. >> Yeah. >> So I got these shorts. These are so they're a little bit shorter. These they make 5 in ones. These are 7 in. >> They're very I like them a lot. They show off your tattoo. >> Yeah. So, these were a little bit smaller and my shirts have been fitting bigger. So, I didn't want to just put on a t-shirt, >> whereas these shirts fit correctly. >> Yeah, this looks good. I don't even remember this shirt. >> I bought a bunch of shirts when we went on our first cruise >> or when we went to Hawaii. I don't remember. It was one of those two. Like the first time. >> I think it was the cruise actually. >> Yeah. There was another one that I tried on that was pink. >> Mhm. >> But it like only it it was >> Oh, it was a little crop top. a little short. Like it wasn't short. It was like this bottom button was like there so that if I like >> Oh, your little belly would peek out. >> The skin will peek out. >> Showing some skin on Easter. All right, it's finally time to make our tart. >> And I just want to have my Kinder Joy. >> I think we're just going to hold on one second on the Kinder Joy. But this is We've got our Don't >> Smells good already. >> Okay, this is our puff pastry. So, we've been flattening out our puff pastry. I have my caramelized onions. This is my bag of >> asparag onions. >> I cooked some onions yesterday. My grier. And then >> some honey cheese. >> Oh, just some some mustard. Some don mustard. >> Can I try this? >> All right. So, now that I have this rolled out, I added this mustard. >> Just kind of spread it out a little bit on the bottom. And now I'm adding my caramelized onion, quote unquote jam. It's just caramelized onions, which she said you could use. smells really good already and you haven't even like started. >> It's just the onion that you're smelling. >> But um I just have to try to like put She said she likes to put them like in little globs so that each you'll get like a little surprise bite of onion jam. But uh-oh, what are you guys doing? Let me tell you, trying to cook stuff while having two little boys is hard. It is hard to do. They're literally right there. But like anything can happen. Um, so >> I think that's good. You want to leave a crust, right? So, like how much cr You think that's a good amount? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. And again, I'm going to link her site down below in case you want to make this, too. Um, it's I think it's going to be delicious. I haven't tried it yet, but I just have high hopes. I never actually got to make the funeral sandwiches either. I said I was going to make those for lunch. >> Oh, yeah. The ham and cheese. >> Yeah. And I didn't. So, now I'm going to put my grated grier. >> Yes, buddy. Ooh. What kind of cheese is this? >> Grier. >> Grier. >> Yeah. >> Onions and grier and asparagus. >> Yeah, >> man. Somebody's going to have some stinky breath tonight. >> Not me. It's >> going to be me. That looks pretty good. >> Do you think I need to do more? It said to use the whole block. >> This looks like enough to me because it would like it'll like melt and spread out. >> Okay. So, then we literally just place these on top in a It said to use a whole bunch, but I think I might just use the rest of these and like cook them. I feel like maybe hers might have been bigger. >> Yeah, I think so because I >> I even flattened this out like me and Jackson flattened it out >> with like a rolling pin. Yeah. >> Yeah. But I think I don't want it to be too crowded, >> right? Won't these make it a little like watery, too? >> Not not asparagus. >> Oh, okay. >> Then I just sprinkle it with >> with cheese on the top. >> Let me get some of this cheese grating action. Well, my I feel like I'm so nervous I'm going to like scrape my nails on it. >> I know. I might have you do some. >> Okay, I'll do it. >> Okay, now we're just going to sprinkle the top. >> Go. >> With some cheese. >> Oh, yeah. This will be good. >> I go I asked Jackson cuz he was excited. I'm like, "It's kind of like a pizza." Said, "Are you going to try it?" And he goes, "No." >> Cuz it's got asparagus on it. >> Oh. Oh, and yet he didn't like the the mustard, the honey mustard. >> Oh, >> yeah. He was like, "No, thank you." I was like, "Okay, well, thanks for helping me make it." Okay, so now this is going to go in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. All right, we're going to put this in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. And it says we can serve it hot right out of the oven, or we can wait for it to cool off and serve it at room temperature. But there it goes. >> All right, let me ask you guys this. So, Jackson got a new game for Easter. And while I was up trying to get Oliver down for his nap, he played for a little bit. And then when I came down, he's like, "Dad, I beat the game already." And I was like, >> "Is that that's like that's good. Like, you did good. Like, nice work, but like just bought that game." All right. >> It looks done. >> You're a little Yeah. >> Okay. Let me get it before it burns. >> The little asparagus guy just uh just beeped saying that it was done. Oh, yeah. That looks pretty tasty. Oh, there's a lot of liquid over here, so I got to be careful. >> Uhoh. >> That must be the butter from the onion. The onion had a lot of butter. >> Yeah. Let that soak back in. That'll be good. >> Oh man, this looks great. >> All right, I'm going to make this pasta. We got this from uh Sugar Boo the other day. They had this little bunny pasta. So, there's some shape. Let me see if you can see the shapes. See, there's like carrots. I think it's carrots and bunnies. Carrots and bunnies. So, I'm going to make this. My sister also brought some ravioli. Just in case they don't like the ravioli, I'm going to make this pasta. This I had a bite of this. This is so good. Oh my gosh. Delicious. It's like like savory, sweet, like tangy from the onion jam. The cheese is super like creamy. It's just so good. >> I just had a bite of this and I'm not an asparagus person at all. This is delicious. >> Did you drop an asparagus? >> No, I've been eating it. Did I drop it? >> I don't know. >> It probably went on my pants. Let me check my pants. >> So, the mustard that we used, we got it at a um a festival like a blue actually the blueberry festival, but the majority of the mustard was honey. It was very much more honey than mustard. And I think that also helped. It was just like it was just really good. >> We should if you like any of those things, you should try to make this. It was super easy, too. I made it in like 10 minutes. >> Cooked for 20 minutes. It took 30 minutes to make. >> Piece of cake. I didn't even do any of it. Yeah. >> Yeah. It looks so fancy, too. >> Yeah. >> All right. Did you already start? Oh, I need to go get the the garlic. >> So, I got the steaks going in the cast iron. Some butter underneath. Going to let these cook for about 5 minutes, maybe on each side. We'll see how it goes. Oh, there's our steaks. They're so buttery looking and so garlicky. >> I got the kids plate. They have the ravioli, some broccoli, and some strawberries. And then I also made this pasta just in case, which I don't think you guys got to see it all cooked, but this is the bunny. >> Let me see if I can find a bunny. Yes. So, this one's a bunny. >> No, >> you can see his ears and his teeth. Sorry, I just washed my hands. >> There it is. >> Let me see. And then I have my potatoes. >> Oh, yeah. We're going to put some cheese in there because of what's her name? >> Yeah, Courtney cooks the um asparagus tart. I didn't cook up the other asparagus. >> And then this small piece of cheese. >> This was a little uh stressful cooking moment, but let's dinner. >> You did great. I promise I got enough sleep last night. Just the lighting in here. >> Mhm. >> Got to try the cheesy cheesy potato. Give it a try. >> Pretty good. >> Is it? Last time we did this, we tried a different cheese. This one's the buttercase. >> It's supposed to taste pretty similar to the other one. Does it? >> This one doesn't. No, this one's a little bit more like creamier, milkier tasting. >> We just cleaned up. Look, all the dishes are clean. >> Yeah, >> I know. Does it look all the way clean? It is. It's clean. I'm going to get the like that was it cleaned up already. Okay. Yes. My sister went to the >> No, she made a homemade fresh from scratch. >> That's canoli dip. So, it's like the dip and the canoli shell. >> Try the canoli dip. >> So good. >> That's really good. It's >> so sweet. Wow. Try it. >> It's great because like if you know how to make canoli, you can make this. >> No, >> you just It's like less work. >> Chocolate chip. Can I have some more of the chocolate? >> No. No. Just try that first. >> Some more, please. >> Yeah. He says it's good. >> He said some more, PLEASE. >> ONE TURTLE SHOW ONE. >> One turtle show one. >> Okay. It's after dinner and we're all getting ready for bed >> and we're racing our Mario cars. >> Who won? >> That guy. >> That guy. >> So Oliver likes to come and sit down in his little chair and race his cars. >> Huh? >> Yeah. >> That was some Mario Kart fun. >> For some Mario Kart fun. But she still hit the ball right at Snorlax. It bounced off Snorlax's tummy and rolled across the field. Kiwi grabbed the ball, but Snorlax rolled on top of him. >> All right, the kids are all asleep. We got a little bit more cleaning done. For the most part, it was done, but there was just like a little bit I put away the Easter baskets. I put the candy where it goes. Uh, I did just like a few more dishes from what we did outside. I want to talk to you guys about cast iron cuz I fully support you cleaning your cast iron with soap and water. I know a lot of people don't like that, but I do it every time and I want to show you our cast iron cuz it's totally fine. So, this is it. This is our cast iron. After I've cleaned it with soap and water, then I heat it up on the burner on high until it starts to smoke. Once it starts to smoke, take it off, put some vegetable oil and like or a high smoke oil so it doesn't like cause a lot of smoke. And then I just rub it in and so that it as it cools, it absorbs the oil back into the cast iron. And there you go. Back to your non-stick surface. pretty much looks like it did when it came to us brand new. Like there are a few spots on it that have taken some wear. Uh I can't even tell where it's at right now, but there's one spot when I clean it, I can see it. It's like over here maybe that like the thickest part of the seasoning has been like worn down a little bit, but other than that, it's good to go. Eventually, I will have to like fully reseason it in the oven and everything like that, but like it's doing great. Look at it. And we've used this hundreds of times and I've cleaned it with soap and water every single time. One thing I won't do is put it in the dishwasher though. I don't know what it is about the dishwashing detergent, but it ruins pots and pans. So, if you have a non-stick pot and pan, never put it in the dishwasher. Always hand wash it. And if you can use natural fiber uh sponges like coconut husk or something like that, works way better. doesn't scratch through the nonstick coating and your pans will last longer. Our pans do get like a little bit of like a a browning to them sometimes. I'll show you one. Hold on. So, we got this one. This one's been used a whole bunch, too. Still looks brand new. This is from our place. You can see on the bottom it's starting to look a little bit worn from being on the uh on the stove top, but natural fibers, soap and water every time. And then we also have um this one. This is I think a green pan. Yeah, but it was one of those like stoneware ones. I use this every single day to make pancakes and just clean it soap and water with the natural fiber sponge. And you can see just the browning on the very bottom from it being used so many times. But the nonstick is still going great. No like real there's a couple of little nicks in it. Sometimes Jackson helps me move the butter around and that's what happens. But other than that, holding up pretty good. All right. Well, there you go. That was pan talk with Tim. Hope you guys enjoyed that learning all about my pans. >> It kind of sounds like you're saying pants. >> No, my pan. >> Yeah, pots and pans. >> Pots and pans. We have a local like kids artist has a song about pots and pans. >> Mhm. It's pretty good actually. It's about a like a jam band with pots and pans. >> Oh yeah. >> But Easter was a lot of fun. Um the kids open their Easter baskets. That was an exciting time. Of course, the Easter egg hunt. They put their money in their piggy banks and um we made some delicious food. We have a lot of leftovers, right? >> Which is awesome cuz we've got some dinners to, you know, we can eat it for dinner for the rest of the week. But um look forward to more park days coming up very soon. >> And thanks for letting us, you know, have our little fun home time. But we hope you guys had a great Easter or if you don't celebrate, we hope you had a great Sunday. >> Really enjoyed it. And all in all, a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
