---
video_id: RcxlCLzNE1Y
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Saying Goodbye To Dinosaur At Disney's Animal Kingdom! This Ride Is Extinct Forever."
published: 2026-02-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcxlCLzNE1Y
---
Good afternoon from the parking lot of Disney's Animal Kingdom. We are headed in today because it is the last day of Dinosaur. Our last day to ride Dinosaur here. They're shutting it down to make way for Tropical Americas and also a new Indiana Jones attraction. But it is not only the last day of Dinosaur, it is also the last day of Restaurantosaurus and a lot of other places around Dinosaur. They're going to shut it all down to really ramp up the construction of Tropical Americas. So, we're here today to number one, ride dinosaur one last time, and number two, get some food at Restaurantosaurus and just kind of like explore the area, hang out. It's also very cold today. It's like uh 38° outside right now, and it's only going to get colder as the sun goes down cuz it's like 3:30 right now, so we'll see. I did check the app before we left home, and the wait time currently about 250 minutes. So, we're going to go get in line right now and we'll wait. Let's go do it. Let's head in. All right. It doesn't seem like there's a ton of people here right now trying to get into Animal Kingdom, but I have a feeling once we get back to Dino Land, it's going to be packed. It really, really is a beautiful day here at Animal Kingdom. Not a cloud in the sky. It is just very cold. That's the only thing. And windy. Look at the the bamboo trees over here waving around in the wind. Just to give you guys some other weight times right now. Zootopia Better Zoo Gather is only 20 minutes. So we can see here Dinosaur 235 minutes. Everest is closed. Avatar is closed. What is even open? Uh Cali River Rapids is open for some reason. I don't know why anybody be riding that. Kilimanjaro Safari is only 15 minutes. That's not bad at all. Na'vi River Journey 50. Yeah. I can't believe that Kilimanjaro Surprise is only 15 minutes. I can't believe that Collie River Rapids is open today. It was literally 24 degrees this morning. All right, heading into Dino Land, USA. Making our way back towards Dinosaur. Before we head in there, from this angle, you can see they're are very vertical on this is going to be the Encanto ride, the Encanto dark ride right there. That's the building that you're seeing straight ahead of us. >> Wow. There it is. Dinosaur and Restronosaurus this way. Even got a sign out here says please keep to your arrow. But they anticipate so many people coming in and out of this area. All right, so we did put in an order for Restaurantosaurus, but Dino Bites Snacks is closed. I was hoping to get a little bit of ice cream, too, but you can see the menu is down and the shutters are pulled. We're just waiting for them to call our number for restaurantosaurus. I got probably the weirdest thing that I could see on their menu. It was chicken in a waffle cone. It's like a waffle bowl with just like fried chicken in it. That's it. So, we'll see what that's like. IR Smart. Uh, Disney, if you guys are selling this international, I probably wouldn't buy it. I'm not going to buy it, but it would be nice to have, wouldn't it? Restaurantosaurus, home of the Impossible Burger. All right, here we go. I hope that Tropical Americas has some really interesting, whimsical stuff like Dino Land USA does. It really is like a cool place here in Restaurantosaurus. Certainly will be missed. Yeah, I know that like Tropical Americas will be awesome. Like I'm very excited for Tropical Americas, but it is sad to lose the whimsy of Dino Land. Like it's pretty silly in here. Cans of salt. Oh no, the 75th annual Dino Institute holiday party never happened. Oh no, tomorrow is Hawaiian shirt day, but tomorrow will never come. They even have a picture of Walt on the wall. Happy dino day. >> I'm adding I'm adding the last >> Oh, happy last dino day. Oh, brother. It is sad cuz this is my last time. I'm sorry. I have to defend my plate from the birds. Get out of here. Be gone, dinosaurs. Uh, this is our last time eating on this porch. This is one of my favorite places to eat and try the restaurantosaurus food. And there it is. My chicken and waffle cone. I don't know what this is battered with, but it looks wild, doesn't it? And it's just in like an ice cream waffle bowl. There it is. So strange. All right, let's give this a try. The uh it's all stuck together. I feel like it's a sweet chicken or something. Like what is I don't know what is on this chicken. It is sweet. What is it? It's not crispy at all. It almost tastes like I can't even describe it. It's a sweet batter on the outside with like sweet sugar all over it. Sugary chicken. Eating some sugary chicken in Dino Land. I don't know. I don't know what that is, but it's kind of good. This is our last time eating this here in Dino Land. It's a sad. I'm glad that we got to try something weird and new for our last meal in Dino Land. We're going to eat this and we're going to go get in line right now at a 4-hour wait. It's 4:15 right now. We'll see how it goes. I just heard them make an announcement that Dinosaur is operating at a reduced capacity. >> Going to be a really long wait for us, isn't it? Chip and Dale coming through. Heading backstage. We're also losing Chip and Dale in their dinosaur outfits, which is another sad thought. Oh, there she is. Sue, >> we're going to miss you, Sue. Where do you think all the dinosaurs will end up? >> All like the dinosaur skeletons. Oh, this is the end of the line here. Oh, no. asked for a photo op there. Okay, let's see if I can find where the actual Lightning Lane starts here. Where's the actual line start is my biggest question. So, this is Lightning Lane. Oh, this is just just the standby entrance. You like go inside? This is a two and two 205 minute wait, which is less than it was when I first showed up to the park. >> How about that? It is exactly 4:30 and we are getting in line. This is 195 minutes. That's not terrible compared to what it has been before. So, let's go get that dino. Oh, man. >> We are back in the back in the extended queue. We've even got dogs in costumes. >> Right. I did it. I We found the dino. We We went and we got that dino. Right. Made it back around to where we started the video out in front of Dinosaur just by going through the line. But we are stopped in line right now. Just want to give you guys a fun fact about Dinosaur. It opened on April 22nd, 1998, closing today. Today is the last day, so I guess technically it closes tomorrow. So, it opened as Countdown to Extinction. And uh it was renamed in the year 2000 to Dinosaur in synergy with the movie Dinosaur that was released in theaters and it stuck there stayed that ever since. It's always been Dinosaur since the year 2000. For 26 years, 25 years it's been dinosaur. It is funny that it was only Countdown to Extinction for like the three years. Two years 98 to 2000. It wasn't that long. We got a little piece of merch from those two years. All right, it's about 5:00. We've been in line for about 30 minutes. We haven't really moved in a while, but we're back here by Restaurantosaurus. >> People are cheering for Donald. Oh. Oh, no. People are crying. Can't see Donald through the trees. Oh, and Daisy's back, too. Look at that. Oh, they're hugging back there. Look at that. How lovely. >> Bye, Donald and Daisy. They're just the dino. Donald and Daisy are leaving. The line is moving. Okay. Like it's not bad. We're moving forward every few minutes and we're making our way. All right, we've almost made it back up to where we got in line. We're almost inside and we've only been in line for an hour and 10 minutes. I'm going to miss you tiny fans. You had a good run. Somebody bring me to Cast Connection and I'm going to buy them when they pull them down. Just giving you guys a view of some of the art in the queue. This poor dinosaur. Big T-Rex. Big T-Rex head. They should save this, right? They should go into the archives. It is interesting that they like picked these little like mckets to put in the like in the as just art in the queue. There it is. About an hour and a half into our wait, we are headed into the building into the warmth. Special thanks to the following individuals and institutions for the gracious support of this exhibition. So like are these real people? Did they like donate these things or like help them procure these fossils? These I don't think these are real fossils. This little shrew. >> Where's that? Where's Where's he going to end up? Oh no. If there's anything that I ever wanted, it was the chickens of death model. The murder chicken. Here's a fun fact about this this whole pre-show narrated by Bill Nye the Science Guy. Some fossils here. They're just like rocks. Really? There it is. There's the big bad of this ride, the Carnotaurus. Another fun fact, at the time that this ride opened, these were the largest audio animatronics ever built. Not this one, but the ones in the ride. This is just bones. There he is. Bill Nye. You guys probably can't hear him, but he's narrating our pre-show right now. The free pre-show. >> There it is. >> Carnotaurus. >> The fastpass line non-existent anymore. flew through. The only meat eatating dinosaur with substantial horns. This was the only known from this single fossil. Heading into orientation room B. >> Oh man, we missed half the pre-show. >> Hello there. >> Got him. >> With a locator during an unauthorized field trip. Otherwise, I'd be traveling with you. Right now, our dino should be about here at the very end of the Cretaceous period. I've arrived, it seems, just in time to correct a little misstatement. >> Dr. Marsh, >> at all times. >> Flash photography, I wouldn't. It alters the homing signal, and that's not good. Oh, and one more thing. Those locked coordinates. >> We're in. Trust me, what could go wrong? >> People are really excited to be riding this ride today for some reason. I asked if it was anybody's first time on the ride. >> That was fun. People are like taking photos there on the way out where it says the Dino Institute welcomes you. Of course, I've said it before, but I'll say it again. The ride was originally sponsored by McDonald's. So, you do have ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise. The uh the the chemical names are written on these pipes, but you can see the colors are also representative of those condiments. Here's where you can really see those chemical names on the pipes. Another reference to Countdown to Extinction right there with CTX. CTX rover. A reference to Countdown to Extinction, the original name of the attraction. There it is down there. CTX WDI Animal Kingdom 98. All right, we're on. We're doing it. There's another view of that. CTX WDI Animal Kingdom 98. Reclaimed Time Flux magnetic coil exhaust flux duck. Can't read that yellow one. Dynamic time flow. >> What does the yellow one say? Excess void. >> Time travel commencing in tminus 10 seconds and counting. >> Oh no, I'm going to miss our taker. Listen up. We've got to get in, grab the uadon, and get out before that asteroid hit. >> Let's roll. >> We're doing it. >> There it is. We're in a toaster. >> Oh, there it goes. Okay, now let's go get that dino. >> Styraosaurus. >> Styracosaurus. >> Not our dino. >> Warning. Shower in range. >> Just little one. >> He finally gets a rest. He can finally get this dinosaur out of his mouth. >> Hadur. >> Hydrosaur. They're little babies. They're asleep. >> Time to get serious. Locking autopilot on homing signal now. Whoa. >> I'm tracking a big dyno on the scope. Could be ours. >> The light is full stop. >> Oh no. Don't stop. >> Identify. >> Uh. >> There we go. >> Definitely not our dino. Go, go, go. >> Another big guy coming up. Computer >> and identifying. >> Sorry. >> Still not our dino, but at least this one's a vegetarian. Whoa. Whoa. >> Last impact in 90 seconds. >> We got to move it. >> Pterodactyl >> incoming. >> Oh no. Look out. >> Asteroid impact in 60 seconds. >> We can't stop now. Keep going. >> Compos. >> Whoa. >> Computer. What's happening? >> Oh no. Lost some traction. >> Traction. >> Fourwheel drive. Move it. >> Oh no. He's coming after us. Ah. Warning. >> Evasive maneuver. Left, >> right, left, >> right. >> That was close. >> Was it? This one's even closer. >> No way. >> Carnotaurus. >> That's it. Abort mission. >> Abort. >> Abort. Abort. >> Oh, there he is. We can get him. >> Forget it. >> Forget it. >> Get him out now. >> Asteroid impact. >> Brace yourself. Oh no. Oh no. At some point my camera turned off from me moving it around. Oh, I got to ride it again. I have this button on the front of this new camera that starts it and stops it recording. And I have now disabled that because I accidentally hit it with my hand a lot. We're not going to do that anymore. So, I think I can ride this one more time cuz I don't know when the camera turned off. The Dino Institute welcomes you. So, there's like a little bit of a prologue to the ride here in the gift shop. If you look up at the screens, there's a dinosaur in the Dino Institute and Dr. Seeker is trying to find it before anybody else does. I don't know. There it is. A big mural that just says extinction as the ride is shutting down. I do have a bad habit of forgetting to mention what the actual weight was that I waited. Um, so it's 619 now and I got in line at 4:30 and I'm off the ride now. So, probably only like an hour and 35 minutes, maybe hour and 40 minutes. So, it is moving pretty good. It says it's an 85 minute wait now. Oo, it's been a while since I've been here at night to see the actual effect of the dinosaur sign, but there is a long line. They have a photo pass photographer out front and the line going back all the way to the signs out there. He's made some dinos out of the uh out of the fallen leaves. So yeah, you guys can kind of get a view of the end of the photo pass line's kind of right here. And the photo pass is way up there at the front. Before I head back into line, I'm going to head into restaurantosaurus. This is where the bathrooms are. And it seems like just kind of letting people hang out inside a restaurantosaurus. On the app, it said that this closed at 5:00, but it seems like they're still serving. Oh man. And we never made it to the road trip to the beach next week. Next weekend with Jenny. Also, Dr. Helen Marsh got her copy of Discovery. Hasn't been returned. Huge alligator head. Oh no. Last Dino Day with an asteroid and a little dinosaur. Oh, the loft up top. Oh, there Jim Morrison record up there. You know what's wild? I feel like I haven't ever been in this room. Been in this restaurant so many times. The hip joint is a great name for like a room. Imagine being in that hammock right now. Be so wonderful. And this is the Airstream over here. That was a phone. Long live Carnotaurus. Dryosaurus. Man, it's it is like such a cool place. Like all of Dino Lamb kind of feels like a like a Chili's little hidden a little hidden Donald up there. All right, it's time to try to go and get back on the ride. Goodbye to restaurantosaurus. Got another dinosaur there, too. We've got three dinosaurs. Ran into Nick. And Nick is the being so gracious as to let me ride with him on his uh return time. >> Yeah, we're excited. Can't wait for >> Yeah, it's one last ride. >> One last ride. >> Excited, but sad. >> It is sad. >> Sorry, I have a microphone on so nobody can hear anything you're saying. He said he's excited, but he's also sad. All right, back in. Heading through. Fastpass is going real quick. I might even be able to get out and ride one more time. Somebody made stickers. Back here with the carnotaurus. >> That's proprietary. >> Do you think that if somebody actually made a time travel device, they would take you back to where the dinosaurs are, or would they use it for something else? All right. Ride number two. I'm going to get uh get the whole ride this time on video. Ah, yes. The CTX WDI AK98. >> All right, here we go. >> This is doing it right this time. >> Listen up. We've got to get in on and get out before that asteroid hits. Let's roll. >> Let's roll. Ah. Oh, we get a better view of the toaster from back here. See, it'll really look like a toaster now. here. >> Wee. >> Okay, >> we made it. >> Let's go get that dino. >> What are you tracking? >> Styraosaurus. >> Styraosaurus. >> Not our dino. >> Like I said, some of the largest shower in range. >> This little one. >> Hydrasaur. >> Raptor. >> Oh, where is he? Time to get serious. Locking autopilot on homing signal now. Tracking a big dino on the scope. Could be ours. >> Maybe not. >> Computer. >> How big is it? >> Identify. >> Carnosaurus. >> Definitely not our dino. Go. Go. >> Computer. Slow and identify. >> Sorry. >> Still not our dino, but at least this one's a vegetarian. >> It burped on us. We >> asteroid impact in 90 seconds. >> We got to move it. >> Pterodactyl. >> Pterodactyl. Just kidding. >> Where is it? There it is. >> Asteroid in 60 seconds. >> We can't stop now. Keep going. >> We're going to keep going. >> Cops. >> Come. There it is. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. We're bouncing. He's in the woods back there. >> Fourwheel drive. Move it. >> Oh gosh. >> Evasive maneuver. >> Right. Left. Right. Left, right, >> okay, >> that was close. >> Why Why weren't we in four-wheel drive to begin with? >> No one carnotaurus. >> That's it. Abort mission. Abort. >> Oh, wait. No, it's right there. There it is. The iguanadon. >> Forget it. Why should we forget? We came here for this dinosaur. >> Asteroid impact. >> Race yourself. This is it. >> Oh dear. Oh, >> they're not going to make it. They're not going to make it. >> Oh, no. We made it. >> Mission accomplished. >> Oh, >> you made it. >> Thank you. >> I knew you would. You made it back with you. I better find it before. >> Oh my goodness. >> You're welcome. >> That was good. I wonder what's in this box. >> I like this guy that's like running away from the lightning bolt. Pretty big line of people waiting to buy the Hey, how's it going? Thank you to buy the photos from the ride. Feels so bad for this aliramis. All he's doing is choking on the darn lizard that he has in his mouth. And then Carnotaurus is here to bite him. Get out of here, Carnotaurus. Oh, these are fun. Little like dinosaur collectible figures. And then a remote control time rover. Full function. Oh, a little dinosaur turvvis. It's so tiny. Little toy dinosaurs. And I'll tell you what, these certainly are great dinos. This is their museum called They're authentic replicas of dinosaurs. How do you know, right? Like, we don't know what dinosaurs really look like. How do you know these are authentic replicas of dinosaurs? The last time that we'll see this drooling velociraptor fountain. It's not even on right now. Carnotaurus. See, there he is. All he's trying to do is just eat this alligator. What are people cheering about? Is it for the meet and greet? Maybe they're literally Everybody out here is just reciting the entire line or the entire ride. Oh, everybody was just reciting the the ride. Like a big group of people out here. Pretty wild. There's like a Dr. Seekers meet up over here. And I can't tell if this is the line now. I got to find the like end of the line sign. Hey Harry, you got something for my U-jints? >> Yeah, sure. What? We're back inside of a restaurantosaurus for a minute. We're going to go ride one more time. Oh, pair of boots up there that say 1987. I don't even know if I can get that to come into >> focus here. >> Too much. >> Is it going to go dark again? Why does it go dark every time I do that? >> But yeah, up there. All right, it's 7:50 and the line for standby is out here. Holy cow. So, the end of the line is kind of like right here and it kind of loops around all the way to get in. I don't know what the actual wait time is now. So, Nick made another return time. So, now we are headed back up to go through Fastpass. We'll definitely not be the last ones on this ride. I'm just telling you to keep up with the family party ahead of you. The wait time says 100 minutes right now, but I don't know if it is. Seems like it's much longer than that. So, I'm sure by the time we get back out after this ride, they will have cut off the uh standby line. And we'll see. We'll see the last people funneling in to ride Dinosaur. I don't even know if you guys can see, but it just jumped up to 150 minutes there. Hello. Uhoh. Going a little bit slower. Got a whole sweatshirt covered with dinosaurs. That's a big sea turtle. Boy, oh boy. All right, so the wait time sign has officially been shut off. It is now 8:22. The park closed at 8, but the line still pretty uh pretty darn long over here. Let's go see if we can find the end of it. Lots of wild cheering happening over here. What is it? There it is. The end of the line coming through. Last few people getting in. There you go. You can see the last of the line heading in. People are cheering for the last of the line. The last few people are officially getting into the stansions of the line. I feel like the uh the security guard here is going to be the last one to ride. It's pretty wild because like there are people arguing with security and stuff about who's in line and who wasn't in line. It's a it's the end of the ride. Like I know a lot of people want to be the last ones in line, but like >> I don't know. There was she officially no longer has to hold the end of line sign. Everybody is inside of the extended queue now and people are headed in for their very last ride. It is wildly different here than it was on Muppets because a lot of people got in in the last few minutes there and like nobody else is waiting outside here. There's kind of a a little bit of a crowd there, but at Muppets there was like 500 people waiting outside of this attraction. As we look in on the people going through, the last few people coming through, it should be noted that they are not there's nobody in the Fastpass line because the last Fastpass call time was for 8 or 7:55. And so you wouldn't be able to get on the last ride if you had a fastpass. Well, I guess somebody just went in through Fastpass. Maybe if you made uh if you made a Lightning Lane for 755 and then just waited. Is the line still happening? And they'll let you in after your lightning lane time. Could work. I wonder if somebody's trying to do I wonder if that's what this group is trying to do here. All right, you guys probably can't read it, but 8:45. I don't even know if you guys can see it, but it's 8:45 right now. And still got a lot of people coming through. Wonder when the last person will get through the doors. My biggest excitement that I'm having right now is the drama of like everything that's going on at the end of the night here. They just had security go over by the exit because they're having a lot of push back from guests at the exit doors. What is happening? I feel bad though because I know that people are like like a lot of people really enjoyed this ride. I enjoyed it, but also I don't I'm not not the kind of person that would like fight to be the last person to ride a ride, but I know that a lot of people are. So, each their own, I guess. Almost 9:00. People are still funneling into the ride. I don't see them, but I just started hearing the Epcot fireworks. Here comes the last few people >> coming through right now. Thank you. >> And to all of you guys out here, thank you all so much for your support. >> We could not be here without y'all. So again, from the bottom of our hearts here at Dino Land USA, get home safe, safe travels. Thank you for getting that dyno one last time and have a good night. We'll see y'all real soon next year. >> Oh yeah. >> Yay. >> There we go. Last few people going in right now. >> Bye. There it was. >> Close it down. >> And have a fantastic night. >> There it goes. There it was. It's officially done. No more guests into Dinosaur. So, the people coming off now are some of the last people to have ridden Dinosaur. Now it's starting to get like people coming off the ride are kind of like milling around out here. But this is I wonder when the last person will be off the ride. I am not going to wait for the last person to get off the ride though. I'm going to start making my way out. It is It's so cold for me. It's 34 degrees outside here. And I'm I'm bundled up. I should have had one more jacket. Probably would have been nice with one more jacket, but I need to get into the car and get warmed up. I got my hand warmers in here. And they're kind of burning my hands actually because they're so hot. All right. See you later, Restaurantosaurus. It was real fun. So, Restaurantosaurus is now closed, but because this was the only place to get like American food, burgers and hot dogs and stuff like that, they have started to refurbish Harambe Market for American food. And that is they moved up the opening date of it to February 5th. So, there still will be a place in Animal Kingdom to get burgers and hot dogs. So, this is not the last that we've seen of this type of menu. Next time we're in here, it'll be tropical Americas. Thank you. Have a good night. Oh, happy extinction day. Oh no. Walking through a fairly empty Animal Kingdom. You can see just a few of us after leaving Dino Land heading out of the park. Thank you for visiting Dino Land USA. You're welcome sign. You're welcome. Passing by Zootopia. Better zoo together. Passing by the tree of life over here, too. Not a lot of people left. Definitely interesting being in the park with so few people in it and seeing like this is the only time that you can really get a good photo with the tree of life without a lot of people behind you. Also, I got to say, how uh how do you guys do this? Like it's so cold out. How do you do it? Some animal over there. Sorry. But how do you do it? Like it is so cold to me. I am wearing so many clothes and I am still so freezing. What? How do you do it? I don't know if I said what the temperature was. It's 34 degrees outside. Actually, it's 30 33 degrees outside. So, for those of you guys that are using Celsius, it's one. It's one degree out. Uh it's so cold. But I know there are people that are like in much colder places than me and they're like they're doing it. But you got to wear so many clothes. How do you go anywhere? You know, like you go outside, you got thousands of layers on and then you go to the restaurant. On the way out, there were cast members handing out Animal Kingdom maps because in here is the last time that we will see Dinosaur listed on the map. So, we got one. Also, it's nice cuz they're handing them out rather than throwing them away. So, tomorrow there should not be Dino Land USA listed on the map when you open it up. Too windy out here for it. But today is there. So, there you have it. That was our trip out to Animal Kingdom to ride dinosaur for the very last time. Tomorrow it will be closed. And also, we got to eat at restaurantosaurus one last time. We got to eat those wild uh chicken tenders, which were good, but I could not describe the flavor of them. I just knew that they were sweet, but I couldn't give you like why they were sweet. And also, when I looked on like the menu, it just said chicken tenders. It didn't say that there was anything different about them than the regular chicken tenders, but they were definitely way different. It was great to be here for the closing of the attraction. Sad day because it was a good attraction. like it was nice to ride. But the good news is the Indiana Jones ride that's replacing it uh is the same. It's the same ride just with a different story and like new scenes and new animatronics and everything. So, I'm excited to see that. And I'm also really excited to see Tropical Americas. And we'll be coming back more and more to show you guys the updates of the construction, everything that's going on. But as for us, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
