---
video_id: 7cPNYAlZ6Bo
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our FIRST Royal Caribbean Cruise! Utopia Of The Seas, Owner's Suite Room Tour, 150 Central Park"
published: 2026-01-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cPNYAlZ6Bo
---
Good morning everybody. Today we are doing something we've never done before. We're going on a Royal Caribbean cruise. Wanted to say thank you to our friends at Be Our Guest Vacations for providing this for us and sponsoring these videos and helping us plan the cruise. That was like major cuz we've never done it before. We have no idea what we're doing. So, we let the pros kind of take the reigns and and they really know their stuff. Yeah. And if you guys are looking to do any sort of travel to Walt Disney World or anything like that, travel agent. Travel agent. Travel agent. I can't stress that enough. Yes, it's a free service. Don't even have to worry about it. So, we have cruised on every single Disney ship. As a matter of fact, we did every single Disney ship last year. We did. And so, we've done a lot of Disney cruises, but this is our first Royal Caribbean cruise. So, I'm interested to see what it's like, what the differences are, what the similarities are. And I can tell you right off the bat, there have already been, even before we stepped foot out the door, some differences. Like, for example, our luggage tags that we put on the on our luggage, they don't mail them to us. We print them out at home and they're just on regular paper. You staple them to your luggage. Mhm. And then the other thing is the muster drill is all in the app. The only thing that we have to do when we get to the ship is we have to go to our muster station and check in on the app and then that's it. We're done. Another thing that I thought was really cool and different from a Disney cruise is you can see the itinerary before you even cruise. Yeah. So it made it a lot easier to pack for. Well, you can see the schedule. I think that's Oh, sorry. The schedule. Yeah, the daily schedule. So, I knew when the um there's a day like they have like a white party night. They have a night where you just like the different dress codes and and these are all optional, but I love that you can kind of like plan ahead. I'm a girly who likes to look at the menu before we go to a restaurant. And so, this is kind of like that. Yeah. Like I could see everything for every single day before we even step foot on the ship. It's exciting. So, I loved it. Let's go get in the car and head out to Port Canaveral. And after about 40 minutes of travel, we have arrived at Port Canaveral. We're headed to Terminal 1 where the Utopia of the Seas is docked. And now, let's head into the parking garage. All right, we just pulled up to the garage in the port and we just dropped our luggage off. All right, we just dropped off our luggage just like you would on a Disney cruise. And you want to make sure that you tip your porter. And then now we're paying for parking. See how much it is. Is it? I wonder if it'll be different. 107. $107. Okay, so for this fournight, fiveday cruise, it's $107 to park our car here at the port. And um I must I think it's like a standard fee for parking though, cuz I think it's the same for the Disney ones. But yeah, now we're [laughter] There it is. The Utopia of the seas. Very, very big ship. or as Oliver calls it, the Zootopia of the Seas. The Zootopia of the Seas. It is a big big ship, isn't it? All right, so we're headed to try to find the terminal entrance. Here we go. Cruise terminal number one. All right, we're going up. Go up one big escalator right here. Oh, what does it say? The adrenaline is rising. You getting excited, Jackson? Yeah. Yeah, me too. It seems like it's going to be a good time. We just went through security. Now we're headed to check-in. All right, this is where we we're a little bit later. It's 2:00 in the afternoon, so most of the people are already on the ship. You can see this would be a waiting area for people to get onto the ship, but we're headed right aboard. So, we are in a suite on this cruise, and we would have been able to stay in this little sweet lounge with some extra padded chairs as opposed to these chairs over here. They're just kind of like hard chairs. We're getting ready to get on the ship. It is so big. Look at it. Holy macaroni. Holy cow. Utopia of the Seas. We're going aboard. I do like coming a little bit later in the afternoon. Yeah, sure. We miss time on the cruise ship, but like you don't have to worry about the hustle and bustle and like lines and everything. You just got to get in and go. This is wild, right? Look at how big it is. I know. This is such a massive ship. Almost. It's right there, buddy. We're so close. We just got to turn two two more corners. He keeps going. Am I on the ship? Are we on the ship? Do we do it? He's like, I think we're on it now. Now, as soon as you get onto the ship right there, then you'll be on it. There you go. You did it. You're on it. You did it, buddy. Congratulations. Wa! Let me go this way. We're on We're on the running track. Look, it's like it's set up so you can like run on it. Look at that. You guys can have a race around the cruise ship. Um, also, this is weird like how we're we didn't go immediately into the lobby. Yeah, we're outside the ship right now. We're like on one of on deck four here. But then I also heard that they don't say your name. No. A You want me to say your name? Yeah. Utopia of the Seas. Welcome aboard, Jen. Yay. [laughter] There it was. We did it. We're on board. We're officially on a Royal Caribbean cruise. Look at the stairs. Look at the stairs. Wow. That was the first thing he says. Look at the stairs. We're on deck five. I said we were on deck four. On deck six and we go get some food. Okay. All right. So, we'll do like a tour later in the video, but right now we're going to try to find food. It's interesting because this cruise ship smells like a new hotel. All right. So, we're going to head up to our room first and then we will come back and do a little bit of exploring. There's definitely a lot of like jams happening right now. Feels like we're inside of a not a cruise ship. We got into the elevator and it's telling us what the day is on the floor cuz when you're on a cruise, you never know. There's so much to see. I feel like a little bit overwhelmed right now, but we're near the the water slides and we're heading towards the front of the ship in order to get to the elevators to go up to our room which is on the 18th deck over there. I have a feeling we're going to be spending a lot of time here in this splash pad. There's even a little slide in this splash pad or a couple little slides. Sprinkles is where you get your soft serve ice cream. This is the first cruise ship in the line for Royal Caribbean that actually offers sprinkles with your ice cream here at Sprinkles. It's uh it's a loud boy out here, isn't it? Party mode on. So, here's something that's interesting. Instead of like just waiting for an elevator, you just select your deck here like we're going to 18. So, it tells us what elevator to wait for. And so, now that A is here, we just hop on A and head up to 18. Woo! Pretty far down. I don't even know if you guys can see how far down it is. All right. So, this is an owner suite on the Royal Caribbean Utopia of the Seas. Let's have a look around. So, we have probably one of my favorite parts about this is that there's a table in here. So, if we wanted to, we could bring food back to the room and sit here. We could order room service, sit at this table here, and just enjoy it. Also, something else that I like is that they included some beach towels in here. Normally, you would just check these out, which is fine. Like, it's free to check out beach towels, but this just makes it easier because we already have three checked out to us. And then this is a living room area. That is a pullout couch. So that's where the boys will be sleeping. Jackson and Oliver will share this. Another thing that I wanted to point out, I like this art, too. I kind of like that. I want that in my house, actually. We have a little uh like a little coffee bar area over here with a lot of different storage. Got a bottle of Evian water, little mini fridge down there, and then just more storage over here in every which direction. Oops, there's Jensen's. And then some more storage over here as well. Some hanging storage with some robes in it. So, a lot of storage here. We also have a thermostat and we can control all the lights from this panel here. We can close the blinds from here as well. So, just for this room, there's also another thermostat in the main bedroom. Another thing that's in this area here is the bathroom. There's just one bathroom for the entire room, but it's nice because it has dual sinks, a good size vanity mirror with storage behind the mirror, which I like because that'll keep the countertop clear. Then a shower or a tub here with a handheld wand that you can use. We're going to use this for the boys. And then a standup shower. And I was concerned about the size of this shower, but it's bigger than I thought it was cuz it kind of goes out over here. So if I stand in here, I'm a big guy. I'm 6'2. Uh right now, like 212, and it's not bad. Like this could go up a little bit higher, but it's kind of right on my head here. And I do have room to like shower in here, which is something I was a little bit concerned about uh when I've seen videos. So, I wanted to let you guys know. It's not bad. Let me see what the amenities are in here. We have peppermint shampoo and cilantro hair conditioner, as well as rum body wash. There's a little step stool there for you to put your foot up on to wash your legs. There's also a little bedet here, which is fun. and then a toilet. Same type of toilet as as on the other cruise ships that we've been on. So, let's head back out here and then turn and look in the main bedroom. We have a bed. I like that they did round off the corners here to make it a little bit easier for you to get around the room. Here, not too much going on there. You know, you've got regular plugs, like American style plugs, and then some USBs over here. And then on this side of the bed, you have European style plugs and some USBs. You have the curtain controls here. Let me look over here because this does pull out into a bed. So, I wanted to see if there was outlets here for the boys. And there is outlets kind of behind the table here. So, if you needed to, you could use the outlet back there if you were staying here and you need to charge your phone or something like that. But, there's no USBs down there. There's regular outlets. And then some more storage underneath the uh TV here. There's no storage. There is storage underneath the bed, but they uh they put like a skirt around it. So, sorry, they're getting the notification that it's time for me to do the mustard drill. And then you've got a pretty goodiz closet in here with a vanity and a mirror. I wonder if there's Oh, and the the mirror does light up. Let's see if we can get it to turn on. There you go. Nice lighted mirror there. Lots of storage in here. like a a lot of storage in here. There's a safe in this closet. Let's see what else we've got. This is where our Oh, yeah. Just some more hanging storage. There's another little bar here if you needed a second layer of hanging storage. Storage kind of everywhere like that. I like that. You can never have too much storage on a cruise ship. So, now let's have a look out on the balcony. And something that I like is that Oh, no. I thought there was a door here. I was gonna say I was excited to see that there was a door from the bedroom out to the balcony, but there's not. It's just a window. So, in order to get out to the balcony, we would have to at night we'd have to come out here where the boys are sleeping and go through the door out here. So, here it is. This is a really goodiz balcony. Another table out here. We could be enjoying our morning coffee out here. Little lounger chair and a regular chair. A view. We got the Disney Wish over there. And then our view of Kennedy Space Center. There was supposed to be a rocket launch this morning. I don't know if it happened or not. I'll have to look. So yeah, that's it. That is our owner's suite on the Royal Caribbean Utopia of the Seas. All right. So now I need to go down to my muster station and check in really quick and then we'll be good to go. We can The world is our palm tree. here. We can do whatever we want to on this cruise ship. Let's go check it out. Came into Wind Jammer real quick. They got some cupcakes set up for us. It says, "Welcome aboard Utopia of the Seas." There is so much to look at here. I wanted a chocolate bar. They're all out of chocolate bars. It's pretty pretty overwhelming the amount of food that there is to choose from. I don't even know where to start. This is where I'm going to be. The burger station [music] and the the hot dogs. Okay, so we're headed down to our mustard grill right now. And it's totally different than Disney's where you just kind of like scan in and you like take a picture of it or you do most of it on the app. Okay, so we're on deck six now trying to find our way around. They take photos of your eyeballs. That's interesting. So we're our thing is on six in the in the aft and we thought we could get there this way. We cannot. So we have to go back to the elevator and go down to five. So we go through all this and then go back up to six down there. This is interesting. This one's called Rising Tide and it'll go up to another level. So Oh my goodness. ski ball. This is my vibe right here. This is what I want. I want to spend most of my time out here. Oh my gosh. A duck vending machine. Like a gra a grabber. What do you call? Claw machine. There's a lot for sure. Oh, they're all Royal Caribbean branded. That's so funny. I know. Look, it's a shiny duck. I know. I see them. There's carousels and Johnny Rockets and a dry slide. Also, there's rooms facing to the inside. And there it is. Utopia of the Seas. We're underneath the zip line. And look, there's people ziplining above us. Oh my goodness. This is a huge dry slide at sea. So, you start up on that level and then you can come down and spin around this one. Getting ready to go on the carousel. Hi, buddy. Find me at the boardwalk dog house every day of this cruise getting hot dogs. I was looking at this beautiful stained glass stained mirror looking horse and then Jen pointed out the lady on the the gondola ride. So, when Molly and Ellen came on the ship, they pointed that out and I'm like, I need to find her. Yeah, there she is. This is a real picture. Where is this from? The boardwalk. Which boardwalk? The the board, you know, the one in Jersey. Sure. Okay. Could be. I got to admit, now that it's settled down, we are moving now. We're sailing away. It feels a lot better on this ship. It's a lot calmer. It's a lot quieter. It was it was anxiety to the max for a minute there for me. So, if you're somebody that has anxiety in an a new place with a lot of people in it, which like that's me. I have anxiety if I don't know where I'm going or I'm not familiar with my surroundings and there's people going every which direction. I don't handle that very well. But like that's why I do so good at Disney is because I'm very familiar with Disney and I'm very familiar with the Disney Cruise Line ships. So, I'm better on those uh or I'm better in that sort of a situation than I would be here where people are kind of going in every which direction. It's loud. The music is blaring. I was not having fun there for a minute, but I'm okay now. See, earlier there was a bar here and now it's up there. Isn't that interesting? You move up and down these like the the contraption that you that it uses is pretty intense looking, too. So, we're going out to Central Park right now. But one thing that I thought was really interesting, they got a bucket full of umbrellas over here cuz we are outside. It's kind of chilly, right? It is a little bit cold out here. There's Blair and Taylor Swift. We're going over to Chops to uh make a reservation for tonight. I think we did miss the Sailaway party, though. Also, uh we just noticed that the Rising Tide Bar is up here now. I was like, where? Oh, look, they're going down. See you guys later. Bye. We got our Cass bands. These are cool. I kind of like these. I like that it's a lot thinner than a Magic King. It was only $10 for a Disney band as they call it. Magic bands are $45. I think even $47 now. Yeah. 10 bucks. Let's do it. And you can bring it on any Royal Caribbean cruise for classes up from this. Oh, yeah. So, the newer ships. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we're going to head back to the room, but we have dinner booked for tonight. I'm very excited. All right. We are headed down to dinner right now. I did talk to um I think it was our room attendant, a crew member that was walking by. He was the assistant manager of something. Oh. And I asked him if there were bed rails available, and he said, "Let me check because I think they have a limited number of bed rails." Well, we brought some with us anyways, but I think they have a limited number. So, what do you think so far? They don't have uh diaper pales for the room, though. Oh, I know. That's okay. That's okay. We can figure that out. But yeah, the bathroom does have a small trash can that like kind of sort of closes, but we can figure it out. There's trash cans out here by the elevators. There's so much stuff that we haven't done yet because we used today to get like situated. So, we've booked all of our dining and we um figured out like the internet and all of that fun stuff, but so far um I I feel like I would need at least a 10day cruise to even like scratch the surface of this cruise ship. So many things. Who is this elephant and what is he doing? We're in Central Park again. I like this big like light tree sculpture here. Also got much quieter out here. Here we are. 1 150 Central Park. What are they watching up there? They're watching something on the TV. Looks like somebody jet skiing or something. This is the kids menu here. Jackson, look. Got the Empire State Building. Got Lady Liberty here. And this is Central Park that they're eating in. Have a look. I did ask if it was okay to have the kids here and they said it was. So, all right. So, we are at 150 Central Park. And this is a one of the premium dining options. So, this did cost extra. I just tried to pull it up to see how much extra it was. It's $70 per seat. I don't know if that changes with the kids. Let me look. Hold on. Okay. Don't put your hands in the ice. [laughter] $15 per child. 15. Okay, that's reasonable for kids. We just got the Parker house rolls with the truffle butter. What is that? That's a special bread. Do you want some? No. Whoa. So, it's The truffle is truffling. It's truffling. Yeah. Wow, that's very good. It's like salty, earthy, mushroomy, buttery. So, the kids got some grilled chicken. I started cutting it, so it doesn't look as beautiful as it once did. And the mashed potatoes. This is the potato puree. It looks so good. Some broccolini. Jackson got the butter noodles. Oh, yeah. Just noodles and butter. How do you like the chicken, Oliver? Is it good? It looks really good, actually. It does look good. Yeah, this looks like a delicious chicken. So, chicken wasn't actually on the menu, but they brought it over from Chops across the walkway, which we're going to eat at Chops, not tomorrow, but the next day. Yeah. And I'm excited cuz that menu looked really good, too. You know what though? I have to say already on this first day, the food is definitely better on [music] a Royal Caribbean cruise. Yeah. How? Like 100%. I like a restaurant where they say, "This is the beet salad." And you look at it, you say, [laughter] "What defines a salad?" Right here. So, this is like balls of goat cheese covered in herbs. These are the beets. I don't know what that is, but this is a beet crispy pushut. No, I don't know what this is out here. The ball. It's cheese. Wait, what did you And then some walnuts. This is the short rib for my appetizer. It's got creamy palenta on the bottom, heritage carrots, and crispy shallots on top. Oh, they're making the Caesar salad. Here's the Caesar salad. So, we do it fresh. Would you like to have? We have a garlic fruit ones. We do have a shave parmesan cheese as well. And how about uh extra anchovies? Well, this is my halibit with warm potato salad and a saffron holl sauce. That's mine. You want to try it? That looks good. This is the lobster to share. Is it? No, we're sharing. Oh, you guys are sharing the lobster for one. Gotcha. [laughter] Okay. So, I already showed you with that. I just wanted to talk about the fact that this is a three course menu. So, we got appetizers, we got an entree, and now we're going to get dessert after we finish our entree. But, she did say that if we wanted to try something to share, we could. So, my sister and I are sharing the lobster. So, there it is. There's my steak. Look at how perfect that looks. Oh my goodness. The Bernet sauce. There's a piano in that elevator over there. Am I hallucinating? [laughter] That was so strange. They just had like a piano inside the elevator. So, we just got back to the room so we can start setting up the bed for the boys. And I just want to point out this is how it folds out into a double bed here. You see these are the sheets that they have on it here. And so, we're going to have the boys kind of we have these inflatable bed rails that that one's kind of over far right now, but one will be sleeping over there and the other one will be sleeping out here. And so, this is it. This is the bed. It's just kind of like the the couch kind of unfolds into a bed. So, right next to our room, we just got to see a backstage look at the crew area. Backstage passes. That was cool. Oh, so people do have like magnets on their doors. I kind of wondered if that was just a Disney thing. No, just a cruise thing. Yeah. So, this is the uh the sweet deck out here. Life on deck. What's that? Yeah. Is that Oh, it's breezy. Oh, this is nice. Look at that. It's probably super like breezy for you guys, but like look at the the pool here and these little sun chairs here. This is so nice. Oh, there's the putt putt. It's big. Oh, yeah. Putt putt down there. Wow. Oh, it is so windy. Yeah, there's a sports courts. Oh, I love those little like beds back there. Let's go look. Oh, there's like a bar here, too. It's not open right now cuz it's late. It's 8 8:30 at night. Look at these day beds back here. some like little coffee tables. There's kind of a lot of seating out on this deck. I need to see what this is. Oh, USBs. Look at that. Underneath the bar. And we overlook the boardwalk down there. Wow. I want to do that slide. It looks like fun. My only goal on this cruise is to do the dry slide. Is to what? Do the dry slide. Oh, yeah. It's like right there. Yeah, it's that it's they called the abyss. It's that little like piranha looking guy right there. Or the angler fish. Yeah. Yeah. But this is Okay, I want to show you if you are going to be in a suite and you come on this deck, this is the lounger that you want. Oh yeah. Look at that. Cuz like it's not Although it's not much of a view right now. No, but like when you're actually out in the ocean during the day, this one is the one you want. This is the A+ premium lounger on the sweet deck. Yeah, cuz look, we're actually like out over the edge of the ship right now. I have to say too, I'm surprised that I don't feel the ocean more. Oh, there's another ship out there. What do you think it is, Steven? I can't wait to watch the Disney fireworks from this cruise, too. Oh, yeah. You think we'll like be able to see? Well, okay. So, we left on Monday. We come back on Friday. We got to chase the wish. Okay. So, we need to find the wish. Wherever the wish is. I'll look on the itinerary for the wish. Yeah, that cuz they should like they're going to be at Nassau tomorrow. Yeah. Then they'll be at at uh Castaway. I think we might possibly if we'll see it. So there you go. I also had to change into my like winter clothes cuz it's cold. Yeah, it's cold out here. Feels nice, but definitely need a sweater. This is This is great though. I like this little deck. And I like that they have like a little waiting pool. It's cool. Yeah. We're going to go check out the lounge right now, too. So, those of you guys that are used to us on the Disney ships, this is the sweet level, like the sweet neighborhood. And so, this would be comparable to concierge on a Disney ship. I also like that you don't have to check out the towels. So, on the other deck, like the regular um pool deck, you have to like check out towels with your room key. Yeah. But they just had them out. And if you don't return the towels, $25. Yeah. Also, like the art on this ship. Have you ever dreamed of laying on non-escript white and silver with a brick for a pillow? I also have to mention this ship I feel like moves way less than any other ship I've been on. So much so that I have not been able to get my bearings. And also we're not we never really see the ocean. So I haven't been able to get my bearings to realize that we're headed that way. So that's I thought this entire time we were headed that way. That's something that I find interesting. We need to go down one. Yeah, you got stairs. Stairs. Okay. Um, the restaurants don't look at the ocean. Like every Disney restaurant, you see the ocean in the windows or a lot of windows on a Disney ship. And this one, a lot of the restaurants are inward facing. Yeah. So, you don't see the water, which is weird. Yeah. This feels like a hotel more than a cruise ship. I don't I don't hate it, but it's different. Yeah. I'm excited for the coastal coastal kitchen is a restaurant that's exclusive to the suite level. The sweet neighborhood and also the sweet lounge. I don't actually know which one. What are these? They're just little windows into what? So, the deck out there. You could look out and see the lime and the coconut. Oh, one of the pools is still open. I guess it's not that late. I think that pool out there was still open. We could have gone swimming. What did you think about dinner? I thought the food was really good. Yeah, me too. It actually was um the service was great. I think the food quality was wonderful. Like I loved it. Yeah. I like that they did the tableside. They did a tableside martini, but neither of us drink, so we didn't do the martini, but it was like a basil mint almost like a mojito martini it sounded like. And then they did a tableside Caesar salad, which my sister ordered, and she said it was really good. But I loved everything about dinner. The only thing point that I have against them is that we started dinner at 5:45 and by 7:30 we weren't done yet. So, I had to take the kids because it was like a fancy dinner. I think it was um cuz actually our server did mention, she's like, "I'm so sorry. I feel bad that they had to leave." And I'm like, "It was just cuz it was bedtime and it was just better for us to get the kids to bed than for them to be like wild in this restaurant." And she goes, "It's just that we we have the tableside presentations cuz we are so passionate about the food and the preparation. So, if you're going to eat there, just know that it's like a longer meal and it is worth it. Yeah. And it's this is probably the pre I think they called it the premier restaurant on the ship. Yeah. And they said that uh it is a new restaurant for the Oasis class ships. She said you won't find it on every royal ship. Um so, if you're on one that has it, I think you should eat there. It was so good. Yeah. But now we're going to try to find the lounge. There it is. Tell you guys, if you guys come on a Royal Caribbean cruise, the signs are your friend on here. You ever wanted to sit in a field of purple at a table shaped like a plus sign with tea for one? [laughter] Yeah, actually. I'm just going to This is like my my new channel is decoding art on a Royal Caribbean cruise. So, this is both Coastal Kitchen and the Sweet Lounge here. Here is the menu for Coastal Kitchen tonight. We'll be back. So, the lounge is sort of attached to Coastal Kitchen, which is kind of right there. But this is it. This is the lounge. And we missed the times, but right now they have coffee and tea 24 hours. So, we can get the little like espressos and stuff like that. I might get me a little decaf espresso right now. A little decaf. I was successful in making a decaf latte, but I put it underneath the steamer first on accident. I know I've been kind of joking about the art in the hallways, but they really do have real art on the ship for sale. You just have to visit the the gallery cuz there's a whole art gallery on this ship. Kind of interested in this art like eyeball photography that they do. They have this everywhere. I want to do that one with you where they're like slamming together and the cosmos are coming out. All of us. Like I want to [music] see the kids eyeballs. Yeah. I don't know if these kids will hold their eyes still enough. Well, I just wonder how much it is. I don't think I can open my eyes wide enough to do it. I want to ask him how much. How much? Don't do it. Jen's sister is with us. We're going to go check out her room right now. It's on deck 12. Look at how long this hallway is. Such such a long straight hallway. Very long. Squirrel with a shopping cart. Oh, a squirrel. A squirrel with a shopping cart. I mean, I just don't think you can beat the Royal Caribbean art and they've got their art game unlocked. So, this is what an inside stateateroom looks like on Utopia of the Seas. Like, you've got the bed here, couch over there, there is a little vanity here, some storage here, there's a refrigerator in here or a beverage cooler in there, and then you got USBs and plugs over here. This is a closet, hanging storage. I do like that the little the little lamps next to the bed have plugs and everything and a little storage down there. And then this is also just another just more storage over here. There also a fulls size mirror here for you to check your fit. Let me show you guys the bathroom. It feels like the bathroom is going to be a lot smaller than it is, but the bathroom's pretty good size. Hello. And the shower feels I feel like the shower is bigger than the shower that we have in the room that we're in. Doesn't it look a little bit bigger? Oh, and they also have here's something that our room didn't have is a spot to hang up your bathing suit like this. One of these things. I haven't found one of those in our room yet. You can see uh hair and body wash. No conditioner in here. And then a bar soap out here. All right. So, now we're just going to do some like little tiny bit of exploring. Oh, wait. The bar over here is called the view. This is also the salarium right there. I think salarium is the adults only section. Still learning about this ship. View is pretty cool because during the day you would sit out here and then once again you'd be out over the edge of the ship. I'm just going to go into the salarium real quick just to see what this is. Oh yeah, adult area ahead. Okay, so yes, the adults only section. Did just notice they do have life vest available to use in the pool. And this is where you would check out your towels like little towel animals. So, it's easy to check out towels, but leave it behind. It's $25. Missed our chance for some soft serve tonight. There it is. Sprinkles. And there are the sprinkles over there. Just a little shaker of sprinkles for you to put on your soft serve ice cream. Looks like somebody's about to do the zip line. I'll let you guys know if it happens. They're watching Back to the Future down there. Holy cow. So that's at the high dive theater. Feel like these people just got on this cruise for the zipline. What are you talking about? I don't know if we're actually going to see anybody zipline. I think they might be just doing a training class right now. Is that the wind? That's the wind jammer. Yeah. Okay. Now, admittedly, I'm not very good at navigating this ship, but this is Casino Royale. I think we have to go through this to get to the uh to the ice show. Oh, the art gallery. We found it. Look at that. Oo, they have like art dealer desks. I like how I thought this was cars because right above it is like Disney stuff. We have to go through the non-smoking uh casino as well. This is all reserved seating that's in here right now. It's way busier than I thought it was going to be. They just made what was probably been my favorite announcement I've ever heard in my life. They said, you know, no flash photography, turn down the brightness on your screen. Unattended children are not [music] permitted in the first three rows. Any other rows totally fine, not the first three rows. So this show is called Utopia with a yo u instead of a u the letter [music] [music] [music] perfection. She is so [music] you came home. [music] They always want to come but they never want to leave. [music] I [music] said swim [music] [cheering] [applause] [music] with me. There's a guy out there without any skates. What happened to your skates? Was that allowed? Let me see what spring is like on. In other words, [cheering] hold my hand. [applause] [cheering] I don't know Mr. Fantastic was on this cruise. Sorry, Mr. Fantasy. I'm sorry. I'm I'm not really up with the common pop culture. [music] [music] [music] If you guys ever wanted to know what Jen and I looked like dancing in the '9s, this was it. [music] [music] like this on ice. [cheering] You know, Jen, after watching that ice skating show, it reminds me of my favorite Kurt Browning quote. Sometimes my SCA allows me to do I never dreamed Po. I love that quote. I'm going to get it tattooed on my back. Oh, here's the the train restaurant, Utopia Station. It's closed right now. Oh, but it has one of those like board things that does the clicketity clacks noises. I don't know if it just did it when that's why like the noise drew me in. Do it again. There it goes. Yeah. World's biggest weekend. Utopia of the Seas. Wow. What What's the What do you eat on a train? Um railroad ties and gears. Steam people. There's people in there. There people in there. I can hear them. What are they doing? eating rail railroad ties. And [laughter] the train coming out of the moon came out onto the running track and it's very confusing cuz it's like start here and then it's one mile. No, it's 2.4 laps. Miles is 12 laps. Yeah. So, it's one mile is 2. Okay. Yeah. So, if you go one 2 4 then you're at one mile. I don't think they should have put these markers here. No, this makes no sense. I was like, "Wow, this is a big I was like, "Wow, look at me. I've been running miles this whole time." Pulled up the tracking app and we noticed that we're sailing next to the Disney Wish out there. There it is. Hi, Disney Wish. Came down here to the Prominade. There's uh Stay Puff Marshmallow Man everywhere. And we came to Cafe Prominade. We got some little desserty desserts. We got chocolate cake. I got chocolate cake, carrot cake, granola bite, and lemon sugar-free cookie. And I got a lot of dessert stuff. Oh, dense. Oh my gosh. Oh, that's weird. Oh, like a very very thick cake. Oh, I thought it was going to be more like juicy. They do have some of the free options here right now. Iced tea, apple juice, lemonade, and orange juice. And they also have coffee here. So, it's coffee, half and half, home milk, hot water, and decaf coffee here. These are all included or free. You don't have to pay anything extra for these. Took me a second to find the DJ, but I found him. He's up there. just above the big uh pear. What is that? I don't know. It's two things. There's seashells. Okay. All right. It's like a big seashell. I like that they have an entire venue devoted to karaoke. Like a permanent karaoke location. And there is a traditional Starbucks here. I wonder if the prices are the same. I don't know if I know anything about the prices of Starbucks, but there they are. I do know that I can get a chocolate chip cookie here. I want to go inside the shop and see what they have for sale. Yeah, we didn't go in the shop because it looked closed. I think they're all closing. The perfume shop is closed. Okay, we'll come back tomorrow. Oh, we're trying to do like a like a line dance. Trying to get it going. I like it. We're passing by the uh the shop here. And like on a lot of the cruise ships or the cruise ships that we've been on, they have a designer bag reseller here. This one's called Fashion File is the name of the company that this is selling here. And they've got Birkens and stuff back there. and Louis Vuitton's and Gucci. We got two minutes until the one hit wonder street party. What do you think the very first one hit wonder they're going to play is? That's a good question. That's like a hard thing. Name a one hit wonder. Is this a one hit wonder? I didn't think that that was going to be the very first one that they played. Oh, wait. It's a remix. Oh my god, it's my song. My song. The guy up on the stage now. Oh, he's a cruise director. Oh, there's a big entertainment staff right there. Look at them. There's a lot of them. [music] [music] The Quad City DJs. They don't do the Tootsie Roll. Who Who sings the Tootsie Roll? The 69 boys. The 69 boys. How can I confuse the Quad City DJs with the 69 boys? I don't know. I do have to say I enjoy the fact that on the decks are these little like cutouts of the ship telling you which way the ship is facing. So we are headed in that direction right now that's towards the front of the ship. This is towards the after of the ship and this kind of tells you what's on this floor and if you're looking for anything what's on each floor like the big things on each floor. On our way back to our room we are passing by main dining. Oh I just realized too. So, the only night that we'll be eating in Maine dining is our fourth night. So, we'll have to figure that part out. But, tonight was a lot of fun. That's not necessarily like my scene. It's a little bit too loud and like people were, you know, drunk and stuff, but it was cool to see. It was fun to see. So, we also shut down. We're out later than the stores are closed. Oh, yeah. We shut it down kind of. Can't buy any Royal Caribbean merch anymore. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow's a new day after we leave Nassau. Oh, it's true. Yeah. Still Monday. I keep wanting to push another 30 minutes. Oh, yeah. I want to watch it change. Maybe not tonight. Maybe tomorrow. But I keep wanting to push buttons and you don't have to. It knows where you're going. I got to be honest. I don't think it's automatic. I think somebody just comes in here and changes it. Oh, do you think? I think so. You'll have to stay up one night and watch. [laughter] All right. So, there you have it. That was day one for us on Royal Caribbean's Utopia of the Seas. So far, I like it. I like that there's so much to do. I like that there is uh like new stuff that we haven't seen yet that we're going to do some more exploring tomorrow. I also like that you can't really like feel what's happening. I do miss seeing the ocean. It doesn't feel I think yes, I agree. I miss seeing the ocean. It doesn't feel like we're even on a cruise. It feels like we're in some like wild fever dream hotel. But we do have a room with a beautiful like balcony. So tomorrow hopefully we can spend more time on the balcony. But uh yeah, this is so different from Disney. I don't think you can even compare the two. No, they're they're like wildly different. Wildly different. But it is a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. It's it's obviously way out of our comfort zone as far as cruises we've done before, but um there's so much to do. I think that if I were to compare the two, Disney versus Royal Caribbean, I think Royal Caribbean is cruising for people that are not necessarily like water people, you know what I mean? Like ocean. Like for me, when I go on a cruise, I'm excited to see the ocean. Yeah. Here on this, we haven't The only time that I saw the actual ocean today was when we were in our room on our balcony just before dinner. The only other time I saw the ocean was after like at night when we went on the sweet the sweet deck. Sweet the sweet deck with Zach and Cody. So, I don't know. I feel like if you're somebody that really enjoys the ocean and the waves and like being on an actual cruise. I also I wouldn't call this relaxing, right? So, if you want to like not relax, slow down. [laughter] Yeah. This is Oh, the other way. Yeah. Yeah. Go fast. Yeah. Then I think this would be your like the route you should go. But also, it's only day one. That's true. So, we might change our tune tomorrow. Stay tuned. Stay tuned to hear our tune. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price.
