---
video_id: 0ShBu0RPl1A
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Last Day On Royal Caribbean's Utopia Of The Seas! | Day At Sea, So Much Food & Full Cost Breakdown"
published: 2026-01-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ShBu0RPl1A
---
Good morning from our day at sea on the Utopia of the seas. We are headed to Johnny Rockets this morning. I want to say thank you to Be Our Guest Vacation for providing this vacation for us. So far, it's been fantastic. Everything they planned has been perfect. We're headed to Johnny Rockets for breakfast because it's a little known fact Johnny Rockets does breakfast. So, we got a request to come and eat at Johnny Rockets for breakfast on our day at sea. So, here we are at Johnny Rockets on the boardwalk. Also, just noticed there's a kids shop. We need to come and check this out tonight. All right, here's a look at the menu. Cheesy bacon lovers. Yeah, that's what I want. I might just get a breakfast sandwich. Breakfast BLTE. Oh, they do have premium specials as well. Little upcharge. A maple bacon milkshake. Okay. And you can get sides, too. So, Oliver is getting some pancakes and some bacon. All right. Thank you. Jackson got the breakfast sandwich. Hey, here's the bun. This is the um loaded potatoes. I thought this would be more more loaded. More than what it is. I want to try some. It looks I think it looks good. Yeah. And then it's called tomato butter. This is the BLTE. Very similar to the breakfast sandwich. Oh, this is the veggie lover egg scramble. French toast. Oh, French toast looks pretty good. So, we just finished breakfast at Johnny Rockets. It was really good. I like the breakfast. It was nice because it wasn't like a ton of food. Well, and the BLT. So, we got the BLT sandwich. I liked it. Yeah. Wait, was it the BLT? Yeah. Yeah. Belt B E L T. That's what it was. Yeah. But it was it was really good. It was The potatoes were good. I think that's if you don't want to be tempted to eat to grab more food than you need, I think this is a good option. I will say there was about a 20minut wait for a table this morning. We also had a big group though. And it was also a day at sea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, you can get breakfast there any day of the cruise. But because it was a day at sea, we had to wait a little bit. All right. Let's have a look in the kids shop. It's open now. Also, the dry slide just started to open. So, we're going to go down that in a minute. Oh, it's not like an excessively big shop. It's just this one room. You can kind of see everything that there is as we pan around. New to the crew. They made this an adult shirts cuz I'm also new to the car. We didn't even check to see if they Maybe they do like a first time. Yeah, but it's a onesie. Well, I mean, but like for me. No, I mean, yeah, you It's a adult onesie. Who's this bear? He's the captain. Oh, a bear is driving the ship. Yeah. Does he have a name? Um, Barry. Captain Barry. Captain Barry. Let's think of a more a more unique name for him. Um, Captain Kodiak. Oh. Oh. A long sleeve shirt. You show the seas. I do like it. It fits you perfect. So, you know what I still haven't found? And maybe it was in the original shop. Like, we found the one with the the like liquor and the cigarettes and then we found the other one that was like the regular gift shop, but I don't remember seeing in any of those like tampons. It was. Was it in there? Yeah. Yeah, we walked by it. Um, we we can actually we should walk by it right now. And diapers. It's not on this floor. It's on the one up. It's on I think it's down cuz there's nothing above us. Yeah, it's What's that floor? Oh, yeah. I don't know. Let's go look. So, so the ship is so big. We've been on the ship. This will be our third day. We're still not exactly sure where we are, right? I know. I'm on the boardwalk. Yeah. Now, yeah. Yeah. Where was the gift shop? It was in the prominade on five and I think we're on eight right now. Oh, yeah. It is down. Jackson's just ski balling up over here. Whoa. Almost got 10,000. He's doing so good. Oh, that one came back. When he first started playing ski ball, he didn't know how to do it. Now he does. He's good at it. Wow. We are getting ready to go down the abyss. So, we just talked to some of you guys and your kids went down it, so I think I'll be okay. You'll be fine, right? Yeah. Not Not every day you get to go into the abyss. That's true. I'm going to go straight into the angler fish's mouth and come out his I don't know. This is the dry slide that goes down from the 16th floor to us here on the eighth floor. Now, you also we did find out that I hope we're on the eighth floor. I think we're on the eighth floor. We're on eighth floor. Yeah, we're in the We're in the boardwalk. But we did find out that you cuz I thought you had to have closed towed shoes. I wasn't sure. You just have to have shoes. Yeah. So, doesn't have to be closed towed. the Flow Rider. Well, this guy's doing pretty good. Wow. Oh, I got another guy just like hopped right on. People have been Oh. Oh. OH, HE'S DOING OH, MAN. Here we go. Yeah, there's the aqua theater down there. Here we go. [music] Oh. Whoa. Sweet. Oh, rollers. Oh, it speeds you up on the rollers. Whoa. So bumpy. [music] Oh yeah. It's kind of slow. Ow. I hit my head. Here I come. Yeah. Yeah. What did you think? Um, I was scared. Yeah. So that the people before us told me there was like a false exit. Did you see that light? Yeah. So that scared me. It's right there. Yeah. So that scared me. But also um the part where you're going that part right there where you're going kind of straighter down. Yeah. That was scary. Oh, I was like, "Oh my gosh." Oh my. Maybe I I was going very slow on mine. I feel like you should have been wearing the camera. Maybe. Yeah. I was like, "Oh, did you speed up on the rollers?" I went It felt like it was pushing me forward. Um I don't I don't I feel like I blacked out. Oh, I was like so nervous the whole time. I don't really remember. I felt like the rollers made me go faster. Like it pushed me. I think we could see each other in that part. It But I went after you had to It took me a minute to get going. Me too. But like I had to like push myself. It was fun though. I would do it again now that I've done it. I would do it again. Yeah. Jackson, I don't think would have liked that. No, he would have liked it if I could have ridden it with him. Yeah. If it was like a tandem thing. Yeah. Yeah. I will say though, our plan today was to like get in the water, but now after being up on that up upper deck where the water is, I don't think we're going to get the water. It's cold today. It's uh it's like windy and cold. So, that was something that I thought was interesting about like we're talking about differences between Disney and Royal Caribbean. Disney on their sea day stays below Grand Bahama. We're out here by Miami right now. So, we're in more kind of open ocean. It's a little bit rockier. Like we're not feeling anything on this ship because the ship's so big, but there's more wind out here for sure. So, there's a lot of wind. So, I don't think we'll be able to do the zipline today because it's so windy. And I don't think we'll be able to do the the like uh the water stuff today cuz it's so cold. We've got a cupcake de cupcakes decorating class in an hour or so. So, we still have lots of stuff that we're going to do today, but I don't know if we'll get in the water today. Just kidding. It looks like people are doing the zipline. Let's see. Somebody's probably going to be heading across in just a second cuz they just sent out the break. Starting to cook up the dogs. Oh, buddy. I'm going to end up with a dog in me tonight, aren't I? What time do they open? Uh, Thursday 11. Just 5 minutes. So, we came into the prominade. It's got red, white, and blue lights here. There's an American flag. All kinds of red, white, and blue lights everywhere. They're playing like Fourth of July music. I don't even know how to explain it, but like celebratory Fourth of July style music. What is happening? They also have some art on display here. Some of it is patriotic. Others are simply just, you know, beach scenes with a big glass of wine and then some grapes also drinking their blood, I guess. So, I was looking for the essentials. And here next to tobacco is the essentials. Inside, what was this? Was like the This is like where you get like liquor and cigarettes. Yeah, but they also sell all of your these things. All of your these things, you know. Oh, see if you forgot your contact. A toothbrush. They have better toothbrushes on here than they do on a Disney. They even have this stuff. This is what I use. Yeah. Wow. If you forgot uh tampons and pads, swim pans. I don't see any diapers. Oh, even a liquid IV. You know what I did read in the elevator or actually sorry, in the bathroom is they have um they'll give you swim diapers. Oh, yeah. Like you you if you forgot them, they have them for you for free. Oh, why are we buying these? Oh, maybe they're not free. Oh, but it said that you could get it from any um towel person like the people at the bathroom diaper, you know, table. Yeah, but where are the actual just diaper diapers? You don't need those. Oh, you know, I feel like I saw them in the kid shop. Yeah, that makes sense, actually. Still a weird thing is like you can't get uh Maybe you can get a brush. Remember that time I forgot my hairbrush on the cruise? Oh, they still have one left. If you uh forgot your trick-or- treat candy, you could come in here and get a sharing assortment or a very large bag of peanut M&M's. You know what I always wondered? And maybe you guys can answer this for me. Somebody spent a lot of time restoring this old Pontiac, right? 1948 Pontiac. Perfect condition on the inside. Beautiful steering wheel. Like everything about it, full console, everything is perfect. Like it's like it's original here. And they spend so much like love and care in restoring it and then a cruise ship buys it and just sticks it in the middle of their prominade and [music] like do you think they're happy about that or you think they're like oh man I wish somebody had like gotten it in order to like really enjoy it. Oh I guess not. I guess they just bought it from this like place here. Oh, here they come. The officers are coming down in the rising tide bar. I think that's the cruise director. I don't I haven't gotten like a view of him from the front. There he is. Captain Angel. We sincerely thank you for your service and sacrifice for all you have done, what you continue to do, and all that you will do. [music] [music] You can start to see some of the uh the movement in the water and how like rough the sea is out here because the wind and it just looks cold out there, doesn't it? Yeah. Okay. Yep. Just like that. Like this. Oliver, see me? Look up at me. Put them behind your head like this. There you go. That's relaxing. All right. So, we had to go come get our sweaters on cuz it's getting colder by the minute. And we are headed to our cupcake decorating class at Sugar Beach. We're still trying to figure out lunch for today because I thought we were going to spend all day by the pool. But because it's so cold, I think we're we're going to look at the pool, but we might not get in the pool. I'm glad we got to do the dry slide, though. Yeah. So, let's I don't know. What should we do for lunch? Leave it in the comments. Let's see if we do what you said. We'll do it after the cupcakes for sure. We're going to get hot dogs. Oh, yeah. Hot dogs. We just found a duck and Jackson wants to hide it. No, we don't. Actually, there's too many people. Too many people. That's the idea of hiding [clears throat] it. Are we going to They're playing categories. Is that us? Oh, Windy coming out here. Oh, there's the piano guy. He was in the elevator with us. There he is. He's doing balloon animals. Oh, is a man of many talents. So, right now is the family fun festival out here on the boardwalk. So, people there's cupcakes, the balloon animals, the piano guy, there's popcorn, there's hot dogs, people are getting hot dogs. It's fun. Oh, here's the It's like an emoji cake. Look at that. A chocolate fountain. Look at that. Heck yeah. But we're going to Sugar Beach for our culinary class, our cupcake decorating class. And you can see they've got it all set up for us to do some cupcake decorating. In here, you can get hard pack ice cream with the different uh different toppings on it. Reese's peanut butter bar. A fiveB gummy bear candy by the bulk. What am I looking at? Oh, they're little like baby bottles. Look at Super Nintendo controller. Ooh, chocolate covered peanuts. Chocolate covered raisins are my like low key. If you give me chocolate covered raisins, they'll be gone in like 5 minutes. All right, we're at the cupcake decorating class. We've got to get our chef's hat on. It looks like you're ready to uh do some Stranger Things. Jackson's wearing his hat. Everybody's good to go. Okay. Purple fond. We will use this to create the lily bag. Oh, it's a frog. Do you have any guess? We're going to make a frog. Good job. We're going to make a frog on top of our top of our cupcakes. Okay. We take the white fondant. We're making it into two. That's right. Pieces. Good job, buddy. Did we lose some of our fondant? Good job. Do the other one. Good job. Also, the other one. Let me see yours. Oh, yeah. Good job. That's right. Good job. You're doing a great job. Now, nice work, buddy. The other one. Sit again. We need to make the tongue with the smile. You'll make it with yours. I was too into the class. I haven't been filming. We've been making making little frog. Um, I think this is where the eyes are going to go. Oh, yeah. Right. I thought this might be Maybe it's like the little leggies, maybe. You never know. We'll see. We'll see who's right. So far, we've made two eyes and a tongue. Oliver's decided to take this class into his own hands. What did you draw, Oliver? Wa! Hold up. He's pulling it all apart now. Don't Don't That's good. Just like that, buddy. You're all done. Show me you putting your icing on your cupcake. I just Can you put another No. No. No. No. There you go. You're doing good, buddy. You're doing good. All right. Can you guys tell that it's a frog? Put it right on top there. Okay. Every step he says, "Can I eat it?" A frog. Wow. Wa! Look at that. And at the back of this, Ricky. Whoa. That was a thing. How is it, Jackson? Can you say cheese? Does it taste better because you made it, Oliver? M does [music] taste better because I made it. So, this class was $39.99 for adults or $34.99 for kids. And you get to eat your cupcake. My eyeball keeps falling off my frog. Time for me to eat them. Anyways, you ready for your nap now, Oliver? Yeah. [laughter] We walked out into the party. So, the original plan right now is to go up and get tacos because we wanted tacos, but I think the deck is closed because of the wind. Got all kinds of stuff. We got lemonade out here. We got popcorn out here. Oh, the popcorn cost $3, but other stuff's included. Like the lemonade is free. They have face painting right now. And look at the line for the face painting all the way back. I think I would only get my face painted if they could paint it like this. So, instead of tacos, we're going to wind Jammer for lunch. And I like that she's here encouraging us to wash our hands by wearing a washiashi uh like sash. I do have to admit, when I think about a cruise buffet, this is what I picture. Right. Like ridiculous display. They got like a salad setup here. A feta salad. Cucumber and feta. I love that. Breaded chicken, lamb, nverine, gravy, and melted butter. What? Just like a thing of melted butter. My goodness. Pork ribs. A whole turkey carving station. They've got a roast beef strip loin. And then what's that other one? A roasted lamb of leg of lamb. Biyaki. Byak. Koolie Bak. I don't know what that is. All right. I just got a uh like a hamburger, some chicken tenders, some French fries, a Waldorf salad. Here's Jen's lunch. You always get like way more interesting stuff than I do. It looks like you got couscous, fish, macaroni and cheese, pasta, mushrooms, cucumber salad, cucumber, and feta. I just wanted to try uh a little bit of everything. And then I got some cheese and crud. Cheese and crud. All right, Jen's going to try her coconut ranger. I've never heard of this cookie before. I didn't I've never heard of a coconut ranger cookie. It's very crispy looking. It tastes like there's a Girl Scout cookies. This tastes like one of the Girl Scout cookies. I don't know which one. Yeah, I can eat a couple of these. I mean, it's pretty good. Coconut. Coconut gives it the sweetness. Very chewy, but there's not much else to it, you know. Where do you get coconut Ranger cookies normally? I have a cookie. Oh, yeah. Is it good? Yeah. Okay. I came out to the main pool decks just to have a look at the pools and everything that I haven't had a chance to look at while we were here. It is freezing cold right now. So, we're definitely not going to get in. I'm wearing a sweater. There's like a hot tub over here. Oh, we're looking over top of Central Park down here. This is cool. A little like splash pad over here and all the water slides up here. There's three different water slides. I wish that it wasn't going to be cold today, but I'm sure you guys can hear the wind really is blowing. So, it's just too cold to get on any of these. We're going to try to do the zip line, but it's so windy. I don't know if it's going to be running. There's a hot tub right here, too. It's kind of cool because it's got like a glass face to it. You can look out. Showing just like uh surfing GoPro footage from the right now, but you can kind of get an idea of the rest of the pools around here as well. I think I am on one level to get to the zip line. Maybe the zipline is still happening even though it's real windy out today. So, we are going to do it. Starting to rain right now, too. There's an adult an adult dodgeball tournament happening right now. Oh, social 100. This is exclusively creative at work. So, those games that you just saw Jen and Jackson playing are in Playmakers the sports bar and those are all free. There's like old vintage Yeah, there's four vintage uh arcade games. Also, Oliver's asleep right now and apparently uh Main Dining called and the phone rang and I think woke him up a little bit because they were saying, "We noticed that you haven't been to our restaurant this entire cruise." I said, "Don't have as many restaurants then. What the heck?" We're stopping in Sarrentos really quick for Jackson to get some pizza. I haven't been in here at all. I haven't seen this. Gluten-free pizza is available upon request. You just kind of show up and just say, "I'd like this these slices of pizza." Wonder what they're doing with that one underneath the faucet over there. It's not burnt. Uh-oh. I'll have that. Oh, it's called the carnivore. It's got ham and pepperoni on it and some bacon. It looks like too. They got pepperoni and cheese as well. Here's my question. So, every water filler water thing that I've seen has a sign that says don't fill up your water bottles here. Where do you fill them up? Maybe at the Coke Freestyle machines. I would just take a cup of water and then fill up your water bottle. That makes sense. Oh, is this is this the utopia of the seas? Is the clearance? Yeah. End of cruise clearance. Ooh. Anything look interesting to you guys? I do kind of want this one. If you're happy and you know it, wash your hands. This will show you how windy it is out right now. Look at this water just whipping around everywhere. But this is the kids splash pad area. And this is the water slides up here. Buy Sprinkles to get some ice cream. Oh, look at them. They're loading it up for you. No, not really. I want Oh, all right. I'll have it. The amount of wasted sprinkles is amazing. I think I got too much sprinkles. You got too much sprinkles? Oh no. Who lives in this tiny door? The ice cream king. Who? Oh no. That's the wrong cruise. It's been kind of like a maze to get out to the zipline because all the stairs are closed because it's too windy. But we're making it. We found found a way. They're strapping down the chairs. Got to make sure they don't fly away. All right, here we go. It's zipline time. Oh, and there's basically no line. Is it closed? Let me go ask. Well, it looks like we missed our chance for the zipline. Now they're on standby because of high wind. So, you know what that means? What? We didn't miss our chance for the Oh, the world's sexiest man competition down there. Sorry, Jen. I can't answer that. It was uh it was cancelled due to high winds. So, yeah, high wind. They canceled it. Sorry. [music] Can't do it. We came down to a rising tide bar and we're inside of it here and we can ride it down if we want to. Oh, he's he's closing up the doors. So, we're getting ready to start moving down here in just a minute. Look at how slowly we're moving. Can you guys even tell that we're moving? There was like a big thump and then we started moving. We're heading down a little bit more. Look at that. We're almost down. But did we kind of Oh, I felt like we stopped for a second, but we started up there. I don't think we stopped at any point. No, we're just going all the way down. Look at us. We made it to the bottom level and now we can just walk right off. We started way up there and we made it down. I think it probably took maybe like eight minutes to get from the top to the bottom. Probably even less than that. So, before dinner, we came over to Spotlight Karaoke because they're going to be handing out togas for tonight's toga party in the adults only section. You pick up your bed sheets here and then they teach you on the video how to fold your bed sheets into a toga. There it is. There's the instructions on how to do it. All right. So, we came over to Main Dining and it opens at 5:00. So, we will head in. Oh, look. They're opening the doors. Oh, I thought they were opening the doors now. And something I thought was interesting is people asked us about the dress code and stuff like that. And uh we're walking in right now. Both Jackson and I have shorts on. Jackson's wearing flip-flops. So, I don't think there actually is a dress code. I think it's a more of a suggested dress code. Look at that. Look at the waves out there. All right. So, here's the kids menu. And the kids menu is actually you fold it into one of those like fortune tellers that we used to have like this. He's he's learning it. One day he'll be like, I know how to do this. So, here is a look at the menu in the main dining for tonight. It does change every night, but the restaurant doesn't change. So, you're always in the same restaurant, but the menu will change. So, I went with the I got the Caesar salad and then I got I went with the autumn turkey dinner. See, a good old Thanksgiving dinner. And then I went with the warm apple cobbler. Sounded good. I wanted to get the dark chocolate brownie, but it says it comes with caramel popcorn and a caramel drizzle, which I didn't want, so I'm going to try it. Yeah, they brought out some bread, would you? A little oiago roll there. Look at this one. Oh, yeah. Papas. Very fancy. And some crusty bread here, like a baguette. So, for the kids, we just got them their grilled chicken breast that they like so much. Well, this was actually this was on the adult menu. Oh, yeah. And we just ordered the grilled chicken on the adult menu. And it has roasted potatoes, broccoli, carrots, and then it comes with the sauce. We asked for it on the side. Looks good. Jackson also got mac and cheese and French fries. This is from the kids menu. Yeah, looks pretty good. I also got the Caesar salad, which looks pretty nice. And then what did you get? I got the French onion soup. French onion soup looks pretty good. I don't know. There it is. There it is. Oh, yeah. That was so silly. You got a parrot. Oh, look at that thing. You turn. It looks almost like a dragon. Oh, there you go. Now, Oliver got a little rabbit. I got a little rabbit. He said, "Is that a Pokémon?" I said, "Yep." Jen for her appetizer got those those shrimp fingers from Beetlejuice. [laughter] The chilled shrimp cocktail. This is the the Mediterranean medley. Oh, I like that Greek salad. It looks good. And they got hummus and pa and taziki. Here's what I got. I got the the turkey dinner. Yeah, I got some turkey in there. I got a little Oh, what's happening? Oh, no. Got some mashed potatoes, some corn, some like a stuffing. [applause] Thank you. What's going to happen? You're going to do a dance. Don't make me dance. Make me dance. What did you get to eat, Jen? I got the salmon. Oh, you got the salmon. It's like a citrus glazed apricot. You want to dance with me? I think it's just the servers are dancing. Citrus glazed apricot. He said it was a little spicy. [music] I know. Mine has ketchup all over it. They said that they they got permission from the captain to turn this into a dance floor. Oh, yeah. You guys got to do a side to side exit. So, this is the first time that we tried the main dining room. It was really good. Like the food, all everything I had was really good. Cooked really well. The salmon, it wasn't overdone. It was a really nice flavor. It was like a bold flavor. The um French onion soup was delicious. It was very flavorful. I like the main dining. I brought out some cookies for the boys. cookies for the boys. He thought it was just one cookie and then he was presently surprised when it was two cookies. I got the warm apple cobbler and I think it's going to be good. You got the brownie. Yeah, that looks really good. I got to say, we just finished with Main Dining and the food that we had at Main Dining, I think was better than any like regular rotational dining that we've had on a Disney cruise. Yeah. The the the That's what I was saying. The food quality on the ship is great. Yeah. Yeah. It's very good. Speaking of food, I wanted to head down to Wind Jammers cuz tonight is their seafood night. So, we wanted to see like what was going on. He's saying that they serve 25,000 meals in here. I don't think every day. A Cathy roll. What do you think that is? Paneer. Cathy rolls. Okay. Love some paneer. This is all Indian stuff here. Papadam, mango, chutney, Indian pickles, rice, vegetable biryani. Oh, yeah. Poly paneer. Uh, chana masala dahl and bread and non bread vegetable curry. I don't know what this is. A little fried vegetables over here. Butter chicken. Chicken 65. And then more chicken coffee rolls. They do just have like regular uh noodles, spaghetti, and spaghetti sauces. Mac and cheese. This is the pasta station. And then baked pasta with mushroom, artichokes, ham, and olives and marinara sauce. They have like a whole salad section over here. Like this is the kids dessert section with fruit. Oh yeah, some more peanut butter and jelly sandwiches just in case. They have burgers and fries and fried chicken and hot dogs and chili cheese. I don't see any. I was looking for the lobster. You didn't find any of the the seafood. It's nice. I thought somebody said specifically lobster. I heard lobster. Oh yeah, we got crawfish, muscles, seafood salad, muscles, and clams and crab claws and shrimps and uh crayfish. Crawfish, an oven roasted beef top. Look at that thing. That's good. Thank you. Thank you. Mashed potatoes and gravy, salted shrimp, pecan crusted salmon, kebabs, chicken kebabs, and beef kebabs. and yogurt sauce and then some chicken, grilled Cajun grilled chicken. Well, this is the vegan section. So, they have uh potatoes and savory Shanghai noodles. They have a a dessert table over here with a chocolate fountain with a carved ice crown and anchor. Different things that they can dip in the chocolate fountain for you and various desserts over here. Stay here. Kind of want to know who this person is that's making all these chocolate claims. Got the DJ playing on the prominade. [music] I think that this is a perfect representation of a Royal Carvian cruise. It's just like the vibe in here right now. People are taking photos. People are walking around. There's a DJ playing. People are buying watches. Somebody called 911 cuz she's burning up the dance floor. I did want to point out there is an ATM on the ship. There's actually two of them, one on either side. $6.50 charge to take money out. Wow. But don't forget to tip like your room host, your you know, tip people. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why we had to get extra cash out. So now it's time for us to put the boys to sleep. And I'm not going to end the video here. I'm going to end it tomorrow morning as we are getting off the ship and when we get back home. So, we'll see you guys in the morning. All right, it's the next morning. We made it back to Port Canaveral. And boy, what a what a brisk morning it is. Yeah, it's so cold. Oh my gosh. The feels like it's 41° outside, but it's different out here by the ocean. The feels like temperature is 29. I think we should just stay on and go back to the Caribbean. Got to get back into that warm water. What do you think? Yeah. So, we're headed down to breakfast this morning. It's uh 7:00 in the morning. typical time that we're getting off of a cruise ship when we go on a cruise. We're going to go down to main dining to do breakfast. The main dining way the way the main dining works is the way the main dining works is that you just walk in and pick any table. So, we could I think what we'll do is we'll go to main dining on five because I feel like less people will be there cuz they'll want to be closer to the exit, which I think is on three. Okay. I'm not really sure where the exit is actually. We're going to find that out. We put our our bags out at 10 last night and uh so it's very similar to a Disney cruise in that way. Yeah. And we're just gonna walk off into this uh very cold weather. So this is the last time on our little balcony. I wanted to eat out here one time and we didn't do that. There was there was too much to do, right? I think the next time we go on a Royal Caribbean ship, we will have more time to relax because we will have done some of the things. So I think that's kind of like we're working up to our like relaxing Where? Way over there. Look. But it is really beautiful to see the ocean everywhere. Yeah, it's pretty awesome. Also, the sunrise this morning was amazing. We didn't put our GoPro out on the um on the patio this cruise. Yeah, because there's not really anywhere to put it. So, this is like aluminum. I can't attach a magnet to that. It's too big to clamp anything onto. I got to figure it out. I think you could do it up there. Yeah, I could have done it back there, but then it would have been I don't know. We'll do it the next time. Yeah, stay tuned. I think we might have been wrong. I think we have to go down to three. That's okay because everybody's getting off on five cuz there's nobody up here on this level. All right, we made it down to deck three for main dining. We got coffee right here. All right, here's a look at the breakfast menu on the last day. I think I'm just going to get an omelette and ooh, eggs benedict. We got a little croissant to start off with. They offered us all kinds of other danishes and donuts and stuff and we said, "Nope, we'll just have croissants." Look at that. Ham and cheese omelette with some bacon. What's this noise? It's like a theramin with a hash brown and also some toast. Oliver got a pancake breakfast with a huge mint leaf on it. [laughter] Look at the size of this thing. I got the express bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, and hash brown. All right, we finished breakfast and we came up to deck five and now we're just following the line around trying to get off the ship. This feels very sim familiar. It's like making our way around different areas of the ship trying to get off. Something that we noticed while we were in the in the breakfast is that we didn't hear any announcements saying which groups were able to get off and what time. So, I'm pretty sure we're able to get off now. It's on the screen. Okay. Okay. So, it looks like you're supposed to remember the number that's on your luggage tag and then you go to either the Royal Theater or the main dining on deck 5 and that's where you leave from. So, we are exiting near the Pesky Parrot. And that that makes sense. Like if you're coming from the Royal Theater, you would probably exit on a different side over there, like a different exit. But we're exiting here. Just like that, we have tapped off of the ship. That was pretty easy. Yeah. They're sending us outside. Oh my gosh. Into the freezing cold air. Holy cow. Woo. And then back inside. Okay, now we're okay. It's just a quick quick jaunt into the freeze. Do you remember where we parked? Yeah, on the roof. Okay. I just want to see the adventures parked here and I want to see it like it's docked in Port Canaveral right now through the wavy glass. We're getting our first glimpse of the Disney adventure over there next to the wish. See you again soon. Yeah, I'd like to come back by summer so that we can get on the island in the summer in the heat. All right, see you later, Utopia of the Seas. It was fun. I really did have a good time. I did also want to point out, we were like, we could show the Disney Adventure, but there's a building in the way. So, I'm going to try to go down to the other end of the parking garage, see if I can get just a glimpse of it, but we'll also, I believe, drive past it. Nope. No better view. I could hear the announcements out here. They said this is the last and final call for all remaining passengers on the Utopia of the Seas. It's 9:00. So, we are back home and we've been home for about 5 days now. Yes, I've been working really hard on trying to get the videos out for you guys so you can see everything just like as quick as I could. So, I hope you watched all of the videos. If not, I will link the playlist down below so you can see them. But we're all done with our very first Royal Caribbean cruise. Yeah. And I will tell you guys this, as with Disney, there are things that I liked and there are things that I didn't like about a Royal Caribbean cruise. I want to do like an entire video where we talk about the pros and cons for each. Yeah. But I don't think we can do it today. Oh, no. It's it's it's extensive. Yeah. Because and also that's the thing that's extensive about this the Royal Caribbean is that there's so much to do there. People kept asking us to compare them and I just don't think there's a comparison. They are so especially these ship like this utopia of the Seas ship compared to the Disney ships is just totally different. I'm sure there are like other ships in the Royal Caribbean fleet that maybe would be more comparable, but I just don't think the Utopia I just don't think you can compare them. Yeah. The only thing that I could have compared was what I did in the videos where I said the Wish is this wide. The Utopia of the Seas is this wide. That gives you an idea of how like wide the ship is, but that's about it. I also just want to mention, you might hear the kids, they are going through their Pokemon Rolodex right now. Pokedex is what it's called? Yeah. Okay. Well, they're going through their Pokédex to like look at all the Pokemon that they have. So, if you hear them, that's what they're doing. Yeah. They're talking about who who they have and what it evolves into and all that. But I think that my overall like my overall thoughts are I liked it and I want to do it again. I do too. Yeah. I It was so different and it was it was so much fun. The food was delicious. The um you know the the island I'd love to get back and explore more of the island. The entertainment on the ship I just like was blown away with the entertainment. It was so cool and just unique. it. I had never seen anything like that on a cruise ship and I love that. One thing that I really liked about this ship is how there's stuff going on all the time. Like we would plan stuff out in the app and be like, "Oh, let's go do this thing. Let's go do this thing." And then like after the show, you'd walk out into the prominade and it's like, "Oh, there's like a like a DJ out here with like a little dance party happening in the street." There was definitely stuff to do all like more than one thing to do all the time. I really liked how the ship was broken up into like different neighborhoods as well. I think that made it easier cuz it is such a massive ship. That made it easier to find things and to find things to do. There was always something to do. So, um that was really awesome. I would like to get back and do cuz we didn't do the water slides. We didn't do the zipline. We didn't do the rock climbing. So, we didn't get to do everything that we thought we were going to do, but we still had a really full like jam-packed cruise full of adventure, full of fun. So, that just shows you how much stuff there really is to do. Yeah. So, um, I know you guys were asking for a cost breakdown. I'm going to go over that with you. I just I have I have my notes here on my whiteboard. Um, and I this is I think that this is a true testament to a travel agent for Royal Royal Caribbean because like the pricing structure is a little bit more complex than say like a Disney cruise. And we'll talk about all the differences in a different video, but it is definitely different. So, let's talk about the price breakdown for our cruise. So, now we did go with a large party and I'm basing this entire cost breakdown on just our party of four, which is me, Tim, and the two kids. So, two adults, two children. But [clears throat] I wanted to give you the price of the room that we had, but also the room that my sister had because she had a regular room and we had a suite. And I think you guys would probably want to know the prices of both. So, we put those both in there. Now, when I get down to the dinner section and the upcharge kind of add-on section, I'm only basing that off of the four of us, off of me and Tim and the two kids. So, just so you know, kind of like the cost breakdown and and how I how I did that. Okay, so here is a look at my cost breakdown for our Royal Caribbean cruise. And uh sorry this is the only way that I could write all of the information down in a way that I could explain it to you e easiest I think. So basically our room we had the owner suite that was hosted. We did not pay for this room. It would have been $8,60.66 for us but that price did include a deal because the original price was $10,926.90 and that's before tax. So, also with this suite, we did get a $325 onboard credit. We also paid for my sister's room and she had a 4V interior cabin. So, this room we did pay for and it was $1,381.19. This also included a deal. The original price was $18.26 even. That was again before tax. The deal that was uh that I'm talking about was the 60% off the second guest and kids sale free deal. So, we paid for my sister's room. Our room was hosted, but I wanted to give you the price of both rooms because obviously one was a suite and one was a um like the regular room. So, I wanted to show you both prices. Now, we did do some extra charges and upgrades which you saw in the videos. and you don't have to eat at the specialty dining restaurants, but we wanted to kind of see, you know, all of the things that the ship had to offer. So, the first night we went to 150 Central Park. This was $40 per adult. Um, we did not pay for this. It was hosted that dinner. The next night we went to the Habachi restaurant, which our total for two adults, we paid for this one. Our total was 16514 for two adults, two kids. And then Chops was 65 per adult. And this one was also hosted. So, we did do three specialty dinners. So, we did go to the main dining dinner on our last night in this cruise. You saw that dinner. And that was complimentary, like part of our cruise. That didn't cost anything extra. And that food was delicious. I mean, the food quality was really great. So, if you only did main dining during your Royal Caribbean cruise, I don't think you would be unhappy. Um, I just like I don't know. I liked seeing what what the other restaurants had to offer and those were also really great. So, also we did have a large group with us and two of the adults in our group ended up eating at the train restaurant for dinner on the last night when we went to main dining. We paid for that as well and that was $120 per adult. So, that was an additional $240 and we did cover the cost of that. So, I want to make sure I add that in here, but I didn't know how to list it on my whiteboard. [laughter] So, I know this is a lot. It's very complex. I hope that I'm making it make sense. So, now the next upgrade and upcharge that we did was the Royal Beach Club. That's on Nassau. That's where Tim went in day two. I'm going to link all these videos down below if you haven't seen them. And that was $175 for his non-alcoholic drink pass, which was like a day pass to the island. So, because this island is not technically owned by Royal Caribbean, it's like a partnership between Royal Caribbean and the Bahamas, Nassau, they have to sell you a drink package to get onto the private beach club. So, I know that kind of was confusing to some people, which I I get it is confusing, but that's how you get on to uh the island is through a a drink pass. So, you can do alcoholic drinks or non-alcoholic drinks. And then people you guys were saying that it was flex pricing that the pricing could go up or down based on how many ships are at port based on you know how many people are there that day. So and also we did buy it day of so I think that's why the price of this pass was more expensive because if we had purchased it the day before which we were actually thinking about doing it was 25% off. Um we just didn't buy it that day cuz we weren't sure if we wanted to do it yet. So, we did pay 175, but it could definitely be cheaper if you pay in advance or if there are less ships in the port. So, now, sorry, that red light is my record light. I just realized it's reflecting in my whiteboard. But, at our at our perfect day at Coco K, we did opt to get the overwater cabana. This was $1,400 is what we paid, $1,400 even, and it was originally $1,900, but we did get a 25% off deal. So, the Royal Caribbean employee that was at the desk, the like excursion desk, we didn't ask him for a deal. He just said, "Let me ask my let me ask my, you know, my supervisor if there's any deals." And he said, "Oh, you're in luck. There's a 25% off deal. I can give you 25% off." So, that's how we were able to get it for 1,400 instead of 1,900. I know that that sounds like a lot of money, and it is a lot of money, but because we didn't pay for the majority of the cruise, we just felt like it would be a fun splurge. Um, you know, my sister was there. We had two other people with us. So, seven of us altogether for $1,400. If you were to break it down by person, it really wasn't um too bad in our eyes. So, we thought, let's do it. It'll be a fun way to kind of, you know, spend the day with everybody. And we had a great time. So, it was $1,400. It was originally $1,900. So, we did get a little bit of a deal. And then lastly, our gratuitities on the ship were $21 a day per person. And for the party of four, for me, Tim, and the kids, it was $336 for the total of the four nights. So altogether, four people, 4 days, $336. I know this is a lot of information, but this is how the cost is broken down on a Royal Caribbean cruise, which if you're only used to Disney cruises like us, this seems like a lot. But there are definitely ways to sail on Royal Caribbean in a less expensive way. You know, you don't have to do any upgrades. You can opt for a less expensive experience on the cruise, and I think you will still have a fantastic time. We as our first time on Royal Caribbean, I think because we didn't know if we were ever going to sail Royal Caribbean again, we wanted to really maximize our experience on this cruise. And I I think we did. I think we did that. And we loved it. We had such a great time. So, we did do a lot of add-ons, but everything was wonderful. I I loved everything. And I know Tim did as well, and the kids had a fantastic time. So, I just think that we were able to maximize the cruise because we just didn't know if we were going to do another Royal Caribbean cruise. After sailing, I know for sure that we will be on another Royal Caribbean ship because we had such a great time. So, um, let me total I'm going to tally everything up and give you our full total. I'm going to give you the total with the suite and the total with the regular interior room. I'm going to give you two different totals just to kind of give you an idea. If you did a suite, it could be sort of upwards of this price. If you did a regular room, it would have been this price. So, let me total those up. All right. So, our total with the sweet room, including all of our gratuitities, any upgrades or extras that we purchased for dinner and all of that was $10,451.80. Our total for the interior room and of course all those extra charges and upgrades and gratuitities was $3,772.33. Obviously that is a huge difference. So there are ways that you can sail on these ships for a less expensive amount of money or you know you can definitely splurge and you can do those larger rooms. There were even larger rooms than the one that we stayed in that would have cost you even more than what this is showing. So, there's definitely a large range just like any other cruise ship, but that would have been the total with the sweet room and the interior room. I also wanted to mention I didn't add on the train experience because we didn't take part in the train experience, but I wanted to give you the cost of what that was and what we did pay for that. So, that does not include the train experience. This also does not include tipping the porter. Um, I think we tipped the porter 20 bucks and it doesn't include any tips that we gave to the um Oh, our cabana server. The cabana server. We tipped him $200 and um he did a great job. He was fantastic. He was working really hard and um yeah, so that is everything. That's everything that we paid for. I also wanted to mention that Beast did give us some onboard credits to use at the arcade. So, we didn't pay anything to play those arcade games, but we easily could have spent like hundreds of dollars in the arcade. Just to give you a heads up, if your kids love arcades and you go in there, the games are not super cheap. So, um I was very very happy to have those onboard credits from VR Guas Vacations because we would have spent a pretty penny in the arcade to get all those ducks. So, we didn't pay for any of those games. I just want to mention that. But yeah, that's our total our total cost breakdown of what our cruises would have cost and I broke down everything that we paid for, everything that we didn't pay for, everything that was hosted. So yeah, I hope this made sense and I hope that it helps when you're booking your cruise. But I also hope that you reach out to a travel agent to help you book your next Royal Caribbean cruise because they will make it so much easier for you. Like [laughter] just like in all honesty, it it was confusing and I just don't think that I would have had a good time planning it on my own. So having them do it and be so much more experienced than we were made it easy from the jump. Like just day one this vacation was a lot easier because of Be Our Guest Vacation. So thank you so much to them. Also, if there's anything that I missed or anything that you still have questions about, please leave it in the comments down below because we are going to do another video about this cruise and just about our thoughts about Royal Caribbean, our thoughts about Royal Caribbean versus Disney. And um I know we said that you can't really compare the two, but we're going to try. So, leave your comments down below, any questions that you might have. Um I can't wait to read them now that you've gone through my price breakdown class. Yeah, first of all, thank you for coming to Jen's TED talk. [laughter] But yeah, like I said, it was a fantastic cruise. I can't wait to get on to Royal Caribbean again, if not on the Utopia of the Seas, on maybe another one. A lot of you guys said that we have to go on the Star of the Seas cuz that's more like it's more family kind of geared towards family. There's a whole water park on that ship. Yeah, I think I mean I felt like there was a water park on this one. So there's more on the other [laughter] one. So uh so yeah, I would love to do that. I would definitely love to see the other ships. I would love to do different itineraries. I think that stay tuned. That's definitely in our future. Yeah. So all in all, it was a fantastic trip. Wanted to say thank you to Be Our Guest Vacations for hosting us on this trip. And all in all, and for planning our our first ever Royal Caribbean cruise and for making it just like such a great time. Yeah. And all in all, it was a fantastic trip. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
