---
video_id: M1VKUtPi6ko
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "We Already Lost A Penny, Shopping For Cheap Decorations & Leftovers It's Whats For Dinner! Home Vlog"
published: 2026-01-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1VKUtPi6ko
---
Good morning everybody. We started this Good morning everybody. We started this Good morning everybody. We started this video on New Year's Day where we went to video on New Year's Day where we went to video on New Year's Day where we went to the movie theater and watched the series the movie theater and watched the series the movie theater and watched the series finale of Stranger Things. finale of Stranger Things. finale of Stranger Things. &gt;&gt; So come with us to the movie theater and &gt;&gt; So come with us to the movie theater and &gt;&gt; So come with us to the movie theater and then we kind of show you what else we then we kind of show you what else we then we kind of show you what else we did that week culminating into today. did that week culminating into today. did that week culminating into today. Today is the Today is the Today is the &gt;&gt; Hello. Are you riding your horse? &gt;&gt; Hello. Are you riding your horse? &gt;&gt; Hello. Are you riding your horse? &gt;&gt; I know. And I and I beat a three star &gt;&gt; I know. And I and I beat a three star &gt;&gt; I know. And I and I beat a three star drama with data because he also played drama with data because he also played drama with data because he also played Pokémon. Oh my gosh. What is that? I Pokémon. Oh my gosh. What is that? I Pokémon. Oh my gosh. What is that? I don't know. What is that? don't know. What is that? don't know. What is that? &gt;&gt; That is a coyote. &gt;&gt; That is a coyote. &gt;&gt; That is a coyote. &gt;&gt; There's a coyote back there. &gt;&gt; There's a coyote back there. &gt;&gt; There's a coyote back there. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. No. Can you see it? &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. No. Can you see it? &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. No. Can you see it? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Hold on. Hold on. Did you see that? Oh &gt;&gt; Hold on. Hold on. Did you see that? Oh &gt;&gt; Hold on. Hold on. Did you see that? Oh my gosh. I wish I I wish you could have my gosh. I wish I I wish you could have my gosh. I wish I I wish you could have seen it. Okay. Sorry. That was um random seen it. Okay. Sorry. That was um random seen it. Okay. Sorry. That was um random and worrisome. and worrisome. and worrisome. &gt;&gt; What just happened? &gt;&gt; What just happened? &gt;&gt; What just happened? &gt;&gt; I'm glad we have a fence on the back. A &gt;&gt; I'm glad we have a fence on the back. A &gt;&gt; I'm glad we have a fence on the back. A lot of these houses don't have fences on lot of these houses don't have fences on lot of these houses don't have fences on the back. So, that coyote could just the back. So, that coyote could just the back. So, that coyote could just kind of like go all up in your backyard, kind of like go all up in your backyard, kind of like go all up in your backyard, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um Okay. &gt;&gt; Um Okay. &gt;&gt; Um Okay. &gt;&gt; I mean, I've never seen a coyote up &gt;&gt; I mean, I've never seen a coyote up &gt;&gt; I mean, I've never seen a coyote up close. That was a coyote, right? close. That was a coyote, right? close. That was a coyote, right? &gt;&gt; It looked like it. You guys couldn't &gt;&gt; It looked like it. You guys couldn't &gt;&gt; It looked like it. You guys couldn't see. Never seen a dog like that before. see. Never seen a dog like that before. see. Never seen a dog like that before. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was &gt;&gt; But it was big. &gt;&gt; But it was big. &gt;&gt; But it was big. &gt;&gt; Um, okay. So, &gt;&gt; Um, okay. So, &gt;&gt; Um, okay. So, &gt;&gt; join us at the movie theater. &gt;&gt; join us at the movie theater. &gt;&gt; join us at the movie theater. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good morning and happy 2026. What? I &gt;&gt; Good morning and happy 2026. What? I &gt;&gt; Good morning and happy 2026. What? I don't know what day it is. Thursday. don't know what day it is. Thursday. don't know what day it is. Thursday. &gt;&gt; Thursday. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thursday. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thursday. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Happy Thursday. It's now 2026. &gt;&gt; Happy Thursday. It's now 2026. &gt;&gt; Happy Thursday. It's now 2026. Uh, we're starting this year off by Uh, we're starting this year off by Uh, we're starting this year off by going to see Stranger Things in the going to see Stranger Things in the going to see Stranger Things in the movie theater. We're watching the movie theater. We're watching the movie theater. We're watching the finale, the series finale. like it's finale, the series finale. like it's finale, the series finale. like it's over after this, but we're going to go over after this, but we're going to go over after this, but we're going to go see it in an actual movie theater, which see it in an actual movie theater, which see it in an actual movie theater, which should be a very cool experience. should be a very cool experience. should be a very cool experience. &gt;&gt; I was going to say we should give our &gt;&gt; I was going to say we should give our &gt;&gt; I was going to say we should give our predictions to what happens, but I feel predictions to what happens, but I feel predictions to what happens, but I feel like if it goes right, then that'll be a like if it goes right, then that'll be a like if it goes right, then that'll be a spoiler, so I don't want to do that. spoiler, so I don't want to do that. spoiler, so I don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; I honestly have no idea what's going to &gt;&gt; I honestly have no idea what's going to &gt;&gt; I honestly have no idea what's going to happen. happen. happen. &gt;&gt; Like, don't know. &gt;&gt; Like, don't know. &gt;&gt; Like, don't know. I've been spoilerfree cuz everybody I've been spoilerfree cuz everybody I've been spoilerfree cuz everybody watched it yesterday and I saw one post watched it yesterday and I saw one post watched it yesterday and I saw one post that was like my reaction and then I that was like my reaction and then I that was like my reaction and then I like immediately scrolled away. So, I I like immediately scrolled away. So, I I like immediately scrolled away. So, I I don't know what their reaction was. So, don't know what their reaction was. So, don't know what their reaction was. So, I don't know. I don't know. No spoilers, I don't know. I don't know. No spoilers, I don't know. I don't know. No spoilers, but we're headed to the movie theater but we're headed to the movie theater but we're headed to the movie theater now and um we'll see you in just a now and um we'll see you in just a now and um we'll see you in just a minute. minute. minute. &gt;&gt; We're here at the Regal in Waterford &gt;&gt; We're here at the Regal in Waterford &gt;&gt; We're here at the Regal in Waterford Lakes. There's a This is also a 40. Lakes. There's a This is also a 40. Lakes. There's a This is also a 40. We're not seeing it in 40X, but this is We're not seeing it in 40X, but this is We're not seeing it in 40X, but this is a 40X theater. Could you imagine? a 40X theater. Could you imagine? a 40X theater. Could you imagine? &gt;&gt; Could you imagine Vecna like picking us &gt;&gt; Could you imagine Vecna like picking us &gt;&gt; Could you imagine Vecna like picking us up, up, up, &gt;&gt; shaking us around? &gt;&gt; shaking us around? &gt;&gt; shaking us around? &gt;&gt; Stranger Things 5, the finale &gt;&gt; Stranger Things 5, the finale &gt;&gt; Stranger Things 5, the finale promotional fan screens in select promotional fan screens in select promotional fan screens in select theaters. Advanced tickets now. So, it's theaters. Advanced tickets now. So, it's theaters. Advanced tickets now. So, it's an interesting concept because it's a an interesting concept because it's a an interesting concept because it's a Netflix show, so you can't charge people Netflix show, so you can't charge people Netflix show, so you can't charge people to come and see it, but you can charge to come and see it, but you can charge to come and see it, but you can charge for concessions. So, we bought the for concessions. So, we bought the for concessions. So, we bought the concession voucher, and that's why concession voucher, and that's why concession voucher, and that's why there's such a huge line for concess there's such a huge line for concess there's such a huge line for concess concessions right now, cuz everybody's concessions right now, cuz everybody's concessions right now, cuz everybody's just getting their concessions for the just getting their concessions for the just getting their concessions for the movie. This is a pretty big &gt;&gt; We just got out of Stranger Things in &gt;&gt; We just got out of Stranger Things in &gt;&gt; We just got out of Stranger Things in the theater. Holy macaroni. My theory the theater. Holy macaroni. My theory the theater. Holy macaroni. My theory was wrong, but uh what everybody cried. was wrong, but uh what everybody cried. was wrong, but uh what everybody cried. There was so much crying that was There was so much crying that was There was so much crying that was happening. Holy cow. What in the world? happening. Holy cow. What in the world? happening. Holy cow. What in the world? &gt;&gt; Um, and I know when I'm I know I'm going &gt;&gt; Um, and I know when I'm I know I'm going &gt;&gt; Um, and I know when I'm I know I'm going to be crying on March 20th when to be crying on March 20th when to be crying on March 20th when &gt;&gt; uh when the Pow Pow Fish comes out. &gt;&gt; uh when the Pow Pow Fish comes out. &gt;&gt; uh when the Pow Pow Fish comes out. &gt;&gt; When the Pow Pow Fish the movie comes &gt;&gt; When the Pow Pow Fish the movie comes &gt;&gt; When the Pow Pow Fish the movie comes out. out. out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With Nick Offerman, Jordan Sparks, and &gt;&gt; With Nick Offerman, Jordan Sparks, and &gt;&gt; With Nick Offerman, Jordan Sparks, and Amy Sedaris. Amy Sedaris. Amy Sedaris. &gt;&gt; Who's going to be the Kiss Kiss Fish? &gt;&gt; Who's going to be the Kiss Kiss Fish? &gt;&gt; Who's going to be the Kiss Kiss Fish? &gt;&gt; Uh, I guess Jordan Sparks, right? &gt;&gt; Uh, I guess Jordan Sparks, right? &gt;&gt; Uh, I guess Jordan Sparks, right? &gt;&gt; You think you think Nick Offerman's &gt;&gt; You think you think Nick Offerman's &gt;&gt; You think you think Nick Offerman's going to kiss Jordan Sparks? going to kiss Jordan Sparks? going to kiss Jordan Sparks? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Stranger Things was uh it was amazing. I Stranger Things was uh it was amazing. I Stranger Things was uh it was amazing. I I really I like the ending. I know that I really I like the ending. I know that I really I like the ending. I know that it's probably divisive and people it's probably divisive and people it's probably divisive and people probably you were going to say they probably you were going to say they probably you were going to say they didn't like it, but I I thought that it didn't like it, but I I thought that it didn't like it, but I I thought that it was great and we got like real closure. was great and we got like real closure. was great and we got like real closure. So, I love that. So, I love that. So, I love that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the &gt;&gt; Yeah, the &gt;&gt; Yeah, the &gt;&gt; All right, it's the next day. &gt;&gt; All right, it's the next day. &gt;&gt; All right, it's the next day. &gt;&gt; Can I also come? &gt;&gt; Can I also come? &gt;&gt; Can I also come? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; All right, it's the next day and we are &gt;&gt; All right, it's the next day and we are &gt;&gt; All right, it's the next day and we are at Lowe's right now because Tim wanted at Lowe's right now because Tim wanted at Lowe's right now because Tim wanted to check out the Christmas decorations to check out the Christmas decorations to check out the Christmas decorations um and see what the sales were like um and see what the sales were like um and see what the sales were like &gt;&gt; if they were still there. It's after &gt;&gt; if they were still there. It's after &gt;&gt; if they were still there. It's after Christmas, so they should be on sale, Christmas, so they should be on sale, Christmas, so they should be on sale, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, let's head into Lowe's. There it is. &gt;&gt; So, let's head into Lowe's. There it is. &gt;&gt; So, let's head into Lowe's. There it is. &gt;&gt; It's the first weekend of the new year, &gt;&gt; It's the first weekend of the new year, &gt;&gt; It's the first weekend of the new year, so I'm hoping that they're still there. so I'm hoping that they're still there. so I'm hoping that they're still there. Like, the stuff is still there on sale. Like, the stuff is still there on sale. Like, the stuff is still there on sale. &gt;&gt; It should be. &gt;&gt; It should be. &gt;&gt; It should be. &gt;&gt; They had like a big thing that they were &gt;&gt; They had like a big thing that they were &gt;&gt; They had like a big thing that they were like end of the year sale, and it's not like end of the year sale, and it's not like end of the year sale, and it's not the end of the year anymore. It's the the end of the year anymore. It's the the end of the year anymore. It's the beginning of the year. beginning of the year. beginning of the year. &gt;&gt; So, I'm I'm hoping. &gt;&gt; So, I'm I'm hoping. &gt;&gt; So, I'm I'm hoping. &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to do some &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to do some &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to do some investigative reporting. Let's go check investigative reporting. Let's go check investigative reporting. Let's go check it out. it out. it out. &gt;&gt; Oo, golf cart test drive event. We can &gt;&gt; Oo, golf cart test drive event. We can &gt;&gt; Oo, golf cart test drive event. We can test drive those golf carts over there. test drive those golf carts over there. test drive those golf carts over there. I like that this is a Tampa Bay I like that this is a Tampa Bay I like that this is a Tampa Bay Buccaneers golf cart, but we're not in Buccaneers golf cart, but we're not in Buccaneers golf cart, but we're not in Tampa Bay at all. Well, I see one Tampa Bay at all. Well, I see one Tampa Bay at all. Well, I see one Christmas tree. That's a good start. Now Christmas tree. That's a good start. Now Christmas tree. That's a good start. Now it's just like tool boxes that are all it's just like tool boxes that are all it's just like tool boxes that are all over here and shopbacks. You want to sit over here and shopbacks. You want to sit over here and shopbacks. You want to sit on a chair? on a chair? on a chair? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at you. &gt;&gt; It's four &gt;&gt; just for that umbrella. This looks like &gt;&gt; just for that umbrella. This looks like &gt;&gt; just for that umbrella. This looks like the whole thing. A Grinch cookie the whole thing. A Grinch cookie the whole thing. A Grinch cookie coloring kit. Gutter clips. Oh, see this coloring kit. Gutter clips. Oh, see this coloring kit. Gutter clips. Oh, see this makes sense. Even ground solution blocks makes sense. Even ground solution blocks makes sense. Even ground solution blocks for you to put your like Christmas for you to put your like Christmas for you to put your like Christmas ornaments on. Got a few lights up here, ornaments on. Got a few lights up here, ornaments on. Got a few lights up here, which is nice. But we don't need any. Is which is nice. But we don't need any. Is which is nice. But we don't need any. Is this a little tiny tree? Oh, there's one this a little tiny tree? Oh, there's one this a little tiny tree? Oh, there's one of those trees right there. of those trees right there. of those trees right there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can still buy these things. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can still buy these things. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can still buy these things. You buy this tree right here. buy this tree right here. buy this tree right here. &gt;&gt; Oh, what did mommy get? &gt;&gt; Oh, what did mommy get? &gt;&gt; Oh, what did mommy get? &gt;&gt; She got a She got a tree bag. I thought &gt;&gt; She got a She got a tree bag. I thought &gt;&gt; She got a She got a tree bag. I thought you got a rolling tree bag. you got a rolling tree bag. you got a rolling tree bag. &gt;&gt; No, I was looking at it though. &gt;&gt; No, I was looking at it though. &gt;&gt; No, I was looking at it though. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; but our I think our tree still has the &gt;&gt; but our I think our tree still has the &gt;&gt; but our I think our tree still has the box. box. box. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We still have all the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We still have all the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We still have all the boxes for our trees. boxes for our trees. boxes for our trees. &gt;&gt; She goes, "This is so amazing." &gt;&gt; She goes, "This is so amazing." &gt;&gt; She goes, "This is so amazing." &gt;&gt; What is it? A bottle of vinegar. &gt;&gt; What is it? A bottle of vinegar. &gt;&gt; What is it? A bottle of vinegar. &gt;&gt; I don't know what he was looking at. &gt;&gt; I don't know what he was looking at. &gt;&gt; I don't know what he was looking at. &gt;&gt; Oh, hope it's that bottle of vinegar. We &gt;&gt; Oh, hope it's that bottle of vinegar. We &gt;&gt; Oh, hope it's that bottle of vinegar. We can buy a fireplace. Look at that. Kid can buy a fireplace. Look at that. Kid can buy a fireplace. Look at that. Kid was built for doing laundry. He goes, he was built for doing laundry. He goes, he was built for doing laundry. He goes, he goes, "Oh, look at this." goes, "Oh, look at this." goes, "Oh, look at this." &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's short enough he can reach it. &gt;&gt; it's short enough he can reach it. &gt;&gt; it's short enough he can reach it. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; 12 = 72. &gt;&gt; 12 = 72. &gt;&gt; 12 = 72. &gt;&gt; That's the toilet paper math. &gt;&gt; That's the toilet paper math. &gt;&gt; That's the toilet paper math. &gt;&gt; I don't understand toilet paper math. I &gt;&gt; I don't understand toilet paper math. I &gt;&gt; I don't understand toilet paper math. I don't don't don't &gt;&gt; It doesn't make any sense. Where are we &gt;&gt; It doesn't make any sense. Where are we &gt;&gt; It doesn't make any sense. Where are we going? Oliver said, "Mom, let's go." going? Oliver said, "Mom, let's go." going? Oliver said, "Mom, let's go." &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. A little ring. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. A little ring. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Look at that. A little ring. Where are we going? This is just Oliver Where are we going? This is just Oliver Where are we going? This is just Oliver leading us around Lowe's. Oh, we have leading us around Lowe's. Oh, we have leading us around Lowe's. Oh, we have some like Christmas boxes here. These some like Christmas boxes here. These some like Christmas boxes here. These are still here. are still here. are still here. &gt;&gt; Flowers &gt;&gt; Flowers &gt;&gt; Flowers for the garage. for the garage. for the garage. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I want that. Yeah, this is &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I want that. Yeah, this is &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I want that. Yeah, this is what we need, what we need, what we need, &gt;&gt; right? Got a little work space. &gt;&gt; right? Got a little work space. &gt;&gt; right? Got a little work space. &gt;&gt; Well, you have a little one, but it's &gt;&gt; Well, you have a little one, but it's &gt;&gt; Well, you have a little one, but it's very full. very full. very full. &gt;&gt; Very, very full. &gt;&gt; Very, very full. &gt;&gt; Very, very full. &gt;&gt; That's what we should have gotten you &gt;&gt; That's what we should have gotten you &gt;&gt; That's what we should have gotten you for Christmas. for Christmas. for Christmas. &gt;&gt; I saw a rare plant. It like didn't tell &gt;&gt; I saw a rare plant. It like didn't tell &gt;&gt; I saw a rare plant. It like didn't tell us the name. us the name. us the name. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. A rare plant. I like &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. A rare plant. I like &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. A rare plant. I like that this brand name is worryf free cuz that this brand name is worryf free cuz that this brand name is worryf free cuz I am a little bit worried about these I am a little bit worried about these I am a little bit worried about these bottles. There's something about gift bottles. There's something about gift bottles. There's something about gift cards that Oliver There's a Mario one cards that Oliver There's a Mario one cards that Oliver There's a Mario one every once in a while. every once in a while. every once in a while. &gt;&gt; Oh, just get one, Jackson. Okay, pick &gt;&gt; Oh, just get one, Jackson. Okay, pick &gt;&gt; Oh, just get one, Jackson. Okay, pick your favorite one. Oh, here's the Mario your favorite one. Oh, here's the Mario your favorite one. Oh, here's the Mario one, Oliver. Look one, Oliver. Look one, Oliver. Look &gt;&gt; Mario. &gt;&gt; Mario. &gt;&gt; Mario. &gt;&gt; Do you see it? &gt;&gt; Do you see it? &gt;&gt; Do you see it? There he is. &gt;&gt; That's Link. &gt;&gt; That's Link. &gt;&gt; That's Link. &gt;&gt; That's Link. &gt;&gt; That's Link. &gt;&gt; That's Link. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that's &gt;&gt; And that's &gt;&gt; And that's &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. That is the switch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. That is the switch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. That is the switch. You like being in there? You like being in there? You like being in there? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It's like a little room for you, isn't &gt;&gt; It's like a little room for you, isn't &gt;&gt; It's like a little room for you, isn't it? it? it? &gt;&gt; The doggy. &gt;&gt; The doggy. &gt;&gt; The doggy. &gt;&gt; Oh, little doggy. &gt;&gt; Oh, little doggy. &gt;&gt; Oh, little doggy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which color did you pick? What's it &gt;&gt; Which color did you pick? What's it &gt;&gt; Which color did you pick? What's it called? Spearmint. called? Spearmint. called? Spearmint. &gt;&gt; This is the color of Oliver's room. &gt;&gt; This is the color of Oliver's room. &gt;&gt; This is the color of Oliver's room. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; But he I said if you were going to paint &gt;&gt; But he I said if you were going to paint &gt;&gt; But he I said if you were going to paint your room, what color would you pick? your room, what color would you pick? your room, what color would you pick? And he said this color. And he said this color. And he said this color. &gt;&gt; Oh, jeez. &gt;&gt; Oh, jeez. &gt;&gt; Oh, jeez. &gt;&gt; This is nice. &gt;&gt; This is nice. &gt;&gt; This is nice. &gt;&gt; That is nice. But that's like the &gt;&gt; That is nice. But that's like the &gt;&gt; That is nice. But that's like the darkest room ever in the world. darkest room ever in the world. darkest room ever in the world. &gt;&gt; Well, you would do it like a It would be &gt;&gt; Well, you would do it like a It would be &gt;&gt; Well, you would do it like a It would be like a moody like a moody like a moody &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I thought they were both together. I &gt;&gt; I thought they were both together. I &gt;&gt; I thought they were both together. I thought they're stuck. thought they're stuck. thought they're stuck. &gt;&gt; Oh, you thought it was like one little &gt;&gt; Oh, you thought it was like one little &gt;&gt; Oh, you thought it was like one little one. I think they're complimentary. So, one. I think they're complimentary. So, one. I think they're complimentary. So, you could maybe do like an accent wall you could maybe do like an accent wall you could maybe do like an accent wall in in one color. in in one color. in in one color. &gt;&gt; Scandinavian minimalism. Is that our &gt;&gt; Scandinavian minimalism. Is that our &gt;&gt; Scandinavian minimalism. Is that our house? house? house? &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; I don't think so. &gt;&gt; You don't think? &gt;&gt; You don't think? &gt;&gt; You don't think? &gt;&gt; No. Our house is like American maximism. &gt;&gt; No. Our house is like American maximism. &gt;&gt; No. Our house is like American maximism. &gt;&gt; That one. &gt;&gt; That one. &gt;&gt; That one. &gt;&gt; Which color speaks to you? This one? &gt;&gt; Which color speaks to you? This one? &gt;&gt; Which color speaks to you? This one? &gt;&gt; Aqua? &gt;&gt; Aqua? &gt;&gt; Aqua? &gt;&gt; Simply awa. Are there two there or is it just the Are there two there or is it just the Are there two there or is it just the one? Oh, I like that color. It's one? Oh, I like that color. It's one? Oh, I like that color. It's interesting. Catch me showing up on the interesting. Catch me showing up on the interesting. Catch me showing up on the job site in my Paw Patrol gloves. The job site in my Paw Patrol gloves. The job site in my Paw Patrol gloves. The perfect spot to film your videos is in perfect spot to film your videos is in perfect spot to film your videos is in the lighting aisle in Lowe's. Look at the lighting aisle in Lowe's. Look at the lighting aisle in Lowe's. Look at this. I'm lit so well. Jackson has this. I'm lit so well. Jackson has this. I'm lit so well. Jackson has announced that he'd like to look at announced that he'd like to look at announced that he'd like to look at toilets. So, we're going to look at toilets. So, we're going to look at toilets. So, we're going to look at toilets. toilets. toilets. &gt;&gt; Well, we were looking in the lighting &gt;&gt; Well, we were looking in the lighting &gt;&gt; Well, we were looking in the lighting section cuz I wanted to look at new section cuz I wanted to look at new section cuz I wanted to look at new lighting for like our um above our lighting for like our um above our lighting for like our um above our dining room table and like above our dining room table and like above our dining room table and like above our front door, but I feel like that's kind front door, but I feel like that's kind front door, but I feel like that's kind of the last step. of the last step. of the last step. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like that wouldn't be the first &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like that wouldn't be the first &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like that wouldn't be the first thing you Yeah, buddy. thing you Yeah, buddy. thing you Yeah, buddy. &gt;&gt; It wouldn't be the first thing you pick. &gt;&gt; It wouldn't be the first thing you pick. &gt;&gt; It wouldn't be the first thing you pick. You do everything else first and then You do everything else first and then You do everything else first and then you do the lighting. you do the lighting. you do the lighting. &gt;&gt; How does it work when interior? Do you &gt;&gt; How does it work when interior? Do you &gt;&gt; How does it work when interior? Do you pick pick pick &gt;&gt; you pick everything? &gt;&gt; you pick everything? &gt;&gt; you pick everything? &gt;&gt; Inspiration. Well, you pick an &gt;&gt; Inspiration. Well, you pick an &gt;&gt; Inspiration. Well, you pick an inspiration piece and then you like inspiration piece and then you like inspiration piece and then you like build out from that. build out from that. build out from that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or like how what what do you do? &gt;&gt; Or like how what what do you do? &gt;&gt; Or like how what what do you do? &gt;&gt; I like this idea of you've got a vanity &gt;&gt; I like this idea of you've got a vanity &gt;&gt; I like this idea of you've got a vanity here, but then it's got plugs inside of here, but then it's got plugs inside of here, but then it's got plugs inside of the top drawer the top drawer the top drawer &gt;&gt; and USBs. You know how I love USBs. &gt;&gt; and USBs. You know how I love USBs. &gt;&gt; and USBs. You know how I love USBs. &gt;&gt; What are you plugging into a USB? I &gt;&gt; What are you plugging into a USB? I &gt;&gt; What are you plugging into a USB? I mean, my toothbrush is USB. mean, my toothbrush is USB. mean, my toothbrush is USB. &gt;&gt; Oh, is it? &gt;&gt; Oh, is it? &gt;&gt; Oh, is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But also, um, for your haird dryer and &gt;&gt; But also, um, for your haird dryer and &gt;&gt; But also, um, for your haird dryer and stuff, you'd like plug it in there and stuff, you'd like plug it in there and stuff, you'd like plug it in there and then you could just store it in the then you could just store it in the then you could just store it in the drawer plugged in. drawer plugged in. drawer plugged in. &gt;&gt; They're not USB. &gt;&gt; They're not USB. &gt;&gt; They're not USB. &gt;&gt; I know, but there's regular plugs in &gt;&gt; I know, but there's regular plugs in &gt;&gt; I know, but there's regular plugs in there, too. there, too. there, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Let's look at &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Let's look at &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Let's look at &gt;&gt; So, you could charge your phone while &gt;&gt; So, you could charge your phone while &gt;&gt; So, you could charge your phone while you're blow drying your hair. you're blow drying your hair. you're blow drying your hair. &gt;&gt; Jackson wanted to look at the toilet. &gt;&gt; Jackson wanted to look at the toilet. &gt;&gt; Jackson wanted to look at the toilet. &gt;&gt; I always like it when you find things &gt;&gt; I always like it when you find things &gt;&gt; I always like it when you find things that are for dogs that you can't really that are for dogs that you can't really that are for dogs that you can't really tell are for dogs. Like, it's this. You tell are for dogs. Like, it's this. You tell are for dogs. Like, it's this. You see the dog down here in this picture, see the dog down here in this picture, see the dog down here in this picture, but if you were just looking at this but if you were just looking at this but if you were just looking at this like in passing, actually, I don't like in passing, actually, I don't like in passing, actually, I don't really know because this one has a really know because this one has a really know because this one has a chicken on it. Are these for dogs or chicken on it. Are these for dogs or chicken on it. Are these for dogs or they for you? they for you? they for you? &gt;&gt; They're for dogs. &gt;&gt; They're for dogs. &gt;&gt; They're for dogs. &gt;&gt; Does it say that? Oh, yeah. Dog treats &gt;&gt; Does it say that? Oh, yeah. Dog treats &gt;&gt; Does it say that? Oh, yeah. Dog treats down there. Real little. Is there down there. Real little. Is there down there. Real little. Is there anybody that prefers an extra tall anybody that prefers an extra tall anybody that prefers an extra tall toilet? toilet? toilet? &gt;&gt; I'm a tall guy and I don't like tall &gt;&gt; I'm a tall guy and I don't like tall &gt;&gt; I'm a tall guy and I don't like tall toilets. Where are the toilets that can toilets. Where are the toilets that can toilets. Where are the toilets that can that can flush 16,000 golf balls? that can flush 16,000 golf balls? that can flush 16,000 golf balls? Flushes a bucket of golf balls. Is there Flushes a bucket of golf balls. Is there Flushes a bucket of golf balls. Is there a thing that's like, "Please don't do a thing that's like, "Please don't do a thing that's like, "Please don't do that." that." that." &gt;&gt; I feel like if your poop is like a &gt;&gt; I feel like if your poop is like a &gt;&gt; I feel like if your poop is like a bucket of golf balls, go to the doctor. bucket of golf balls, go to the doctor. bucket of golf balls, go to the doctor. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that seems like a problem, &gt;&gt; that seems like a problem, &gt;&gt; that seems like a problem, &gt;&gt; right? So, I ordered one of these type &gt;&gt; right? So, I ordered one of these type &gt;&gt; right? So, I ordered one of these type of ladders from Amazon, and I think I of ladders from Amazon, and I think I of ladders from Amazon, and I think I did a good job of getting I think I paid did a good job of getting I think I paid did a good job of getting I think I paid like $80 for it. So, these are $90. like $80 for it. So, these are $90. like $80 for it. So, these are $90. There's a cheaper one for 75 here, but There's a cheaper one for 75 here, but There's a cheaper one for 75 here, but the one that I ordered was a little bit the one that I ordered was a little bit the one that I ordered was a little bit taller than that. So, I just want to taller than that. So, I just want to taller than that. So, I just want to come down here and like double check the come down here and like double check the come down here and like double check the price of them cuz ladders are way more price of them cuz ladders are way more price of them cuz ladders are way more expensive than I remember them being. expensive than I remember them being. expensive than I remember them being. So, like this one, this aluminum one is So, like this one, this aluminum one is So, like this one, this aluminum one is job. The one that I got is a little bit job. The one that I got is a little bit job. The one that I got is a little bit bigger than that. This is sort of the bigger than that. This is sort of the bigger than that. This is sort of the one that I wanted though. This like one that I wanted though. This like one that I wanted though. This like little giant one. It's cool looking, but little giant one. It's cool looking, but little giant one. It's cool looking, but it's $130. Why are ladders way more it's $130. Why are ladders way more it's $130. Why are ladders way more expensive than I thought they would be? expensive than I thought they would be? expensive than I thought they would be? We got a little mini bucket. We got a little mini bucket. We got a little mini bucket. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Ah, yes. A 2025 Farmers Almanac. Here we &gt;&gt; Ah, yes. A 2025 Farmers Almanac. Here we &gt;&gt; Ah, yes. A 2025 Farmers Almanac. Here we go. TJ Maxx, the next stop. We'll see if go. TJ Maxx, the next stop. We'll see if go. TJ Maxx, the next stop. We'll see if they have anything left over from they have anything left over from they have anything left over from Christmas. Nope. All Valentine's Day Christmas. Nope. All Valentine's Day Christmas. Nope. All Valentine's Day stuff. stuff. stuff. &gt;&gt; The love meter. &gt;&gt; The love meter. &gt;&gt; The love meter. &gt;&gt; True love. Look, it doesn't it doesn't &gt;&gt; True love. Look, it doesn't it doesn't &gt;&gt; True love. Look, it doesn't it doesn't go anywhere. It's either goes to No go anywhere. It's either goes to No go anywhere. It's either goes to No Sparks or True Love. Sparks or True Love. Sparks or True Love. &gt;&gt; Oh, wa. Those are silly. &gt;&gt; Oh, wa. Those are silly. &gt;&gt; Oh, wa. Those are silly. &gt;&gt; That's kind of weird that there's &gt;&gt; That's kind of weird that there's &gt;&gt; That's kind of weird that there's they're tomatoes, right? they're tomatoes, right? they're tomatoes, right? &gt;&gt; I don't know what they are. &gt;&gt; I don't know what they are. &gt;&gt; I don't know what they are. &gt;&gt; Are they supposed to be cherries? &gt;&gt; Are they supposed to be cherries? &gt;&gt; Are they supposed to be cherries? &gt;&gt; You know, I guess it's what I follow &gt;&gt; You know, I guess it's what I follow &gt;&gt; You know, I guess it's what I follow your heart. your heart. your heart. &gt;&gt; It's a Valentine's Day tomato. &gt;&gt; It's a Valentine's Day tomato. &gt;&gt; It's a Valentine's Day tomato. &gt;&gt; So, I wanted to come here because I &gt;&gt; So, I wanted to come here because I &gt;&gt; So, I wanted to come here because I wanted to look at their lamps. wanted to look at their lamps. wanted to look at their lamps. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, hello. I'm hello. I'm hello. I'm &gt;&gt; He's saying, "Hello, I'm Oliver." By the &gt;&gt; He's saying, "Hello, I'm Oliver." By the &gt;&gt; He's saying, "Hello, I'm Oliver." By the way, way, way, &gt;&gt; I'm Oliver. &gt;&gt; I'm Oliver. &gt;&gt; I'm Oliver. &gt;&gt; Here's the clearance section. &gt;&gt; Here's the clearance section. &gt;&gt; Here's the clearance section. Get an icy machine. A squishy making Get an icy machine. A squishy making Get an icy machine. A squishy making machine for making all syrup super machine for making all syrup super machine for making all syrup super squishy. I don't know. They're like squishy. I don't know. They're like squishy. I don't know. They're like little hard candies. little hard candies. little hard candies. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the lollipops. I remember that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the lollipops. I remember that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the lollipops. I remember that. &gt;&gt; You remember that? &gt;&gt; You remember that? &gt;&gt; You remember that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; jelly beans. &gt;&gt; jelly beans. &gt;&gt; jelly beans. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Jelly beans. Oh, these are &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Jelly beans. Oh, these are &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Jelly beans. Oh, these are popcorn flavored. popcorn flavored. popcorn flavored. &gt;&gt; Popcorn. &gt;&gt; Popcorn. &gt;&gt; Popcorn. &gt;&gt; Isn't that silly? &gt;&gt; Isn't that silly? &gt;&gt; Isn't that silly? &gt;&gt; That one. &gt;&gt; That one. &gt;&gt; That one. &gt;&gt; Oh, we should have gotten this. The &gt;&gt; Oh, we should have gotten this. The &gt;&gt; Oh, we should have gotten this. The karaoke machine with a wireless speaker. karaoke machine with a wireless speaker. karaoke machine with a wireless speaker. Oh, look. It like tells you the words. Oh, look. It like tells you the words. Oh, look. It like tells you the words. &gt;&gt; Sparks ignite, hearts collide. What song &gt;&gt; Sparks ignite, hearts collide. What song &gt;&gt; Sparks ignite, hearts collide. What song is that? Look. Oh, Vinnie Kamudo. Oh, is that? Look. Oh, Vinnie Kamudo. Oh, is that? Look. Oh, Vinnie Kamudo. Oh, man. Get you some Crocs. man. Get you some Crocs. man. Get you some Crocs. &gt;&gt; Some Croc Flippy floppies. &gt;&gt; Some Croc Flippy floppies. &gt;&gt; Some Croc Flippy floppies. &gt;&gt; I'm walking so fast. &gt;&gt; I'm walking so fast. &gt;&gt; I'm walking so fast. &gt;&gt; You're walking so fast. You like your &gt;&gt; You're walking so fast. You like your &gt;&gt; You're walking so fast. You like your little bear slippers. little bear slippers. little bear slippers. &gt;&gt; Those look a little bit big, buddy. &gt;&gt; Those look a little bit big, buddy. &gt;&gt; Those look a little bit big, buddy. &gt;&gt; Here they are. &gt;&gt; Here they are. &gt;&gt; Here they are. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. There it is. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. There it is. &gt;&gt; Oh, look. There it is. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is like Martha May here. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is like Martha May here. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is like Martha May here. &gt;&gt; Little Santa pants suit. Oliver's &gt;&gt; Little Santa pants suit. Oliver's &gt;&gt; Little Santa pants suit. Oliver's leading his way to Petsmart. leading his way to Petsmart. leading his way to Petsmart. &gt;&gt; Oliver wanted to say hi to the fishies &gt;&gt; Oliver wanted to say hi to the fishies &gt;&gt; Oliver wanted to say hi to the fishies and the kitties. and the kitties. and the kitties. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're going in pet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're going in pet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're going in pet. &gt;&gt; Those are sucker fish, too. It's the &gt;&gt; Those are sucker fish, too. It's the &gt;&gt; Those are sucker fish, too. It's the same thing. same thing. same thing. &gt;&gt; Well, it's just it's a different version &gt;&gt; Well, it's just it's a different version &gt;&gt; Well, it's just it's a different version of this. of this. of this. &gt;&gt; Do you see? Look how tiny they are. &gt;&gt; Do you see? Look how tiny they are. &gt;&gt; Do you see? Look how tiny they are. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. They're very small. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. They're very small. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. They're very small. &gt;&gt; They're like little babes. &gt;&gt; They're like little babes. &gt;&gt; They're like little babes. &gt;&gt; Look at these. &gt;&gt; Look at these. &gt;&gt; Look at these. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. A loach. I had one of these &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. A loach. I had one of these &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. A loach. I had one of these when I had my fish tank. when I had my fish tank. when I had my fish tank. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Look at it. You see &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Look at it. You see &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Look at it. You see &gt;&gt; like wiggling around. Oh, look at it go. &gt;&gt; like wiggling around. Oh, look at it go. &gt;&gt; like wiggling around. Oh, look at it go. It's another type of like catfish. It's another type of like catfish. It's another type of like catfish. &gt;&gt; That's creepy looking. &gt;&gt; That's creepy looking. &gt;&gt; That's creepy looking. &gt;&gt; All the cats are sleeping. &gt;&gt; All the cats are sleeping. &gt;&gt; All the cats are sleeping. &gt;&gt; I think they're all sleeping. &gt;&gt; I think they're all sleeping. &gt;&gt; I think they're all sleeping. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at this one's stretching right &gt;&gt; Oh, look at this one's stretching right &gt;&gt; Oh, look at this one's stretching right now, covering its eyes. It says I got to now, covering its eyes. It says I got to now, covering its eyes. It says I got to go to sleep. go to sleep. go to sleep. &gt;&gt; So tired. &gt;&gt; So tired. &gt;&gt; So tired. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's &gt;&gt; Oh, there's &gt;&gt; Oh, there's &gt;&gt; Maybe they were um playing a lot earlier &gt;&gt; Maybe they were um playing a lot earlier &gt;&gt; Maybe they were um playing a lot earlier and and and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everybody's Oh, this one's staring &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everybody's Oh, this one's staring &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everybody's Oh, this one's staring at me. It's black abyss in there just at me. It's black abyss in there just at me. It's black abyss in there just staring at me. staring at me. staring at me. &gt;&gt; His name is Grumpy. &gt;&gt; His name is Grumpy. &gt;&gt; His name is Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. I like that. That's fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. I like that. That's fun. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. I like that. That's fun. &gt;&gt; Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Grumpy. &gt;&gt; His name is Grumpy. The one next door is &gt;&gt; His name is Grumpy. The one next door is &gt;&gt; His name is Grumpy. The one next door is called Happy. called Happy. called Happy. &gt;&gt; A &gt;&gt; A &gt;&gt; A &gt;&gt; Happy Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Happy Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Happy Grumpy. &gt;&gt; They came in on the same day. I wonder &gt;&gt; They came in on the same day. I wonder &gt;&gt; They came in on the same day. I wonder if they were together. if they were together. if they were together. &gt;&gt; Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Grumpy. &gt;&gt; Grumpy. &gt;&gt; And then this one's called Pumpkin. Oh, &gt;&gt; And then this one's called Pumpkin. Oh, &gt;&gt; And then this one's called Pumpkin. Oh, cuz it's a red cat cuz it's a red cat cuz it's a red cat &gt;&gt; or an orange cat. &gt;&gt; or an orange cat. &gt;&gt; or an orange cat. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Why are you trying to climb up? &gt;&gt; Why are you trying to climb up? &gt;&gt; Why are you trying to climb up? &gt;&gt; Don't kiss the glass. Don't kiss the &gt;&gt; Don't kiss the glass. Don't kiss the &gt;&gt; Don't kiss the glass. Don't kiss the glass. glass. glass. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. &gt;&gt; He loves the animals so much. He keeps &gt;&gt; He loves the animals so much. He keeps &gt;&gt; He loves the animals so much. He keeps trying to kiss the glass and we're like, trying to kiss the glass and we're like, trying to kiss the glass and we're like, "Okay, let's "Okay, let's "Okay, let's &gt;&gt; dirty glass. &gt;&gt; dirty glass. &gt;&gt; dirty glass. &gt;&gt; Let's not do that." But yeah, so we've &gt;&gt; Let's not do that." But yeah, so we've &gt;&gt; Let's not do that." But yeah, so we've looked at the fish, looked at the fish, looked at the fish, &gt;&gt; the kittens, &gt;&gt; the kittens, &gt;&gt; the kittens, &gt;&gt; and now the hamsters there. Look, &gt;&gt; and now the hamsters there. Look, &gt;&gt; and now the hamsters there. Look, &gt;&gt; you can get yourself a gerbble &gt;&gt; you can get yourself a gerbble &gt;&gt; you can get yourself a gerbble &gt;&gt; a taco stand, like a taco truck &gt;&gt; a taco stand, like a taco truck &gt;&gt; a taco stand, like a taco truck &gt;&gt; for your derb. Put those gerbles to &gt;&gt; for your derb. Put those gerbles to &gt;&gt; for your derb. Put those gerbles to work. work. work. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're back from Lowe's and um TJ &gt;&gt; Okay, we're back from Lowe's and um TJ &gt;&gt; Okay, we're back from Lowe's and um TJ Maxx and all that fun stuff. And the Maxx and all that fun stuff. And the Maxx and all that fun stuff. And the boys ate lunch. Tim is putting Oliver to boys ate lunch. Tim is putting Oliver to boys ate lunch. Tim is putting Oliver to sleep right now and he's been napping. sleep right now and he's been napping. sleep right now and he's been napping. So that's been a really that's been So that's been a really that's been So that's been a really that's been really great that we I thought for sure really great that we I thought for sure really great that we I thought for sure like nap time was done for. But I think like nap time was done for. But I think like nap time was done for. But I think he was just going through a little he was just going through a little he was just going through a little phase. So I think what it was is because phase. So I think what it was is because phase. So I think what it was is because he's not using his Pippy his pacifier he's not using his Pippy his pacifier he's not using his Pippy his pacifier anymore. He was having a hard time anymore. He was having a hard time anymore. He was having a hard time getting to sleep in the day like uh getting to sleep in the day like uh getting to sleep in the day like uh like soothing himself. You know what I like soothing himself. You know what I like soothing himself. You know what I mean? Like he was just he just couldn't mean? Like he was just he just couldn't mean? Like he was just he just couldn't get that part. He couldn't get over like get that part. He couldn't get over like get that part. He couldn't get over like that hurdle. And I think with time he um that hurdle. And I think with time he um that hurdle. And I think with time he um we just kind of pushed past it and now we just kind of pushed past it and now we just kind of pushed past it and now he is napping. So Tim's putting him to he is napping. So Tim's putting him to he is napping. So Tim's putting him to sleep right now. I am editing the video sleep right now. I am editing the video sleep right now. I am editing the video that hopefully you watched yesterday that hopefully you watched yesterday that hopefully you watched yesterday which was the Animal Kingdom video. If which was the Animal Kingdom video. If which was the Animal Kingdom video. If you haven't seen it, I'll link it down you haven't seen it, I'll link it down you haven't seen it, I'll link it down below. I'm having my little lunch. So I below. I'm having my little lunch. So I below. I'm having my little lunch. So I just made like a little snack plate. I'm just made like a little snack plate. I'm just made like a little snack plate. I'm having some hummus and cucumbers and having some hummus and cucumbers and having some hummus and cucumbers and peppers and a little cheese and crackers peppers and a little cheese and crackers peppers and a little cheese and crackers and some olives. So this is going to be and some olives. So this is going to be and some olives. So this is going to be my lunch. And yeah. Oh, Jackson's my lunch. And yeah. Oh, Jackson's my lunch. And yeah. Oh, Jackson's playing. What are you playing, buddy? playing. What are you playing, buddy? playing. What are you playing, buddy? Oh, Jackson's playing New Super Mario Oh, Jackson's playing New Super Mario Oh, Jackson's playing New Super Mario Bros. 2 while Tim puts the baby to Bros. 2 while Tim puts the baby to Bros. 2 while Tim puts the baby to sleep. I'm doing a little editing. And sleep. I'm doing a little editing. And sleep. I'm doing a little editing. And then when Tim comes down, I don't know. then when Tim comes down, I don't know. then when Tim comes down, I don't know. We'll figure something out. We got to do We'll figure something out. We got to do We'll figure something out. We got to do something. Maybe play a board game. something. Maybe play a board game. something. Maybe play a board game. Maybe go outside in the backyard for a Maybe go outside in the backyard for a Maybe go outside in the backyard for a little bit. But we're going to do little bit. But we're going to do little bit. But we're going to do something. But for right now, I'm going something. But for right now, I'm going something. But for right now, I'm going to eat some lunch and get my editing to eat some lunch and get my editing to eat some lunch and get my editing done. done. done. &gt;&gt; Playing operation. Does anybody else &gt;&gt; Playing operation. Does anybody else &gt;&gt; Playing operation. Does anybody else play it like this with the kneebone play it like this with the kneebone play it like this with the kneebone connected to the ankle bone? Instead of connected to the ankle bone? Instead of connected to the ankle bone? Instead of taking it out, you have to actually put taking it out, you have to actually put taking it out, you have to actually put it in. That's how we play. it in. That's how we play. it in. That's how we play. &gt;&gt; That's how you're supposed to play. &gt;&gt; That's how you're supposed to play. &gt;&gt; That's how you're supposed to play. &gt;&gt; That's how you're supposed to play. &gt;&gt; That's how you're supposed to play. &gt;&gt; That's how you're supposed to play. That's what Jackson says. But this says That's what Jackson says. But this says That's what Jackson says. But this says for game setup, drop the rubber band for game setup, drop the rubber band for game setup, drop the rubber band into the ankle bone. Make sure no part into the ankle bone. Make sure no part into the ankle bone. Make sure no part shows above the cavity. Oh, so you just shows above the cavity. Oh, so you just shows above the cavity. Oh, so you just stick it in there and then you have to stick it in there and then you have to stick it in there and then you have to connect it. I don't really know. All connect it. I don't really know. All connect it. I don't really know. All right, it's a little bit later. And this right, it's a little bit later. And this right, it's a little bit later. And this little baby just woke up. How was your little baby just woke up. How was your little baby just woke up. How was your nap? nap? nap? &gt;&gt; What are you doing? You're pretend playing. You're pretend playing. You're pretend playing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So after his nap, he's allowed to play &gt;&gt; So after his nap, he's allowed to play &gt;&gt; So after his nap, he's allowed to play Mario for 20 minutes. And then after his Mario for 20 minutes. And then after his Mario for 20 minutes. And then after his play. So he'll pretend to play where play. So he'll pretend to play where play. So he'll pretend to play where he'll just have this switch that's not he'll just have this switch that's not he'll just have this switch that's not on. And he'll pretend play. And then on. And he'll pretend play. And then on. And he'll pretend play. And then he'll say, "This level's so hard. Can he'll say, "This level's so hard. Can he'll say, "This level's so hard. Can you help me?" Okay, so I finished the you help me?" Okay, so I finished the you help me?" Okay, so I finished the video. I'm going to put it um down below video. I'm going to put it um down below video. I'm going to put it um down below if you guys didn't see it already. We if you guys didn't see it already. We if you guys didn't see it already. We went to Animal Kingdom. We had a lot of went to Animal Kingdom. We had a lot of went to Animal Kingdom. We had a lot of fun. It took me a while to finish fun. It took me a while to finish fun. It took me a while to finish because the audio was a little bit because the audio was a little bit because the audio was a little bit weird. So, I don't know. We have to weird. So, I don't know. We have to weird. So, I don't know. We have to figure that out. But figure that out. But figure that out. But &gt;&gt; what was weird about the audio? &gt;&gt; what was weird about the audio? &gt;&gt; what was weird about the audio? &gt;&gt; It was like I was really loud. Usually &gt;&gt; It was like I was really loud. Usually &gt;&gt; It was like I was really loud. Usually you're really loud and I'm very quiet you're really loud and I'm very quiet you're really loud and I'm very quiet just because of our voices. Like your just because of our voices. Like your just because of our voices. Like your voice is super deep. So, the mic picks voice is super deep. So, the mic picks voice is super deep. So, the mic picks up your voice easier. But this time I up your voice easier. But this time I up your voice easier. But this time I was really loud but also the background was really loud but also the background was really loud but also the background noise was really loud. noise was really loud. noise was really loud. &gt;&gt; And then you were very clear but super &gt;&gt; And then you were very clear but super &gt;&gt; And then you were very clear but super quiet. That's, you know, just part of quiet. That's, you know, just part of quiet. That's, you know, just part of vlogging. I need to So Tim's making vlogging. I need to So Tim's making vlogging. I need to So Tim's making dinner for the kids. It's dinner time. dinner for the kids. It's dinner time. dinner for the kids. It's dinner time. Oliver had a late nap. So, he's making Oliver had a late nap. So, he's making Oliver had a late nap. So, he's making dinner for the kids. dinner for the kids. dinner for the kids. &gt;&gt; Um, the kids are being wild. I'm gonna &gt;&gt; Um, the kids are being wild. I'm gonna &gt;&gt; Um, the kids are being wild. I'm gonna clean all these dishes. These are the clean all these dishes. These are the clean all these dishes. These are the dishes from yesterday. &gt;&gt; He's playing like a quiz game. &gt;&gt; He's playing like a quiz game. &gt;&gt; He's playing like a quiz game. &gt;&gt; All right, it is the next day. &gt;&gt; All right, it is the next day. &gt;&gt; All right, it is the next day. &gt;&gt; And eating all my rice. &gt;&gt; And eating all my rice. &gt;&gt; And eating all my rice. &gt;&gt; And you're eating your rice. Let me show &gt;&gt; And you're eating your rice. Let me show &gt;&gt; And you're eating your rice. Let me show you. So, it's actually dinner time. I'm you. So, it's actually dinner time. I'm you. So, it's actually dinner time. I'm going to show you what I made the kids going to show you what I made the kids going to show you what I made the kids for dinner. You want to see? He's right for dinner. You want to see? He's right for dinner. You want to see? He's right in front of you. So, they're having some in front of you. So, they're having some in front of you. So, they're having some grilled chicken, rice, broccoli, and grilled chicken, rice, broccoli, and grilled chicken, rice, broccoli, and fruit. fruit. fruit. &gt;&gt; Let me show it. I have chicken and &gt;&gt; Let me show it. I have chicken and &gt;&gt; Let me show it. I have chicken and broccoli and strawberry. broccoli and strawberry. broccoli and strawberry. &gt;&gt; I'm having all my rice. &gt;&gt; I'm having all my rice. &gt;&gt; I'm having all my rice. &gt;&gt; I have fruit and I have broccoli and &gt;&gt; I have fruit and I have broccoli and &gt;&gt; I have fruit and I have broccoli and chicken and and rice. chicken and and rice. chicken and and rice. &gt;&gt; What are you eating? &gt;&gt; What are you eating? &gt;&gt; What are you eating? &gt;&gt; Eat all my rice. &gt;&gt; Eat all my rice. &gt;&gt; Eat all my rice. &gt;&gt; Okay, please eat all your dinner. You do &gt;&gt; Okay, please eat all your dinner. You do &gt;&gt; Okay, please eat all your dinner. You do love rice. I have more rice for you. love rice. I have more rice for you. love rice. I have more rice for you. &gt;&gt; But uh I'm making our dinner right now. &gt;&gt; But uh I'm making our dinner right now. &gt;&gt; But uh I'm making our dinner right now. &gt;&gt; So, are you ready? &gt;&gt; So, are you ready? &gt;&gt; So, are you ready? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Leftovers &gt;&gt; Yeah. Leftovers &gt;&gt; Yeah. Leftovers &gt;&gt; because I got my workout today. You know &gt;&gt; because I got my workout today. You know &gt;&gt; because I got my workout today. You know that scene in Blueie where he's like that scene in Blueie where he's like that scene in Blueie where he's like lifting the kids up and they're playing lifting the kids up and they're playing lifting the kids up and they're playing like office? I pretty much did that like office? I pretty much did that like office? I pretty much did that today. And then Oliver used me as a today. And then Oliver used me as a today. And then Oliver used me as a skateboard, right? skateboard, right? skateboard, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Jackson got an elevator ride. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Jackson got an elevator ride. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Jackson got an elevator ride. &gt;&gt; So, I got some ab workout and a bench &gt;&gt; So, I got some ab workout and a bench &gt;&gt; So, I got some ab workout and a bench press in, which press in, which press in, which &gt;&gt; is pretty good. &gt;&gt; is pretty good. &gt;&gt; is pretty good. &gt;&gt; I am making our dinner right now. I was &gt;&gt; I am making our dinner right now. I was &gt;&gt; I am making our dinner right now. I was going to show you. Tonight is a leftover going to show you. Tonight is a leftover going to show you. Tonight is a leftover kind of a night. So, I'm just taking kind of a night. So, I'm just taking kind of a night. So, I'm just taking everything that I had in the fridge and everything that I had in the fridge and everything that I had in the fridge and making it into one big thing. So, I got making it into one big thing. So, I got making it into one big thing. So, I got all of our vegetables that we had left all of our vegetables that we had left all of our vegetables that we had left over for the week. So, I had some over for the week. So, I had some over for the week. So, I had some carrots, some broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, some broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, some broccoli, mushrooms, peppers. I probably should have put peppers. I probably should have put peppers. I probably should have put garlic in here. Let me I'm going to cut garlic in here. Let me I'm going to cut garlic in here. Let me I'm going to cut up some garlic. That'll be good. And up some garlic. That'll be good. And up some garlic. That'll be good. And then I just cut I cooked this up with then I just cut I cooked this up with then I just cut I cooked this up with the um the beef that we used for our New the um the beef that we used for our New the um the beef that we used for our New Year's Eve dinner, our long life Year's Eve dinner, our long life Year's Eve dinner, our long life noodles. And I'm just going to put this noodles. And I'm just going to put this noodles. And I'm just going to put this over. Sorry, I don't even know if I was over. Sorry, I don't even know if I was over. Sorry, I don't even know if I was showing you. I'm going to put this over showing you. I'm going to put this over showing you. I'm going to put this over rice. And then I added some sesame seeds rice. And then I added some sesame seeds rice. And then I added some sesame seeds in there as well. Some soy sauce, rice in there as well. Some soy sauce, rice in there as well. Some soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, a little sesame oil, and wine vinegar, a little sesame oil, and wine vinegar, a little sesame oil, and I'm just going to add some garlic. and I'm just going to add some garlic. and I'm just going to add some garlic. and put that over some rice. And that'll be put that over some rice. And that'll be put that over some rice. And that'll be our dinner for tonight. And it used up our dinner for tonight. And it used up our dinner for tonight. And it used up all of the veggies that I had left over. all of the veggies that I had left over. all of the veggies that I had left over. I just had like little, you know, like I just had like little, you know, like I just had like little, you know, like two carrots, like a half a thing of like two carrots, like a half a thing of like two carrots, like a half a thing of like mushrooms. So, mushrooms. So, mushrooms. So, &gt;&gt; I wanted to try to use those before they &gt;&gt; I wanted to try to use those before they &gt;&gt; I wanted to try to use those before they went bad. So, this is the end result. I went bad. So, this is the end result. I went bad. So, this is the end result. I added my garlic. I added some more added my garlic. I added some more added my garlic. I added some more sesame seeds, a little more sauce that I sesame seeds, a little more sauce that I sesame seeds, a little more sauce that I just kind of mixed up. But this is it. just kind of mixed up. But this is it. just kind of mixed up. But this is it. I'm going to put it right over the rice I'm going to put it right over the rice I'm going to put it right over the rice &gt;&gt; and we'll be good. of the sink after &gt;&gt; and we'll be good. of the sink after &gt;&gt; and we'll be good. of the sink after eating all my food. eating all my food. eating all my food. &gt;&gt; Thank you, buddy. I appreciate that. He &gt;&gt; Thank you, buddy. I appreciate that. He &gt;&gt; Thank you, buddy. I appreciate that. He said he put all of his dishes in the said he put all of his dishes in the said he put all of his dishes in the sink. High five, bud. sink. High five, bud. sink. High five, bud. &gt;&gt; Didn't even have to ask you. You just &gt;&gt; Didn't even have to ask you. You just &gt;&gt; Didn't even have to ask you. You just did it. did it. did it. &gt;&gt; Pretty amazing. All right, so here is &gt;&gt; Pretty amazing. All right, so here is &gt;&gt; Pretty amazing. All right, so here is dinner. It might not be the best thing dinner. It might not be the best thing dinner. It might not be the best thing in the world, but it got I made use of in the world, but it got I made use of in the world, but it got I made use of all of the leftover things I had in the all of the leftover things I had in the all of the leftover things I had in the fridge, so they didn't go bad. fridge, so they didn't go bad. fridge, so they didn't go bad. &gt;&gt; It smells good. &gt;&gt; It smells good. &gt;&gt; It smells good. &gt;&gt; I think it's Hopefully, it's going to be &gt;&gt; I think it's Hopefully, it's going to be &gt;&gt; I think it's Hopefully, it's going to be good. I mean, it was pretty good. It good. I mean, it was pretty good. It good. I mean, it was pretty good. It just needed a little bit more soy sauce just needed a little bit more soy sauce just needed a little bit more soy sauce just cuz it was a little bit dry, but just cuz it was a little bit dry, but just cuz it was a little bit dry, but not bad. This is your sign to make a not bad. This is your sign to make a not bad. This is your sign to make a leftover thing and just throw it over leftover thing and just throw it over leftover thing and just throw it over some rice. some rice. some rice. &gt;&gt; And the kids have been watching Pokémon &gt;&gt; And the kids have been watching Pokémon &gt;&gt; And the kids have been watching Pokémon Journeys. This one has the Poke Wrap in Journeys. This one has the Poke Wrap in Journeys. This one has the Poke Wrap in it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which the kids loved. &gt;&gt; Which the kids loved. &gt;&gt; Which the kids loved. &gt;&gt; So, at the end of every episode, they do &gt;&gt; So, at the end of every episode, they do &gt;&gt; So, at the end of every episode, they do some of the poke wrap. some of the poke wrap. some of the poke wrap. &gt;&gt; M. &gt;&gt; M. &gt;&gt; M. &gt;&gt; We're trying to learn all the words to &gt;&gt; We're trying to learn all the words to &gt;&gt; We're trying to learn all the words to it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; Do any of you guys know all the words to &gt;&gt; Do any of you guys know all the words to &gt;&gt; Do any of you guys know all the words to the Poke Wrap? Is it Poke Wrap like the Poke Wrap? Is it Poke Wrap like the Poke Wrap? Is it Poke Wrap like Pokémon or is it poke wrap? Pokémon or is it poke wrap? Pokémon or is it poke wrap? &gt;&gt; Tell me in the comments. &gt;&gt; Tell me in the comments. &gt;&gt; Tell me in the comments. &gt;&gt; I thought you were talking about what &gt;&gt; I thought you were talking about what &gt;&gt; I thought you were talking about what was in the package. It's official. was in the package. It's official. was in the package. It's official. Jackson's was the first penny to fall Jackson's was the first penny to fall Jackson's was the first penny to fall out of his lemon pig. Today is January out of his lemon pig. Today is January out of his lemon pig. Today is January &gt;&gt; And And it was 4 days after New Year. &gt;&gt; And And it was 4 days after New Year. &gt;&gt; And And it was 4 days after New Year. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Five days. Four days. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Five days. Four days. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Five days. Four days. &gt;&gt; No, five days. Today's the 5th. &gt;&gt; No, five days. Today's the 5th. &gt;&gt; No, five days. Today's the 5th. &gt;&gt; I know, but New Year's was first. &gt;&gt; I know, but New Year's was first. &gt;&gt; I know, but New Year's was first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, New Year's Day was the first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, New Year's Day was the first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, New Year's Day was the first. That's right. I went outside to get the That's right. I went outside to get the That's right. I went outside to get the car ready to take everybody out to car ready to take everybody out to car ready to take everybody out to school and everything, and my penny fell school and everything, and my penny fell school and everything, and my penny fell out, they tell me. out, they tell me. out, they tell me. &gt;&gt; That's exciting. two in one day. You and &gt;&gt; That's exciting. two in one day. You and &gt;&gt; That's exciting. two in one day. You and me are going to have good luck, Jackson. me are going to have good luck, Jackson. me are going to have good luck, Jackson. &gt;&gt; So, the idea that we have for the lemon &gt;&gt; So, the idea that we have for the lemon &gt;&gt; So, the idea that we have for the lemon pig is that when the penny falls out, pig is that when the penny falls out, pig is that when the penny falls out, you have you'll have good luck that day. you have you'll have good luck that day. you have you'll have good luck that day. And so, Jackson's penny fell out. And so, Jackson's penny fell out. And so, Jackson's penny fell out. &gt;&gt; Well, he goes, "What will my luck be?" &gt;&gt; Well, he goes, "What will my luck be?" &gt;&gt; Well, he goes, "What will my luck be?" And I was like, "I don't know, buddy. And I was like, "I don't know, buddy. And I was like, "I don't know, buddy. You'll have to tell us after school." You'll have to tell us after school." You'll have to tell us after school." Like, what happened? Like, what happened? Like, what happened? &gt;&gt; He didn't have school today. &gt;&gt; He didn't have school today. &gt;&gt; He didn't have school today. &gt;&gt; We went we drove to school. So, it it's &gt;&gt; We went we drove to school. So, it it's &gt;&gt; We went we drove to school. So, it it's it was it was confusing. The calendar it was it was confusing. The calendar it was it was confusing. The calendar said that the the break ended on the said that the the break ended on the said that the the break ended on the &gt;&gt; And then, of course, you wouldn't have &gt;&gt; And then, of course, you wouldn't have &gt;&gt; And then, of course, you wouldn't have school on the weekend. And then it school on the weekend. And then it school on the weekend. And then it didn't say anything about Monday, but didn't say anything about Monday, but didn't say anything about Monday, but &gt;&gt; didn't say school resumes this day, &gt;&gt; didn't say school resumes this day, &gt;&gt; didn't say school resumes this day, &gt;&gt; right? So, we showed up to school and &gt;&gt; right? So, we showed up to school and &gt;&gt; right? So, we showed up to school and there's nobody there. And we're like, there's nobody there. And we're like, there's nobody there. And we're like, are we very late or very early? What's are we very late or very early? What's are we very late or very early? What's going on here? Um, we look at the the uh going on here? Um, we look at the the uh going on here? Um, we look at the the uh the messages cuz you know how school the messages cuz you know how school the messages cuz you know how school schools have like you have to go through schools have like you have to go through schools have like you have to go through this app to get messages and yada yada. this app to get messages and yada yada. this app to get messages and yada yada. And they had sent a message saying, it And they had sent a message saying, it And they had sent a message saying, it was like in the middle of another was like in the middle of another was like in the middle of another message that today's a teacher work day. message that today's a teacher work day. message that today's a teacher work day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so we totally missed it. And he &gt;&gt; And so we totally missed it. And he &gt;&gt; And so we totally missed it. And he goes, "I'm lucky. That's my luck. That's goes, "I'm lucky. That's my luck. That's goes, "I'm lucky. That's my luck. That's my luck." my luck." my luck." &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So it worked. He He had his &gt;&gt; So it worked. He He had his &gt;&gt; So it worked. He He had his &gt;&gt; He got his luck. &gt;&gt; He got his luck. &gt;&gt; He got his luck. &gt;&gt; I thought it was so funny though. Like &gt;&gt; I thought it was so funny though. Like &gt;&gt; I thought it was so funny though. Like it just, you know, just worked. It's it just, you know, just worked. It's it just, you know, just worked. It's true. true. true. &gt;&gt; He was very excited. &gt;&gt; He was very excited. &gt;&gt; He was very excited. &gt;&gt; He was lucky today. It's like the lemon &gt;&gt; He was lucky today. It's like the lemon &gt;&gt; He was lucky today. It's like the lemon pig is real. pig is real. pig is real. &gt;&gt; I think so. Well, mine fell out, too. &gt;&gt; I think so. Well, mine fell out, too. &gt;&gt; I think so. Well, mine fell out, too. So, I'm hoping for something as I hope So, I'm hoping for something as I hope So, I'm hoping for something as I hope something gets me as excited as his like something gets me as excited as his like something gets me as excited as his like not going to school got him excited. not going to school got him excited. not going to school got him excited. &gt;&gt; That was so funny. He loves school, but &gt;&gt; That was so funny. He loves school, but &gt;&gt; That was so funny. He loves school, but I think that was just like uh that was I think that was just like uh that was I think that was just like uh that was just funny. Yeah. just funny. Yeah. just funny. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, my sister is here and originally she &gt;&gt; So, my sister is here and originally she &gt;&gt; So, my sister is here and originally she was just going to take Oliver to the was just going to take Oliver to the was just going to take Oliver to the science center, but she's going to take science center, but she's going to take science center, but she's going to take them both to the science center. We have them both to the science center. We have them both to the science center. We have some uh errands that we have to actually some uh errands that we have to actually some uh errands that we have to actually run and then we'll be back. So, run and then we'll be back. So, run and then we'll be back. So, &gt;&gt; we'll be back. &gt;&gt; we'll be back. &gt;&gt; we'll be back. &gt;&gt; And yeah, so he's going to the science &gt;&gt; And yeah, so he's going to the science &gt;&gt; And yeah, so he's going to the science center, baby. center, baby. center, baby. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; We we did our little errands. Um, I &gt;&gt; We we did our little errands. Um, I &gt;&gt; We we did our little errands. Um, I wanted to show you something. Let me see wanted to show you something. Let me see wanted to show you something. Let me see if I can get some better light. But I if I can get some better light. But I if I can get some better light. But I got my lashes done and I had to switch got my lashes done and I had to switch got my lashes done and I had to switch my day. So, normally I would get my my day. So, normally I would get my my day. So, normally I would get my lashes done with Oriana, but because I lashes done with Oriana, but because I lashes done with Oriana, but because I had to switch my day, I got my lashes had to switch my day, I got my lashes had to switch my day, I got my lashes done with Jasmine this time. And she done with Jasmine this time. And she done with Jasmine this time. And she said, "Why don't we try brown lashes?" said, "Why don't we try brown lashes?" said, "Why don't we try brown lashes?" And I was like, "Oh, yeah. I talked And I was like, "Oh, yeah. I talked And I was like, "Oh, yeah. I talked about this um sorry, a while back." And about this um sorry, a while back." And about this um sorry, a while back." And I just I had I just didn't do it. I I just I had I just didn't do it. I I just I had I just didn't do it. I don't know why I didn't do it, but we don't know why I didn't do it, but we don't know why I didn't do it, but we did brown lashes. And look, I don't know did brown lashes. And look, I don't know did brown lashes. And look, I don't know if you can see, if you can see, if you can see, but they feel like more natural closer but they feel like more natural closer but they feel like more natural closer to my actual like my brow color. My to my actual like my brow color. My to my actual like my brow color. My natural lashes are blonde, so they just natural lashes are blonde, so they just natural lashes are blonde, so they just feel like less intense. I don't really feel like less intense. I don't really feel like less intense. I don't really do like, you know, super intense lashes do like, you know, super intense lashes do like, you know, super intense lashes anyway. They're very natural, but like anyway. They're very natural, but like anyway. They're very natural, but like even more natural now that they're even more natural now that they're even more natural now that they're brown. brown. brown. What do you think? Can you see it? I What do you think? Can you see it? I What do you think? Can you see it? I love it. I think it looks great. love it. I think it looks great. love it. I think it looks great. So, I don't know. Just wanted to let you So, I don't know. Just wanted to let you So, I don't know. Just wanted to let you know. But now we're back home. We have know. But now we're back home. We have know. But now we're back home. We have to film a couple of things. We have a to film a couple of things. We have a to film a couple of things. We have a few Instagram ads that we need to film. few Instagram ads that we need to film. few Instagram ads that we need to film. Um, we're working with Avaron, which we Um, we're working with Avaron, which we Um, we're working with Avaron, which we love them so much. We have their love them so much. We have their love them so much. We have their treadmill, their rower. Um, they also treadmill, their rower. Um, they also treadmill, their rower. Um, they also offer a bike. We don't have the bike offer a bike. We don't have the bike offer a bike. We don't have the bike because we have a bike from another because we have a bike from another because we have a bike from another company already, but um, yeah, they have company already, but um, yeah, they have company already, but um, yeah, they have those three options. And we really love those three options. And we really love those three options. And we really love our rower and our treadmill. Tim uses our rower and our treadmill. Tim uses our rower and our treadmill. Tim uses the rower every morning. I use the the rower every morning. I use the the rower every morning. I use the treadmill and I'm trying to get more treadmill and I'm trying to get more treadmill and I'm trying to get more like a real set schedule. I think it's like a real set schedule. I think it's like a real set schedule. I think it's like hard for me to like really tie down like hard for me to like really tie down like hard for me to like really tie down a schedule, but that's one of my goals a schedule, but that's one of my goals a schedule, but that's one of my goals this year was to like this is when I'm this year was to like this is when I'm this year was to like this is when I'm doing it and stick to it. So doing it and stick to it. So doing it and stick to it. So anyway, let's go upstairs and film this anyway, let's go upstairs and film this anyway, let's go upstairs and film this ad. But that's what we're doing. The ad. But that's what we're doing. The ad. But that's what we're doing. The kids are on their way back, so we need kids are on their way back, so we need kids are on their way back, so we need to try to get this done before they get to try to get this done before they get to try to get this done before they get home home home so that Oliver can have his nap because so that Oliver can have his nap because so that Oliver can have his nap because our like the guest room where the our like the guest room where the our like the guest room where the workout equipment is is right next to workout equipment is is right next to workout equipment is is right next to Oliver's room. So, it' be a little bit Oliver's room. So, it' be a little bit Oliver's room. So, it' be a little bit loud for him, but loud for him, but loud for him, but let's do this. This is also where I keep let's do this. This is also where I keep let's do this. This is also where I keep my depot stuff. my depot stuff. my depot stuff. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; Look at you working out. &gt;&gt; Look at you working out. &gt;&gt; Look at you working out. &gt;&gt; Not right now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not right now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not right now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. I've been using this guy. &gt;&gt; Yes. I've been using this guy. &gt;&gt; Yes. I've been using this guy. &gt;&gt; I know. I was just telling them. in the &gt;&gt; I know. I was just telling them. in the &gt;&gt; I know. I was just telling them. in the morning. morning. morning. &gt;&gt; Do I look like a rower? &gt;&gt; Do I look like a rower? &gt;&gt; Do I look like a rower? &gt;&gt; You do, actually. You look like a rower. &gt;&gt; You do, actually. You look like a rower. &gt;&gt; You do, actually. You look like a rower. &gt;&gt; Is this how rowers stand? &gt;&gt; Is this how rowers stand? &gt;&gt; Is this how rowers stand? &gt;&gt; I think so. If I've ever seen a rower, &gt;&gt; I think so. If I've ever seen a rower, &gt;&gt; I think so. If I've ever seen a rower, that's what they look like. that's what they look like. that's what they look like. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; There was a thing that I saw one time &gt;&gt; There was a thing that I saw one time &gt;&gt; There was a thing that I saw one time about a guy who was trying to like they about a guy who was trying to like they about a guy who was trying to like they say that it's it's hard, maybe not say that it's it's hard, maybe not say that it's it's hard, maybe not impossible, for you to swing your arm impossible, for you to swing your arm impossible, for you to swing your arm forward on the same side that your legs forward on the same side that your legs forward on the same side that your legs going forward when you're walking or going forward when you're walking or going forward when you're walking or when you're running. And so a guy was when you're running. And so a guy was when you're running. And so a guy was like trying to do it while he was like trying to do it while he was like trying to do it while he was walking around the room because his he walking around the room because his he walking around the room because his he had like heard it once and so for the had like heard it once and so for the had like heard it once and so for the rest of the day he was trying to walk rest of the day he was trying to walk rest of the day he was trying to walk like that cuz that's what guys do. like that cuz that's what guys do. like that cuz that's what guys do. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. It's later on. I think &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. It's later on. I think &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. It's later on. I think we're going to end the vlog here. We we're going to end the vlog here. We we're going to end the vlog here. We &gt;&gt; We saw a coyote. &gt;&gt; We saw a coyote. &gt;&gt; We saw a coyote. &gt;&gt; We did. That was they that was in the &gt;&gt; We did. That was they that was in the &gt;&gt; We did. That was they that was in the beginning of the video. But um yeah, I'm beginning of the video. But um yeah, I'm beginning of the video. But um yeah, I'm going to make some dinner. The So going to make some dinner. The So going to make some dinner. The So because Jackson has school tomorrow, he because Jackson has school tomorrow, he because Jackson has school tomorrow, he said he wants pizza tonight. So they're said he wants pizza tonight. So they're said he wants pizza tonight. So they're going to have pizza. I'm going to make going to have pizza. I'm going to make going to have pizza. I'm going to make some salmon from um one of our butcher some salmon from um one of our butcher some salmon from um one of our butcher boxes sent us salmon. So, I'm going to boxes sent us salmon. So, I'm going to boxes sent us salmon. So, I'm going to do that. do that. do that. &gt;&gt; I do not like salmon. &gt;&gt; I do not like salmon. &gt;&gt; I do not like salmon. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I'm going to eat &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I'm going to eat &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I'm going to eat &gt;&gt; I'm going to have pizza. &gt;&gt; I'm going to have pizza. &gt;&gt; I'm going to have pizza. &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to make salmon. I'm just &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to make salmon. I'm just &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to make salmon. I'm just going to do like a little salmon bake going to do like a little salmon bake going to do like a little salmon bake and the boys are going to have pizza. and the boys are going to have pizza. and the boys are going to have pizza. Unless Oliver wants to try the salmon. Unless Oliver wants to try the salmon. Unless Oliver wants to try the salmon. &gt;&gt; I don't want this. &gt;&gt; I don't want this. &gt;&gt; I don't want this. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. So, yeah. I hope you &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. So, yeah. I hope you &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. So, yeah. I hope you guys enjoyed hanging out with us this guys enjoyed hanging out with us this guys enjoyed hanging out with us this week and seeing what we got up to. And week and seeing what we got up to. And week and seeing what we got up to. And um it was kind of a random, you know, um it was kind of a random, you know, um it was kind of a random, you know, video, but there you go. So, be on the video, but there you go. So, be on the video, but there you go. So, be on the lookout for some more theme park videos lookout for some more theme park videos lookout for some more theme park videos from us. You told us what you wanted to from us. You told us what you wanted to from us. You told us what you wanted to see from us on Instagram. So, we're see from us on Instagram. So, we're see from us on Instagram. So, we're going to write all of those down so that going to write all of those down so that going to write all of those down so that we can do all the stuff you guys wanted we can do all the stuff you guys wanted we can do all the stuff you guys wanted to see. And then, what do you want us to to see. And then, what do you want us to to see. And then, what do you want us to do this year? do this year? do this year? &gt;&gt; Eat a lot of pizza. &gt;&gt; Eat a lot of pizza. &gt;&gt; Eat a lot of pizza. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; well, we're going to do that tonight. &gt;&gt; well, we're going to do that tonight. &gt;&gt; well, we're going to do that tonight. &gt;&gt; All right, we did it, you guys. &gt;&gt; All right, we did it, you guys. &gt;&gt; All right, we did it, you guys. &gt;&gt; 26 accomplished. &gt;&gt; 26 accomplished. &gt;&gt; 26 accomplished. &gt;&gt; All right, so thank you guys so much for &gt;&gt; All right, so thank you guys so much for &gt;&gt; All right, so thank you guys so much for watching today's video. And um I hope watching today's video. And um I hope watching today's video. And um I hope you guys had a great beginning of the you guys had a great beginning of the you guys had a great beginning of the year. I hope you guys had a great week. year. I hope you guys had a great week. year. I hope you guys had a great week. All right, thank you guys so much for All right, thank you guys so much for All right, thank you guys so much for watching. And I can't believe two of our watching. And I can't believe two of our watching. And I can't believe two of our lemon pigs lost their pennies today. Tim lemon pigs lost their pennies today. Tim lemon pigs lost their pennies today. Tim still hasn't had his good luck, but still hasn't had his good luck, but still hasn't had his good luck, but Jackson had his. So, um, there you go. Jackson had his. So, um, there you go. Jackson had his. So, um, there you go. Let us, how are your lemon pigs doing? Let us, how are your lemon pigs doing? Let us, how are your lemon pigs doing? Did you lose any pennies yet? All right, Did you lose any pennies yet? All right, Did you lose any pennies yet? All right, we will see you guys soon with another we will see you guys soon with another we will see you guys soon with another video. Thank you so much for watching. video. Thank you so much for watching. video. Thank you so much for watching. Um, with that being said, we are off. Um, with that being said, we are off. Um, with that being said, we are off. We'll see you I don't know about We'll see you I don't know about We'll see you I don't know about tomorrow, but we will see you soon with tomorrow, but we will see you soon with tomorrow, but we will see you soon with the video. And now it's time to pay the the video. And now it's time to pay the the video. And now it's time to pay the price.
