---
video_id: J9sV0dDUQPw
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Royal Caribbean's NEW Paradise Island Beach Club, Hibachi Dinner & Day 2 On Utopia Of The Seas!"
published: 2026-01-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9sV0dDUQPw
---
Good morning from day two of our Royal Caribbean Utopia of the Seas cruise. Wanted to say thank you to Be Our Guest Vacations for hosting us on this trip and also really helping us plan out everything that we did on this ship. And if you're interested in having somebody help you plan out your next vacation at no additional charge, be sure to check the down below for Be Our Guest Vacations. Today we are in Nassau, Bahamas. We're going to go do some exploring around the ship. We're going to go check out the kids areas. Also, I'm going to go into the brand new beach club area of Nassau on Paradise Island that is exclusive to Royal Caribbean. And also, we're going to eat dinner at the Habachi restaurant. So, let's go get the day started. Good morning from day two as we are pulling into Nassau Bahamas. I'm excited because we're do some exploring on the ship today and I think we might try to do the they have a new area in Nassau in like collaboration with the Nassau government. It's called the uh the beach club and so you can get a pass for it. There's a non-alcoholic one for $175 and then there's an open bar version for $230. And the way that that works is you're paying for the beach pass. Like you're paying to get into the area on the on Nassau here, but they wanted to differentiate because it is unlimited food and drinks. So you can either get unlimited food and non-alcoholic drinks or unlimited food and alcoholic drinks. I think that it's an interesting place. I want I'm excited to see it. But I think that the real value is for those of you guys that would be out there doing some drinking because $230 gets you on this is per person gets you onto the island or gets you on into the area and then you get unlimited food and it says open bar. So if you are somebody who is excited about an open bar, it might be a good deal for you. You can see we're pulling into port right now. And the good news is with the room that we're in, I believe that we're doing a full 360 right now and we're going to back into our spot. So, we should be able to see the beach club area just out right outside of our balcony. And I can kind of show you guys a little bit better what we're talking about. Also, the seas are calm today. This is probably the smoothest entrance into Nassau that we've ever had on a cruise. Good morning. What you guys doing? So, this uh cruise line, it's it's not like Disney because they don't have the like the Disney on demand stuff. They do have the Junior Cruisers on demand like on their TV. So, we're watching the classic movie Space Dogs. What? They're like Russian dogs who go to space. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. So, the beach club is starting to come into view right over here. It's funny because we beat the wish here. I think the wish should be coming in right behind us. No. Yeah, the wish is just right behind us out there. Coming in as Nassau. So, I guess there is two slips. So, I think we're going to be on the other side. So, we will be able to see all of the the beach club there cuz we should be on the outside slip over here and then the wish will come in and be kind of right there. Also, it's a beautiful morning out, isn't it? Oh, wild. Nassau is kind of full right now. So, you got the Carnival Sunrise. We got the Liberty of the Seas and the Vision of the Seas. Wait, it also says that the Radiance of the Seas is here, too. Am I missing something? I'm only seeing three cruise ships over here. Oh, the Radiance of the Seas is on the other side. Is that little tiny ship called the Radiance of the Seas? So, this area is actually still owned by the Bahamas, but they work in conjunction with Royal Caribbean. An interesting thing about that is we're going to dock here at the port, and then we have to take a ferry over to this little area because it is on a separate island. Actually, you can see the bridge over there. separates the two islands like Nassau over here and then this island out here. And this island is called Paradise Island. Should also mention that this area is brand new. It opened on December 23rd. First guests came on December 23rd and today is only January 13th. So just just brand brand new. And just like that, the Disney Wish has come into view out there. And we can also start to see the Radiance of the Seas right there. So I think we will park next to the Radiance of the Seas. Oh, also, uh I said it was 175 per adult for the non-alcoholic package. Uh it's 145 per child. And then children under four are free. And there are a few extras that you can add onto your day out there like cabanas, uh dayb beds. They also have something called the party deck. And I think we're going to try to go onto this area here. We're going to buy a pass to it and go out there just so I can figure out what some of these things are. Like the party deck, I don't know what the party deck is. There's also two docks that they can f you over to. There's the family and chill pier and then there's the party pier. So depending on which mood you're in, if you're ready to go over there and chill or if you're ready to go over there and party, you pick which pier you go to. You can walk between the two areas, but it's just like you would be closer to those areas depending on which pier you came into. Now we're starting to get a better view of it as we're getting a little bit closer. You can see lots and lots of beach umbrellas and beach chairs out there. And then you've got some slides. There's like a slide there from the top of that building right there. And then there's a pool out here with some more chairs and umbrellas around it. I should also mention this is fully out in the ocean, so there are waves that you'll experience on the beach. You can already hear some music coming from out there. Almost sounds like a band doing a a sound check. Yeah, I can see some like mic stands and stuff like that down there. Oh, this guy's waving at us. Oh, he's doing a little dance. Let's wave back. Hello. I want that guy's job. sitting outside wearing a fun hat and doing a little dance. So, we showed you guys this pool earlier. And there's also another pool over here. Oh, maybe that's the party deck up there. You see how there's like another deck up above the pool? Maybe that's the Or that could be cabanas, too. Let me see if I see any other cabanas. Your cab. Here's the cabanas over here. Oh, there's like uh three of them. About three per pack. Just kidding. There's way more than three. One thing I will say about Royal Caribbean, they turn the music up. They're ready for you to party. Like we can hear the music from whatever sound system is playing down there way up here. Oh, it's a swim up bar. You guys can kind of see how the people are kind of recessed down a little bit from the pool. So, this is just a little area with a swim up bar. And there's another pool next to it right there. And it's still going cuz there's one more pool down here. Trying to see if I can differentiate where it stops because it looks like there's just houses over here. I mean, just based off of the music, I believe that this would be the party pier because there's like a band down there and there's like some music happening here and this is the swim up bar. And then I would imagine maybe down here would be the chill pier and the family pier. There's another pool right there. So, how many pools is that? One, two, three, four, five pools. Yeah, I think we're definitely going to go on shore and we'll get the non-alcoholic drink package, beach pass. Go down. We'll try some of the food. We'll see about the drinks and we'll see how it works. Should be noted that the prices that I told you guys for the beach club are for the majority of the time that you're at port. So, gang way comes down at 9:30. The beach club opens up at 10:00. Gang way up at 5:30. And I'm sure they would probably kick you guys off of the beach club at around 5 to try to get everybody back to the ship by 5:30. So, pretty good amount of time that you have on that little beach club area. Another amenity for the beach club that you guys might be interested in is that it does include unlimited high-speed Wi-Fi. So, if you guys hadn't purchased Wi-Fi on the ship and you wanted to have a day of like relaxing on the beach and using Wi-Fi and getting unlimited food and drink might be the way to go when you're in Nassau. So, today I think we're going to like divide and conquer. So, I'm going to take the kids with my sister to go do the kids stuff around the ship cuz we want to make sure that we're showing you what families can do on this ship as well cuz that's something that we were always interested in is like would this be good for kids. So, we're going to go like investigate and explore all of those things. Tim is going to go to the allnew Royal Beach Club. Sorry, I didn't know the name of it. It's that new. It just opened. Like this little strip of land here at the Nassau Port. You I'm sure you've seen it before. It's the one with the lighthouse at the very end. It looks pretty cool. This is exclusive to the Royal Caribbean uh umbrella of ships. The water looks so beautiful and the weather is so nice today. It's not too hot. It's not too cold. So, I think it's going to be really beautiful. Interested. Yeah. I'm going to go to that pier and I'm going to walk all the way down as far as I can. It looks like I see people on the beach down there. Yeah. Maybe not as far as I can. I'll go on the beach a little bit away from people, but I'm not going to go like out to the lighthouse. No. Am I That's a pretty good hike. We'll see. I'll see. We'll see how far it is, too. You got your hiking shoes on? I got my hiking shoes on. I got my So, you're going to go do that? All right. So, they just made the announcement that we actually made it like onshore a little bit early. So, it's 8:52 and they've already started to put the gang ways down. So, people can go on shore right now. But, we are going to breakfast at Coastal Kitchen, which is exclusive to the suite level rooms. Yeah, buddy. So, what is it? Uh, it is included with the suite, so it's not an extra charge or anything, but it is an elevated dining experience. So, like we showed you guys last night, Coastal Kitchen, the sweet lounge right next to each other. So, we're going to have breakfast over here. Good morning. But they also have like light bites available here. muesli, strawberry parfait, blueberry parfait, different meats and cheeses and uh salmon as well as donuts, croissants, chocolate croissants, cinnamon rolls, and fruit danishes. And they have juices, orange juice and water, and orange infused water. So, here's a look at what they have here on the menu. Let get you guys some fruit moves. Oh, yeah. I asked I asked Oliver what he wanted. I said, "Do you want to have a pancake?" And he goes, "Do they have a Mickey waffles?" Oh, no. My arm's getting close here. Let's see. They do have pancakes and French toast. They don't have any waffles, though. I know. I saw that. Maybe not today, cuz it does change. Or at least the dinner menu changes every night. Kids are starting out their breakfast with some Froot Loops. Look at this. What is it? Uh-oh. Oh no. Is it broken or is it together? You have you have a green crayon underneath your fingernails still from last night. That's just to remember our lovely dinner from last night. How'd you sleep? Really good. Me, too. That bed very comfortable. You slept really good, too. So, we ordered the kids pancakes that they got. They're nice and fluffy. I think we also got it with sausage and bacon. And they got the Froot Loops. Yeah. And then Jen got the Mediterranean plate, pantomat. Okay. some pushcido, hummus, olives, and manego. It's pretty good. What do you dip in the hummus? Whatever you want. Yeah, this is cheese. Here's my eggs benedict with this is this is Jackson's toast that he said he didn't want. And then I got the bacon. The bacon looks really good. And then I got a little hash brown. Look at that little tiny hash brown. I got the Baja eggs. It has poached egg, like a little avocado mixture, salsa, sour cream, and bacon. And then I just asked for hot sauce on the side. So I asked for it medium. So that's a medium coached. Yeah. I asked for mine. What did I say? Soft. Soft. Oh yeah. Look at that. All right. So like we said, we are splitting up and I'm heading down to the island. Thing that's interesting is I haven't bought my ticket onto uh the beach club, the Royal Beach Club yet. So pre-sales closed as soon as we docked. So they told me that all I have to do is go down and get off the boat or get off the ship and tap my key and I should be able to charge me there. So we'll see how it goes. I'm going down to deck two where the gang way is. So, the way the elevators work is interesting because you push it and it tells you, oh, it says main dang gang way deck three, but I pushed two already. I'm going to go down to two and see what it says. But do I want to do this? There's like an escalator down, I guess. Okay, I'll go to three. But I think another passenger told us that you have to push the button for your floor for each member of your party. So, like just cuz I'm one, I push one and that way the elevator doesn't get over full. We did find out that this isn't automatic. They just come in with like a big magnet or something like pull it out and put the new one in every day at midnight. So, I am on 18 and now I'm headed down to three is the one that I'm going to. We got a long ways down. Yeah, deck three is the one that you want to come to cuz here you can check out towels and you can buy water and thing to bring on. But here it is. It says exit gang way this way just past main dining. Oh, yeah. But then we go down to deck two down the stairs. So, you probably take the elevator down to deck two. Let me just check and see if they have towels here on deck two as well. So, I didn't see any towels on deck two. So, deck three is where you can get towels. We've gotten off the ship, but I'm not sure where to go. There was no signage or anything. Uh, I'll find it, though. Let's see what we can do. There it is. The Utopia of the Seas and I found our first sign. There it is. We're heading that way cuz I can see the boats over there. So, I think we just kind of figure it out over there. Get checked in. There's the wish. So, those of you guys that are familiar with the Disney ships, the Wish class is the largest set of ships from the Disney fleet. So, this is the one we're on right now. This is the Utopia of the Seas in comparison to the Wish. Doesn't the Wish look very tiny compared to the Utopia of the Seas? And it looks tiny because Utopia of the Seas currently the third largest cruise ship in the world. The other two are also Royal Caribbean. That's the Icon and the Star. Those are just a little bit bigger than the Utopia of the Seas. So, now we kind of pulled off to the side and we're heading over to Royal Beach Club. So, I did it. I paid my 175 and they're letting me onto the ferry. So, they did give me a wristband when I checked in and this says that I have the unlimited non-alcoholic package. And away we go. Whose yacht is the seven seas? This thing is huge. There was It was like a 30-second boat ride over to the island. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, I came to the first pier and off to the right over here is where you can check in for your day beds and cabanas in the party deck. And there's a towel hut here where you can get towels. Lots of beach here. There's already a bar over there. Uh this is a medical hut right here. And lots and lots of uh chairs. Okay, so we got off on the chill pier. This is the chill beach and then everything else is that way. So we can see here just Cabana. Oh, we can go Miami. I don't think we can walk to Miami. Cabana check in this way. Everything else Paradise Grill, Chill Beach is straight ahead of us. Family beach and pool and party cover that way. Also, as soon as we come in, there's a bathroom right here. And I like their little like bathroom guy. He's like, I got to go to the bathroom. So, they have the swimming area kind of roped off out there in the ocean, but they also do have life available for you to use if you'd like to. And they have freshwater showers, too, for when you come out. So, the first spot that we come to is Paradise Grill, Grab That Grub, and Catch of the Chill. So, over here at Paradise Grill, you can get cheeseburgers, a veggie burger, like a mushroom burger, shrimp skewers, crispy fish sandwich, chicken tender wrap, chicken tenders, fire engine fritters, but there's corn beef with ooey gooey cheese. What in the world? I'm going to have to try those. It's crack sauce, uh, tropical salad, and then you've got sides. You got mac and cheese, sllo, kids mac and cheese, and French fries. It seems like all three windows are the same, so you can just get whatever you want from any of the windows. Also, still maintaining hygiene, they do have a handwash station right here. Also, a little section here with some desserts. You got banana bread and a guava duff. They also have some juices and waters. You got mango or tropical mango water, strawberry, kiwi, and they have various fruits here as well. Oh, and soft serve ice cream. That's what I'm all about right there. You got vanilla and pineapple. We go. I got those Firehouse fritters and then I got the the Paradise Island burger. It's okay. It's like a quick serve burger, you know. Crack sauce is good. American cheese on it. Lettuce and tomato. It is like grilled. It's a grilled burger. So, it does have that like char grilled flavor to it. And that's good. Dropped it on my pants. A pretty decent burger. And I'm gonna try one of these firehouse fritters now. Well, they're like well done. Dip it in some crack sauce here. That's ridiculously good. What was in that? I have to look again. Corn beef and cheese. The crack sauce has a little bit of a kick to it. It's good. It's a windy day, so you'll have to excuse the wind noise. But here it is. This is the beach. Like I said back on the ship, it will be a little bit more wavy and a little bit more rough out here on this side of the island because this island is a barrier island for Nassau. So we have another bar right here. This is a full bar and if you get the unlimited drink package, everything is included, but there's also a pool here with a swim up bar. So if you're in the pool, you can swim right up to this bar right here. How's it going? Yeah. Thank you. And I like that this uh pool kind of like looks over the ocean here. Look at the menu at this bar. These are some of their specialties. They can make anything, but see, these are some of their specialties. All right. I asked the bartender. He said those were the prices, but if you have the limited drink, those are included. Little section here of local artisans selling various goods. Here at the towel hut, they also have uh sunscreen and cooling lotion available. And they also have a board that lists all of the different boarding times and gang way up times for the ships. Nobody over here in this section of the pool. And watch every once in a while a big splash comes up from the waves. Oh, and there are cabanas. That's why this section of the pool was empty is because there it's in front of the cabanas. Little section of beach here with just some uh with some anorand chairs. You had somebody coming around taking orders for people's drinks and everything. And then Paradise Island right here. What is this behind these walls? Oh, like an interesting little section of beach right here. Wow. Okay. Well, this is an interesting little natural uh feature. Man, I'd love to know more information about this. It seems like this is an original structure that was here before they started building all the new stuff around. And this is an old sign that says Paradise Island. Like maybe this was the welcoming area that led you to Paradise Island. Because this whole this whole entire island right here is called Paradise Island. You can see Atlantis down there at the end of the at the end of the island. Judging from the thumping base, I believe that we have headed to the uh the party section. At this bar, there's a little like a water tap where you can get ice cold water. More places to buy souvenirs. Yeah, this part's intense. The music definitely kicked up. There's three different pools here. There's one here, one in the center, and one just past it. The one in the center has a swim up bar and also the party deck up above it. There's a live DJ up there. Holy cow. So, you can see they are like infinity pools. So, it looks like Whoa, look at that. So, it looks like you're like in the ocean, but also I wanted to point out that this pool has a swim up bar here and then it cuts through and then you can also swim to the bar out here and still have that affinity effect with the ocean off in the distance. I hope he does it again. He just like blasted out some smoke from his DJ booth. What? That's a party right there. TJ Blaze. I'm just realizing now that each of the bars has a name. This one's called the Loose Anchor. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. I just like I'm not like a like a big drinker or party person, but like feeling the vibes here. Feeling good. DJ Blaze is bringing in the party. There's another pool over here. This one's a little bit less crowded, but still you get the music pumping in and the drinks can be ordered around here. There is no swim up bar at the outside, too. There's a swim up bar in the middle one over here at this towel hut. I'm going to have to do some investigation and see if all of the towel huts have lockers behind them, but it seems like these might be included here. Let's see. So, you just can lock your stuff in a locker. I think they're complimentary. They are complimentary lockers. Drink up, Mr. Tipsy. Ready for rum? Come to another food location. Let's see if Oh, the food's all the same here. Let's see what the names of these are. Bohemian by birth, saucy by choice. Okay. Catch fish, not feelings. This is just another paradise grill. Ladies and gentlemen, I am in heaven. They have found it. They have chocolate chip cookies at this one. Let's get a chocolate chip cookie. Let's see how it is. Cookies on the beach. Let's give a cookie a try. The beachiness of it adds to the flavor. This is a good cookie. This is better than any cookies I had on the ship. And better than the Disney Cruise Line cookies, too. I know that might be a hot take, but a good cookie. We just passed Party Cove. Now we're heading towards the Family Beach. But one thing I wanted to show is that little walkway down here where we can come down kind of a quieter area. I don't know what this is used for. Oh, this is the other pier. Okay. And then we could walk this way, which we'll do a little bit later. There's a big photo op, and I'll see if I can show it to you guys as we get down here. You can just barely see it poking through the trees right there. But that's the crown and anchor. We're going to go back up on the main walkway here and then we'll get back to that in just a minute. But we also have Utopia of the Seas right behind us here. Did also want to mention like we're uh remarkably fast for Wi-Fi over here. 89 megs down and 150 up. So if you wanted to do some work, this is the place to come. So we made it over to the family section. There's nobody in this pool. What is happening? Everybody's over at the party pool. There's little beds in the pool. There's a zero entry pool with some little fountains for the kids. There's cabanas over here. This is where you want to be. There's also a swim up bar over there. Oh, I guess the pool's closed right now. Oh, that makes sense. So, somebody had a little accident in the pool, so they had to close it down. They said like 30, 45 minutes. They said about 12:15 it would reopen. It's 11:53 right now, so it's not a long time for it to be closed. So, that's why there's nobody in the pool. Passing by another bar. There was some live music that was happening earlier. Maybe they're just going to a little break right now. They'll start playing soon. There's a cabana over here called the ultimate family cabana. Two stories with a second story overlooking the ocean. Probably a view from up there is fantastic. Oh yeah, here it is. Here's the big photo op. The crown and anchor. I'm going to take a selfie with it. I don't know if I'll even be able to get myself or get the whole thing in the selfie. They also have beach strollers and beach wheelchairs available. Oh, there's the guy that I saw uh dancing on the pier. The little pirate guy. They're playing pirate hoops. Now we're officially in the family beach area past the family pool. I believe there's one more pool over here, but we've got another Paradise Grill. Belly to the boat. Soak up the spice. One more bar called High Tides. You can see there are a lot of open chairs down here. All the front row ones have been taken up. They got a basketball hoop out there. Some people playing basketball, some cornhole, little smoking section over here. Making our way towards the end of this strip of land that this uh the beach club occupies. And we're passing the cabanas now. Came over to check out the family cabanas. on the family beach. You get a little like shaded area with a fan in it, a good size couch. Got some plugs in here, too. You get a coffee table. Coffee table has a sand toys and stuff in it. Some sunscreen in there. And then you get some chairs, some umbrellas, and some beach louners. All with access to this beach. You're also very near a bar, and I'm sure that there is an attendant that can come over and serve you here from that bar. And you're also pretty close to the food here, too. Also, these cabanas are close to the bathrooms here. And just like that, we have reached the end of the walkway. I'm going to go out on the beach and see if I can go further on the beach. There's like a treehouse over there, but this is the end of the Royal Beach Club right here. And we'll look back at all of it in this direction. There was a guard that I talked to, like a lifeguard, and he said I said, "Is this as far down as I can go?" He said, "No, you can go further." So, we're just going to kind of walk a little bit, see where it takes us. Also, I need to put my foot my toes in the water and just feel how cold it is. Those you guys that don't know, it's very warm in the Bahamas, in the Caribbean, in the air. But the water does get cold down here in the winter. So, let me just get more of my foot in like my ankle. Let's see. It was kind of cold on my toes. Okay. Well, it's cold. I don't know. Somebody lost their cool dude sunglasses. I'm going to make up a quick story about them. Uh they were out jet skiing and that's how they lost them. They flew off their head while they were jet skiing. This is cool. I'd like to know the story. How did all these beach chairs get here? And what are they doing? This is so weird. And it feels almost dystopian. What is this stuff? Something magical about tide pools. I don't know what it is, but I love them so much. All right. This is the the lighthouse, the historic lighthouse that leads the ships in to Oh, there's a little swing over there. That's fun. Uh, that leads the ships into the harbor. So, it's like a little t pallet tied off with rope to a tree. I'm not going to sit on that. I feel like that would break in the instant that I sat down on it. What animal is this? Are these dog footprints? Yeah, I guess so. Huh. Wonder if that was somebody's dog or if it was just a dog. We made it back over to the cabanas. And this last one has sand toys and a like a fun hanging chair and a sink and a cooler full of sodas and stuff. Oh, those are full of beers. Oh my goodness. As I was walking back, I just realized the ultimate family cabana has a slide that comes down to the first level from the second level down to the first level. They have some Royal Beach Club Paradise Island merch. A magnetic bottle opener. The seas are rough today. Look at this one. Oh, this is pretty darn exciting. I could watch this all day long. There's another little family section over here where they've got like axe throwing and like star throwing as well as some bean bag toss over here. The uh the sand sculpture that we saw when we first showed up. I just noticed the back side of it says happy holidays. Welcome to paradise from Royal Caribbean. I made it back over to the dock and I didn't I just realized I didn't go as far as I could that way. Let's see how much further we can go. Oh, there's some more cabanas down here. I feel like nobody went this way. There's a bathroom over here. There are some people down there on the beach. I'm going to get as far as I can and see if it like is clearer down there. Maybe there's more chairs available. This might be a good tip for you guys to head in this direction to the right when you get off the uh the the ferry boat. Well, maybe not cuz this seems like it's exactly like the other way where it just ends in cabanas. So, you can't there's no real like beach access here. You can walk down to the beach and walk down along the beach this way, but for the most part, this is like cabana access to the beach. Yeah, it just kind of ends on Cabana 29. But yeah, even though this is like cabana beach access, I'm sure you could still come down here and kind of hang out in this section of the beach. And I want to show you guys the cabanas over here. Very similar to the ones we saw on the other side of the island. And just like the other side of the island, this is a public beach area over here. So you could walk down there, but there are houses here and you'd be walking like you could still do it. Like it is a public beach, but there are houses here. So just be prepared for that. I just realized that there's a TV and music in here as well. All right, let's head back to the ferry and head back to the ship. There's ladies weren't out here when we were over there, but there's some ladies dancing up on the party deck with the DJ. Sharks playing, no swimming. One more small bit of information before we head back to the ship. They do drop you off on the other side of uh security. So, you are in the straw market here on Nassau. do a little bit of shopping before you head back to the ship. I wanted to show you guys the Christmas tree here on Nassau. Headed back to the Utopia of the Seas. Came to the front of the ship because I was like, "Oh, I'll get a name with or I'll get a photo with the name of the ship." Uh, no. It's huge. There's no way. Also, there's a door in the middle of it. And also this uh building of some kind, so I can just get seas. All right, so we're out here on the um the sweet deck. And it's so quiet. I really thought that it would be like just jam-packed full of people, but there are tons of free sunbeds, tons of free chairs. The bar is open. The little waiting pool still had little loungers open in it. I was kind of shocked. We are going to actually head over to the mini golf with the kids. So, my sister and I are going to go do all the fun kids stuff. People are playing pickle ball. I mean, it's like very active out here. Oh, somebody's on the flow rider. Wow, that's cool. That looks awesome. But this deck is beautiful. I'm coming, bud. And I love these chairs. Oh my gosh. Okay, we're headed out to the sports zone. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah, the pool. There's tons of chairs at the pool. That's awesome. I think this is the place where you can get burritos. So, we're actually next to the Wish right now. And Jackson just goes at Disney. at Disney. This is a hard one to start out with, I think. So, I'm going to give you an overview of golf course. All the holes are numbered here on the jellyfish. So, we're on the first one. I got to say, this one's tough. This is a tricky one. All right. Let's see. You got to get it in the oyster. Let's see. Did you get it? A hole in one. So, I have to say this golfing um track. No, it's not a golfing track. What do you call this? This golf course, that's what it's called. I think is much better than the one on the Fantasy and the Dream on the Disney ships. They're I think they're themed a little bit more. It's a little bit more like um extravagantly themed. Is that the word? It's It's pretty cool though. I don't know where it went, buddy. Oh, it did. And then right on the other side here is a dry playground, which I think is pretty awesome that they have a dry area as well. So, it is a nine-hole course and this is completely free. It is included. You just come pick up your ball, pick up your golf club. They have clubs for adults and clubs for kids. And then you just go. There's no way to keep score. They don't have any pencils or papers, but I think you just come here, have a little fun, have a friendly little wager of uh whoever loses has to get the ice cream, but the ice cream's free at Sprinkles. Right. So, now we're taking the kids over to the Utopia Playscape, which is like the dry playground. There's a couple of slides. This big lighthouse slide is closed currently, but the other climbing structures are open. There's like this ropes kind of a climbing area. Some smaller climbing things for the little ones. Some Oh, you can play like connect four, but it's connect three. Little puzzles. counting. There's a little climbing wall, a climbing rope structure. Jackson's in there. Let me see. Are you going to try to climb it, buddy? Oh, you're doing great. I hope you got it. And then right next to the Flow Rider, they have the sports courts. This is where we saw people playing pickle ball earlier. Now we've got some people playing basketball. There is so much for everybody to do on this ship. There's no way we're going to be able to do it all. I think that's something you just have to know that you cannot do everything. If you want to try to do everything, you just got to make another you got to come back and do another cruise. I think there's even some table tennis right over here as well. And it's enclosed so you won't lose your ball, which is nice. So, this is today's drink special is the port side punch with rum, Malibu, peach nubs, and uh punch. Oh, is that it? White rum? Is it just liquor? Oh, I don't know. Oh, this one looks a little scary. All right, so I wanted to check out the Loco Fresh, which is where you can get the quesadillas, burritos, and tacos. They smell very good. So, you can get tacos with pulled pork, beef carnitas, or chicken carnitas, rice and beans. They have pre-made beef burritos and chicken burritos, as well as quesadillas. They have a chicken quesadilla and a cheese quesadilla. And then you can make your own nachos with tortilla chips, chili beef, and cheese, queso sauce, dessert case, as well as just some fresh fruit. They also had some fruit punch over here that was free and your toppings bar. So there's everything you would need for your tacos, your burritos, or your nachos. All right, so we came into the arcade and the kids. So we just tried to play the fantasy bowling. That's what Oliver wanted to play. It says, "Please wait." So, we're just waiting for the for the game to start, buddy. We played a little basketball, but there are tons of games in here. This is a pretty big size arcade. There's kind of a lot to do. Roll it hard. Fast. Roll it so fast. Oh, try again. Roll it a little bit faster. Yeah. What did you get? You got a strike. This game seems a little rigged. Good job. Whoa. What did you get? 4300. Wow. So, one of the games in here is called Key Master and you can win a podcasting kit. Every kid's dream prize. A podcasting kit. Jackson is playing the Dead Heat Unleashed racing game. He's racing. Actually, he's racing Oliver in Shanghai. So, let's see who's going to win. I think Jackson's in seventh. Oliver's in eighth. I know. Are you slipping, by the way? Oh, you're in fourth now, buddy. So, we played in the arcade for a little bit. It's about 11:50. We're going to check out Wind Jammers, which is the free buffet for lunch. We're going to see what we can get for lunch. They also have the Mason Jar, which is southern themed. This is an additional charge. It's really cute, though. I think it still might be brunch time. Yeah, we'll have to come back here. This place looks very cute. Right. So, we are here at the Wind Jmer for lunch. They've got some like a stir fry, a walk station. There are some burgers, fries, hot dogs, macaroni and cheese. They even have a fondue fountain here. Look at this. Oh my goodness. They do it for you, though, so everybody's not touching it, which is great. They've got some skewered fruits. The desserts actually look pretty good, although we weren't super impressed with them last night at the uh Central Park place, but they look good. Got some soups. Cream of broccoli. Beef consume. Oh my goodness. Carrot salad. Pesto tomato mozzarella salad. That sounds good. A little pasta station. These are the toppings for the burgers. Here they have some fried chicken. I will say the fried chicken has like pepper in the batter, so the kids were not eating it cuz it was a little bit too spicy. There's a salad station over here. They've got some good options for the salads and proteins, too. That's nice. some cookies. Oh, Tim's going to be uh missing the cookies there. I got to try. So, you guys specifically told me to try these coconut ranger cookies. So, I'm going to get one of those at the end of my meal today. They even have fruit and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Our kids won't eat jelly, though, so I wish they just had peanut butter. Sweet and sour chicken, rice, potatoes. Ooh, and Loho marinated pork chop. That sounds good. Over here, we've got the gluten-free station. So, there's some grilled fish, some broccoli, potatoes, mustard, orange sauce, and those pork chops. Ooh, roasted butternut squash, some fried fish, chips. Oh, no. What is this? Oh, pop it on. M vegetable curry, butter chicken. Oh, I'm going to get some butter chicken. Yeah, there's some some good options here. Vegetable barley, lamb navarian. I did get the kids some of this potatoes and carved chicken. So, let me show you what I ended up getting. I got some of the vegetable curry with white rice. I got some of the butter chicken, some fried fish, the butternut squash, the vegetable stir fry, some naan grilled fish. Butternut squash. You want to try my butternut squash? Jackson and I came out here to one of these fun little chairs and he played his Nintendo for a few minutes. I started reading my book. I'm reading The Nightigh House. Um, so far it's not like great, but I don't know. You never know. It might change. But I want ice cream. Oh, yeah. We're going to go down to Sprinkles to the soft serve ice cream place. Um, they also have toppings like sprinkles, so that's exciting. It's a little different from a Disney cruise, but we're going to And that's included, too. the um soft serve ice cream with the one topping the sprinkles. So, that's fun. We're going to go do that. We might do the carousel cuz I didn't get to ride the carousel with you yesterday. All right, we're going to get ice cream and walk through the park. There's also an art auction happening right now. So, this is really cool. They have like an actual food truck and this is all included. You can get a Chipotle chicken sandwich, a Mediterranean veggie wrap, rancherero, beef and cheese tornado. So it's almost like a taquito cheesecake chim cheese and pepper pepperoni for you. Interesting. So it's like a taquito kind of. So this is the kids splash pad area. It's actually so nice. There's a lot more to do for the kids in this splash pad area than there is on the Disney ship, which is so surprising to me. All right, so I'm going to get my sprinkles. My free sprinkles. Oh, over this, buddy. Over this. Over this. Over this. Over this vacation. Okay, thank you. All right, awesome. I just realized that the lime and the coconut bar is like a twostory bar. Pretty popular. And then this is a look down into Central Park. I feel like having a room overlooking Central Park would be nice cuz you still get the fresh air. I don't know. What day is it? Tuesday. How'd you know? Because it says That's pretty cool, huh? 18. And I'll tell you what, I really love the art around this ship. I want to play. There she is. What do you want to do? Pokemon. Oh, I checked already today. And the GPS can't reach through this gigantic ship. So, we can't play Pokémon on this ship. Well, that on the island. Did you find I didn't check on the island? I should have checked on the island. I'm sorry. We can do it like outside. Could have gotten some lounge. Oh, yeah. I have to say, I'm so glad we got these bands. Yeah. Best thing we did. Yeah. It let everybody on the island know that I was a tourist. I think they know. They know. Oh, they know. One of the things that we got was a um like a letter from the kids club saying like, "Jackson, we really want you to come and like experience this uh the glow-in-the-dark puppet show, like the black light puppet show." So, we're going to go see that today. But at the end of the letter, every single like youth activity person like signed their name, but they all have like silly names. And one of them's name is Stinky Toe. So, we're kind of like on a mission to try to find Stinky Toe. Checking out the sweet lounge. See what they've got. Is there nothing there? Oh, it's like apples and stuff. Yeah, it's cookies. Cookies. Oh, no. Chocolate chip cookies like they had on the island. They've got oatmeal raisin, coconut ranger, and lemon cookies. Sugar-free. And we are headed down the hallway on deck 14 cuz we are trying to find the Adventure Ocean area. And Adventure Ocean is the kids club. And there's going to be a black light puppet show adventure ocean. The kids club area. Whoa, look at this little like stingray guy. This is cool. Oh, there's a bunch of them. Oh, cool. Look at this monkey guy. Oh, this is where the escape room is, too. If you're ready to had a good seat until some lady's sat in front of me. The stars are so colorful tonight. Are you an alien? Oh, hello Earth person. Please allow me to introduce myself. I am from the planet E5D. Who is Nana? This is Nana, which stands for not always navigationally accurate. Hop aboard me up and let our adventures begin. Well, I don't see any celebrations here. Oh, dear in the water. So, I am guessing that you came like everyone else to see Yepang. Yep. Is a festival where we launch lanterns into the night sky to let go of bad luck and welcome good luck. It's flying. I hope we didn't miss the others. Wow, they're beautiful. Say hello. That was very pretty. Yep. Hop in. Thank you for all your help. And please thank Sparky, too. Listen, do you hear that music over here? I SAW A CRASH OVER HERE. WELCOME TO THE BAHAMAS. Are you here to celebrate Junkaoo with us? What is Junkaoo? IT'S ONE OF THE BIGGEST PARTIES IN THE CARIBBEAN. WE WERE LOOKING FOR fallen feathers, seashells, and anything else TO DECORATE WITH. WE wear them to dress up. Never enough feathers for junkoo. Besides, I cannot even tell. Max, you look amazing. I do. Yeah, let's go back to bed. Max, that looks like a toy. Oh, I thought I was going to be trapped in there all night. I am a toy. What are you doing out in the cold like this? I was sitting all alone in my tiny house, waiting for someone to come and play with me. Maybe the kids in this house. Thank you everyone. This would not have happened without you. Goodbye Hans. We're just in time. The time freeze ready is just ending. You have been back to Costume Park. Jackson, what was the favorite part of your puppet show? Was it when they squirted you with water? No. That was That was very surprising. That was so funny. And then all the kids love the bubbles and they love the We can go in here. Do you want to look? It's I think it might be for littleer kids. We came down to deck 5 prominade to see the aector's homecoming parade. which are some uh superheroes that are like made up by Royal Caribbean and they're celebrating their latest win against the super villain. It's time to call out for our heroes. What's happening? Oh, Bang Trainer is the godmother of this ship. If I was you, I want to raise you. I want to be you. This is the radio. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Oh, the bad guy got out. What are you going to do? That's what happened. Go for it. Oh, dragon. It's You're the one I love. You're the one I need. I still can't get enough of you. This is your captain speaking. We need your help. Passengers crash and burn. You did not watch the safety and the master station is incomplete. You must report to guest services where you will dislike. Why do all these cruise ships have planks? and bird are leading the ship. HUZZAH, BUDDY. OH, they're trying to eat the confetti. Actual house joining us today. They got out again. Oh, brother. All right. So, we have reservations at the Habachi restaurant tonight and we're headed down there right now. So, it's raining out so we had to get an umbrella. Did also want to mention that the Habachi restaurant that we were about to eat at was an additional charge. It was about $45 per person. We did it. We made it. We got the habachi there in the center. Get started. We get the green salad or miso soup. Then we get to pick meats. You pick two of them. Or if you add a third for $5 extra. So, I'm going to get beef and chicken. That sounds pretty good. And then for desserts, you can get crispy sesame balls, mochi ice cream, chocolate lava cake. I'm getting that for sure with matcha powder. I don't want matcha powder. Green tea ice cream. Maybe I can ask them for no matcha powder. They brought us some edetamame beans. You doing it, buddy? Eating them edetomamies. Oliver, too. How do you like it? I I popped this up. Oh, I didn't even flip the thing over. It says that there are extra charges. You can get sushi rolls. You have a $15 up charging system. Starting off the meal with a little salad. You order for chicken and chicken. Happy happy like Oliver. Yeah. One, TWO, SHE GOT IT. ANOTHER ONE. YOU CAN SEE ON THAT SIDE WHAT YOU SAY. OH, that's me. Her. Say it to her one more time. Here we go. I got my steak. I got my vegetables. And I got my rice. Mhm. Smells so good. Smells so buttery. Kids got mochi. They got chocolate, mango, and strawberry. And then I got the chocolate lava cake. I asked it for without the matcha, but there's not very much of it on there, so I think it'll be okay. It's raining slightly out here now. Right here in the middle of Central Park, there's a big thing that says Utopia the Seas 2024 cuz that's when this ship premiered last now 2 years ago. It's 2026 now. Piano man. Oh, it's like it's like an actual piano. Oh, here's our towel animal. Stingray. Hey, it's a little stingray. Oh, yeah. Look at that. Pretty cool. Also, tonight we switched the way that they're going to be sleeping. Give them a little bit more room cuz they're not as tall as like a adult. So, they didn't need to sleep this way. So, they're going to sleep this way and they'll have more room. I'm going to sleep in your bed. Okay. So, we're all done with dinner. The boys are going to sleep now. Dinner was ridiculously good. The food was fantastic. I didn't know what to expect because they can't do fire on the ship. But what they lacked in fire, they they had made up and singing. They were singing. It was very entertaining. They were very funny. Oh, I think we have to go to eat. Oh, we got to get in the elevator. So, yeah, it was very good. I highly recommend it. That is another one of the dinners that is an upcharge dinner. Um, what was the other thing that we did today that we were going to talk about for lunch or Well, we went to the puppet show. We didn't tell you about the puppet show. The puppet show was great. I think that what I really enjoy about Royal Caribbean is like they're really trying with their entertainment and it's very different and very I think unique. Here's the piano guy again. Dang, is he only in that? We should go to Oh jeez, he's leaving. Yeah, the puppet show was phenomenal. It was so much fun. I like that they sprayed us with a water gun. There were bubbles. There was smoke. There was It was great. Yeah, the little water effects. very unexpected, right? And then the the little uh superhero parade thing was so much fun, too. Like it was a good show. It was a little bit hard to follow where everybody was that was singing, but for the rest of it, it was like really fun to watch and really entertaining. So, we came back down to the prominade because we're going to go do some shopping inside port merchants and get some duty-free stuff. It's weird. You can get cigarettes here for $186 for four cartons. But you're saving $62. Think of the savings. I don't know what cigarettes cost. Is that expensive? Is that what How much is a gallon of milk? Does Do cigarettes cost $200 for four cartons nowadays? I don't think so. What is this thing? It's remarkable stills. That's what I call all of my selfies. These are remarkable stills. I like how everything's got like a little display. I want to see this pink one. Oh, it's $243. You're paying for the bottle. I think this one right here. $500. All right, we're going to go over here to bring home the memories. Is as if you don't bring those home anyways. As soon as you get off the ship, you're like, I forgot what happened. This also connects over to the shop. It connects to that like the room that we were just in. Oh, Utopia of the Sea Spirit jersey. What does this one say? Royal Caribbean. Okay. Ooh, that's kind of nice, actually. Pretty nice. What do you put in the bottom down there? For your shoes. One shoe. One flipflop. Cruise. Get your cruise merch here. Oh, these are fun. Look at the hat. The hat says it all. Look at this bag. This one's nice. I like this one a lot. These are I like this like Yeah, it looks like Monsters University. It's a flip-flop dog toy. I like that. Wow. That's a good time. It says first mate. A you're my first mate. Not me. The dog. Yeah, I know. That dog right there behind you. That's who I was talking to. I do like this. This is nice. Yeah, it's pretty. It's so funny because some of these designs, like this one is very clearly the crown and anchor. But if I like look across the way, there's a backpack over there that if I'm looking at it, it sort of looks like the Transformer symbol. I like these. These are fun. Oh, this is from the Royal Beach Club. It's got a little like Oh, it's so floppy. That's weird. It feels like a jellyfish or something, but it's like a a umbrella boat drink type thing. We should get a model of the Utopia of the Seas. So, how does it work? Does Royal Caribbean do the same thing where if you do a lot of cruises, you get like a discount on? Yeah, probably. I don't know. I like that this is a bog bag for Royal Caribbean, though. But it's not like bog brand. I didn't realize I was unaware that Royal Caribbean had like fans like this. Oh, really? Like you know how like a Disney cruise people wear like the spirit jerseys, they have the cups, they have the everything. You know what I mean? I didn't know that Royal Caribbean was that way. Yeah. I wasn't aware of it. Yeah. Um I'm Okay, cool. I like it. Everything is very sparkly. There's a lot of sparkly things. 40 bucks. Oh, wow. Pretty. I think it's pretty. The You know what's funny is I am wearing a Vineyard Vine shirt today. You are. I know. And they have the What? So, is this actual Royal Caribbean merch? Yeah, it is. Look. I like the neon though. That's pretty fun. Oh, weird, right? Okay. It's a Utopia of the Seas specific. Yeah. And it's like in neon, so it's very like Royal Caribbean, but also very vineyard vines. Very retro. It's a weird um collab. Yeah. But you know as you do. So like what? Why is there so much bedazzled stuff? I actually like this. Oh yeah, this looks nice. It's so subtle. Does it say anything on Oh, look at this. I know. It's fun. It's like a little Optimus Prime. It's very comfortable. It feels comfy. Does it say anything on the back? $77. Well, of course it is. It's It looks like a a Lululemon. I bought something identical to this on Amazon for $23 right before the show. It is actually identical because this is plastic and the one that you bought is plastic. I think it's the same brand. I'll tell you my secret. Buy from the the Trendy Queen shop on Amazon. They also make Lululemon's merch. Allegedly. Not allegedly. You can't just make these claims. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. But um they they come from the same warehouse. I think you think there it was. Allegedly. Allegedly. I like these. Whoa. Do they have any What does it say? It says Royal Caribbean. Very slightly right there. Yeah, it's kind of fun. Oh, you know what? It's probably reflective for when you're running on the jogging path. When you're running your five miles. Yeah. On the jogging path. Like 10 12 times around the ship. Just for an idea of price, these are $55. Yeah. Well, these are fun. They're like pins for the different areas of the ship. Chill Island. Wow. Oh, these are these are neighborhoods. Yeah, that's what I was saying. It's for the different areas of the ship. Okay. Oh, we can get 50 50% off stuff. 45% off. What is inside this original steel from the Utopia of the Seas? Wow. Okay. I like this. What is it? I don't know. The Keelcoin infused steel collector set. Is the pen infused with steel? Yeah, that's my Optimus Prime backpack. It looks like um like like when you're running away and you get like your knapsack and you're like I'm running away. Yeah. You're like Tom Holland in that movie that he made that was like a video game. Oh yeah. Uncharted. Uncharted. I'm going to run away and and join the cruise ship. Okay. Bye. See you later. There's no door over there. What if you just jump through that mirror? You're like off to Narnia. For this, I would buy this. I like it. I know. I would never wear it, but I would buy it. more bedazzling cuz it's hot in Florida. I have so many sweaters and I It's actually cold on the ship right now. Like it's I'm cold. So the when we get back to shore though, it's going to be like 40° in Florida. So you need it? I need it. I bought I brought one. Oh, this is very soft. This is $90 soft. Feel the inside. Oh, it's even softer on the inside. It's got a lot of pockets. Yeah, it's uh $10 per pocket. It only has three pockets. It's not It's $33 a pocket. Look at that mask. So, I have a question about Royal Caribbean etiquette. So, tonight is formal night, like dress your best. A lot of people are dressing like they're from the 20s. I wonder if it's a group. Maybe it could be like a group of people. So, that's what I was asking is like, is that happening? Is that a thing on Royal Caribbean or is it just a group? For sure. Utopia of the Seas. We still haven't done Been there. What else is on here? What is that? Flurum. Playmakers. Oh, flur. Oh no, this guy lost his feet. Oh no, I saw this thing. No, I didn't see that. The flow rider. No, the bar thing. What bar thing? This like compass thing up here. I saw like the center of the ship. Just drinks and pizza and a horse. Oh, for the carousel and ice cream. All right. I thought there What is this thing? That's steak from Chops. Oh, okay. If I had to guess. Uh, it says Chops a little tiny on the plate. I knew it. I knew it. Oh, I want to tell you a secret. We went into Salera where they sell like um perfumes and like uh skincare because I was like it's duty-free. I should buy something, right? Cuz it's duty-free. My I think my perfume that I use is called 1 Million by Paco. It's like the new I bought it because they said every girl in France wore it. I don't know how true that is, but I like it a lot. Um I think I got it for cheaper on land. Uh-oh. I think so. We looked up um a brand called OC and I like their algae like body oil and their algae body lotion, right? So it was $53 here dutyfree. You can get it for 52 before before taxes, right? So you save $4 by buying it on the ship. I don't think I have enough room in my luggage for it. So I don't think I can buy it on the ship. I specifically told them before we left that we were leaving a lot of room in our luggage. I don't think I actually did that. Oh, okay. I have a lot of room in my luggage. Karaoke bar is packed tonight. I wonder if there's a ringer in here. Who's coming up next? Is it just like a free-for-all? Can anybody go up and sing Bad Romance right now? There's nobody singing. I need somebody who's more wellversed in Royal Caribbean to help me out with this karaoke bar. Why? Because it seems like from an outsider looking in, you don't pick your song. A song starts playing and whoever wants to sing it jumps up and starts singing. Oh, really? Look, there's nobody singing right now cuz everybody's waiting around for the song that they want. What song is this? They're throwing pebbles. You stay away from came down to the Royal Theater because we're going to be seeing all in tonight. All right, let's see how this show is. I like the chandeliers already. This theater is cool. It really is. What you pay for and everybody watching by looking at you put on your red shoes and the dance way around empty about the new dance. I'm sure you'll be amazed something your body. Oh my go you got to listen to the deep Hey, I heard a wild music. Everybody's looking for something. are the ones that we are the ones that we bring back home. And I'm talking to myself because I can't forget my eyes. I think I saw you. I don't care if you do. Be by my side. Oh my god. We're in the non-smoking casino and Jen's going to try her hand at one of these little penny slots. I've never I've literally never done this before ever in my life. We don't We had to like guess on how to do it. So, you tap your room key. All right. We figured out and Jen is doing 60 cents. Pretty good. Doing good. Yeah. Yeah. Go again. Do I do I stop it? No. No. Oh, look at Oh, you put some money into the into the jackpot. Okay. What do I do? I don't know. Hit it again. 33 cents. This is our total winnings. I I thought a total winnings of 60. I don't think I won 68 cents. I just walked 68 cents left. Yeah. Now I have 33 cents left. After $4. We started with 40 and we ended with 33 cents. Big winners. Don't gamble. It's not worth it. Passing by boleros. Now there's a live band playing. There's a dance floor, but nobody's on the dance floor. Pull me one time. Pull me three times. I don't know what's happen what was happening earlier, but there's like a host up there now and then you're able to pick your song. So, what song is she picking? Does a DJ up here right now? So, wait, is the DJ have confetti cannons or are those just always there? And that's where we ended our night. We did so much this day that we were just exhausted and we just headed back up to the room and we went right to sleep. There's so much to do on this ship. The kids really enjoyed checking out all of the kid areas on the ship. I was super excited to go and see the beach club cuz that's brand new. Like we're some of the first people to be in that area. It just opened on December 23rd and yeah, it was awesome. Like I can't wait to go back. I want to bring the whole family back next time cuz it's a really neat area with lots of pools and lots of things to do and lots of places to relax. So I think everybody would really like it. We also really like dinner. Dinner was so delicious and fun. Like Jackson was so excited that he caught that egg. Also, there was so much food. like it was too much food. We had we had leftovers we had to bring back to the room. Um and then the show the show was so good. Like I like the show a lot. I was blown away by the drones. I was not expecting to see drones inside of a cruise ship inside of a theater. Like that caught me off caught me off guard. I was like, "Wa, look at that. There's drones flying around above us." Yeah, it was a fantastic day. I can't wait for you guys to see day three. Wanted to say thank you once again to Be Our Guest Vacations for hosting us on this trip. And if you guys are interested in checking them out, be sure to click the down below. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
