---
video_id: o76-pO-tyRs
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our Disney World Treehouse Adventure Day 2! Saratoga Springs, Exploring The Resort & More Fun!"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o76-pO-tyRs
---
Good morning. It's the next morning. Uh, we slept fantastic. The bed's so comfortable. The shower is amazing. Like one of the best showers I've had in a long time. Stayed super hot. Lots of room to move around. I could actually turn on both the overhead shower head and the hang one at the same time. So, I could have like lots of water on me. Oh, it was so good. Kids slept good. We slept good. Actually, I think that Jackson's bed is actually more comfortable than the bed in the room that we were in. So, just keep that in mind. That one was very comfortable when I was putting him to bed. So, we did bring some food from home. So, I'm cooking pancakes right now. I already made myself some oatmeal. Oliver ate a waffle. That's one of the best things about staying in a DVC unit is that, you know, you've got all the stuff that you need. Refrigerator, microwave, oven, things like that to like really make it feel like home. And so, we did partner with DVC rental store to get this unit. And like the savings that you get through them absolutely amazing. So rack rate for the tree houses right now during this stay was $2,113 for one night in March. And the DVC rental store, you could get it for $1,218. That's a 42% savings. So it's $895 less. That's amazing. Or if you were just staying in a deluxe studio, the Disney cost is if in March for one night is $737. or the cost for DBC rental store. $378. 49% savings. Like 49% that you're saving over Disney's rack rate. That's This is like This is the way to do it. >> Okay, so got my coffee now. There it is. Look at that. You have everything you need to have the perfect cup of coffee. And then I made a little waffle in the toaster. And we're watching Wall-E. It's a perfect morning. Did we do it? Did we make it back to Earth? I >> think we did. >> Oh, Wall-E. >> Oh, no. >> So, I don't know if you guys are Pokémon Go players. I used to be back in the day. And then Jackson started getting into Pokémon. I was like, "Oh, she he should play Pokémon Go." So, we set him up in Pokémon Go. And now I'm like more into it than Jackson is. I was like, I really liked it when it first came out. And I think it's the perfect game for me because the way that you play it, the way that the rewards are, there's no enemies. There are like you can do raids and stuff like that, but like it's it's not like you're there. It's like very low stakes, and I like that. So, one thing that's great about staying at Disney is there are Pokéstops and gyms everywhere. So, right now, I'm walking over to the dock, which would lead us to Disney Springs. On that dock is a shadow raid. So, I'm just going to do it real quick. A little Stantler shadow raid. And it's just right here, which is easy. Let's see how long it takes me to actually get there. I have five minutes left on the raid. Think I can get there in five minutes? I think so. Plus, today's Giganamax Pikachu. So, uh, I got to go collect my max particles. So, we can participate in that a little bit later. I'll tell you which the perfect numbers would be would be 720 and 701 cuz this is to get to them, you go down the little path that leads to boat transportation. So, there's two that are just right here. You just walk right out the door and you make it to the boat dock that would take you over to Disney Springs or over to Port Orleans. Look at that. So, this is the blue flag ferry. That's the way that you got to look at. It'll have a blue flag at the front of the boat. And this one runs between Saratoga Springs and Disney Springs. And there's actually two stops at Saratoga Springs. And then if we continue that way instead of going towards Disney Springs, that would take us over to Portans. And this runs from 10:00 a.m. to 10:20 p.m. So, right now, it's about 9:50. It's going to start running here in about 10 minutes. We showed up at just the right time. There it is right there. You see it's little blue flag flying in the wind. Just showing up now. I don't know if they're doing like a a test run or if he's going to spin around and come here. Oh no, he's spinning around. He's coming to park. Nobody's going to Disney Springs just yet, but there he is passing by the bus stop here in our loop. And there's a A-frame sign out here that tells us what everything is that's happening at the resort right now. So, we've got Disney Fit yoga at 9, Tuesdays at 9:00 a.m. Saturday is storytime yoga. Oh, it's for for all ages. Find a friend throughout Disney Saratoga Springs. Search the resort for a hidden Maximus photo. Take a take a photo of it and like return back to community hall. Okay. Bike Reynolds. I think we're going to do that today. Movie under the stars. Oh, we missed Zootopia or Zootopia 2 last night. Purple Martin nest checks. Heck yeah. And Community Hall poolside activities. Mickey tie-dye campfire. Glow with the flow. High Rock Spring Pool. Sunday and Thursdays. It's a late night with the evening poolside activities. That's fun. Nighttime bingo. Ooh, that's a good time. Wind paint show and winter circle mosaics. Sounds like a lot of fun. A lot of fun activities happening at the uh at the resort. Well, I came back to find the family. >> Oh, no. >> Dad, what did you do? >> Out here enjoying the patio. Oh, I just realized there's a grill out here. We could be charcoal grilling up some steaks or something. All right, so we are all packed up and we are headed down to the main Oh my goodness, everybody's got sticks. >> Okay, we're going to go down to the pool. We're going to ride the bikes, the the suri bikes, possibly the bikes with the training wheels. We're going to figure that out. >> You can also go like this. >> You can. And then we're going to go to the arcade and have some lunch. We've got everything in our our magical bag of things. >> This feels a lot like Fort Wilderness, doesn't it? >> So, we're headed to the main Saratoga Springs entrance cuz that's where the big pool is. That's where the slide is. >> Oh, yeah. >> All right. We parked and we're going to go over to the community hall area. This is also a place where you can do like kid-friendly activities. Last time I went in there, they had like pottery painting and they had Yeah, like mosaic. You can make little mosaics. They had coloring pages. It was a good resource for um families with little kids. So, we're going to head over there. That's also where you sign up for the bikes. Oh, okay. Wait. So, we rent them at the horse and around rentals next to the community center. Okay. Wait. So, it does say to go to the community hall for rentals. That was a that was a roller coaster of All right. So, we're in the community hall. They have games, a little library, kid toys, coloring areas, and then they even have a um I guess you could paint this painting. >> Here's the cost of renting the sur bikes. Two seaters, $25 for 30 minutes. Four-seater, $28 for 30 minutes. Or a bike you can rent all day for $18. >> We're on our sur bike and our bike with training wheels. >> We did the two-seater, and Oliver's in the front seat. It's just a little bump. He's in charge of the bell. So, you're going to be looking for these signs. Whoa, whoa, whoa. >> All right, the bell is going. It's like right in my ear. >> I'm sorry. Siri, bike traffic. Those are the signs we're looking for. Let's see. >> Hold on. I'm breaking and you're pedaling. >> All right, we are driving past Disney Springs here. There's some spots with little rocking chairs. Oh, it's not a wishing well. >> You know what? Tonight at House of Blues, there's a K-pop tribute concert. You could sit here and I bet you it's loud enough in House of Blues that you could hear it. >> Oh, yeah. We might be able to hear it. Oliver said, "Jackson, remember, stop in the shade. You're doing great, buddy." >> Yeah. >> Oh, I love it under these trees. It's so nice. >> Very nice in the shade here. >> Yeah. All right, we've gone five furong. I don't know what that means exactly. It feels far. >> Oh, watch out for the runner. >> I love this resort. >> It's nice. >> I feel like this resort is a little bit slept on. >> Yeah, right. I know. I slept on it last night. So, I I didn't show you this, but there is a map of the areas that you can and can't go right here. And all of your rules in case you don't remember the rules, cuz they do go over the rules with you before you get on the bike. But if you forget, here they are. So, another thing I wanted to mention, though, is that you do have to have either closed toed shoes or if you wear sandals, they do have to have a back on them, like a strap or a back in order to ride the Suriri bikes here at Saratoga Springs. Um, she did say that some other locations, >> what do you see? >> A party. Oh, it's like a crow. >> Ooh. Oh, I'm a friend. I'm going to make a friend with that crow. >> Hey, crow. We're best friends. >> Let's see. You see it right there on the branch? >> Grale. >> Oh, it's big. I don't know. How do you tell the difference between a crow and a grapple >> or a raven? Ravens are huge, right? >> Yeah. I don't think it's a raven. >> Um, but she >> Oh, best friend. >> We're already friends. We did it. She did say that some locations were a little more strict and you have to actually wear closed toed shoes. In some locations, you can wear sandals with the backs or closed towed shoes. So, just ask. >> You can't cross the lake. That's the restricted area. I wish we could, buddy. So, just ask before you go, so you know. So, we're passing by another pool. I didn't even know this was was here. It's called the paddic pool. And there's a big slide coming out of a a water tower. >> Is that mine? >> Is that yours? >> Yeah. >> Your pool? >> Or I have a pool at home. >> That's true. We do have a pool at home, but we don't have a big pool slide like that >> yet. I wish we did. Right. So, I Googled it and a furong is 660 ft. It said it's an eighth of a mile. There's a better look at the slide. >> You wanted >> All right, we made it to the pool. Going to go get our bathing suits on, some sunscreen on. You're getting a little wet. We did it. We made it in the pool. >> So, there is a little slide here. >> Oliver Oliver's going to watch Jackson go down and see if he wants to do it. Let's see. >> Pretty slow. Oliver, what do you think? You want to try again? >> Okay, we're going to try it. All right, here comes Oliver. Go. >> I'm right here. Oliver, >> come on. Go on. >> He said no. >> Jackson going. >> And I'll catch you right here, Oliver. All right, I'm going to give the slide a try. See how it goes. Jackson's a little bit nervous about the big slide. He went down the little slide, but I'll try the big slide and tell him what I think of it. I like this because if you're going to the slide, you can take a quick stop to Artist Pallet, get a little snack, then go down the slide. I think there's been enough time for me to go. Let's see. I'm going to stay seated up so we can see how slow it is. I think I might have to lay down cuz I'm like not moving anymore. Here we go. All right, here we go. Oh, a little downhill here. I got to push myself. We Okay, here we go. Now we're going. Oh, it's such a short dark period. There's barely any dart. >> I think Jackson's going to be coming down soon. I see mommy. She's giving me the high sign. Here he comes. Here he comes. There he is. >> Okay, she knows she'll come. >> No. No. There's a light. She knows. >> Back up. Back So fun. >> You liked it a lot. You can go do it again. >> Here she comes. >> Okay, so Jackson and I are going down the slide. Are you so excited? >> Um, can't wait to show you. I think Tim just showed you what it looked like, but now you'll get to see me going down it. Go ahead. >> Hey, bud. Woo. All right, here we go. This is actually a really fun slide. Look at this. Wa wa. And then it gets dark. Wo. This is the dark part. Oh boy. Oliver finally went down the other slide. Oh, sorry. Can I just see the bracket? I just wanted to see who won. I I couldn't hear it over there. >> No, you're good. There's that and then I have the winner on the other side. >> Oh, this is the winner. >> So, who who was it? The Lion King. Wow. Disney movie. >> Oh, that's awesome. Look at that. What movie do you think won the bracket challenge? >> Lion King. >> It did. >> Yeah. >> I was surprised. >> I was listening. >> Oliver said Zootopia. He said, "I want Zootopia to win." >> What movie do you think won, buddy? All right, we are all done with our pool day. Had a lot of fun. >> Really fun. >> We took some food home from from the place where we had dinner last night. We're just going to take it back to the room and then get uh this little guy ready for his nap. Okay. I will say it's very hard to find us a seat here at this pool. So, we found a seat, but people were like like waiting for us to leave. Um, and our seats were in the blazing hot sun. We didn't even have any shade, so seats are just hard to come by. So, be prepared. All right, Jackson's eating his chicken tenders on the way. He couldn't wait. He said, "These were so good last night. I need to eat them right now." What' you think of the slide at the pool? A lot of fun. >> This is great, though. This >> what? >> Chicken is great. >> The chicken's great. I'm glad it's great, buddy. What about your chippies? >> Uh, I haven't tried them yet. >> Uh, I bet they're going to be delicious, too. >> Look at my little sticks. >> Let me see your little sticks. Whoa. If those are little sticks, I don't want to see the big ones. All right. After a quick drive back, we are going to eat our lunch up at the treehouse. What did you find? >> This stick. >> You found that stick. Whoa, that's wild. Come on, let's come. Wow, it does look like a spider. >> A chomp. So, here's a question I have for Tim. Why didn't they just put these on the ground? Like, why are they on these stilts? What is the point? I'm just curious. I like that they're higher up, but I just wonder like what was the thought process here? >> While Jen puts Oliver down for his nap, Jackson and I are on our way to try to get some Giganamax Pikachus. Let's see what we can catch. I don't know. We're not all the way over at Springs. I'd like to be at Springs cuz there's way more people there. And I think this is going to be a hard one. It's a six-star for those of you guys that follow along. But there is a power spot right here. So, we're going to go battle the power spot. See how it goes. All right. We did pretty bad by ourselves over here. We had one time that we did it with like eight other people and we definitely didn't didn't put a dent in Dynamax Pikachu. So, we're going to see if we can get over to the springs and we'll try again. We'll recoup and try again. All right. We are on the boat heading to Disney Springs. There's the Purple Martin nest over there. We're waiting for somebody to come through this little passageway and then we can go. We're doing some work on this seaw wall over here sort of at the other end of Saratoga. Oh, this is where we rode our Siri bike earlier, Jackson. Look at that. That's where we were. All right, we've made it to Disney Springs. Do some Giganamax Pikachu over here. We came in right next to eat. It smells so good right here. But we're doing our first Gigantamax right here at the carousel. Then we'll find some more. This is definitely hard. We're not doing so good at all against Gigantamax Pikachu. We beat one. It's a start, right? >> Find people over here. >> Oh, where? >> All right. We're at the amphitheater here. We're trying another one. Two of 10 ready. That's pretty good. Three of three. So, three teams of 10. How many people are in your team? 10. Okay. So, we got 30 people, I think. I think we might be able to do this one. There were 30 people in there and we still didn't still didn't beat it. Well, it's still going, but his meters he's still way up there in the green. I don't think we're going to beat him. Also, it's not that busy at Disney Springs right now for a Saturday afternoon. I thought it would be way busier. This account doesn't have very good Dynamaxes, so I'm not doing very good, but Jackson is in it. And so, this will be our third one that we've beaten this today, right? So, we're doing we're doing okay. We're doing okay. I think we have time to do one more Gigantamax battle. There's a group of high school kids here, I guess, or a chorus group here singing along. singing bridge over troubled water. Just got real windy and we were underneath oak trees and their pollen just started raining down on us. We got it all over us. Here's some in Jackson's like shirt in the back back there. All right, Jackson. How did we do? >> Did we do good? >> He's still He's in another battle already. But >> Team Rocket >> Team Rocket battle. How many How many Pikachu did we catch? Like four, I think. Here's the thing that's happened twice now. I battle with him and we're trying to like rank up his account. I got the shiny. I got the Hundo and he just got like regular Pikachu's, but like I'm gonna transfer him the shiny, but I can't transfer him the Hundo because if I transfer him the Hundo, then it'll drop down. Unless maybe if I do it as a lucky trade. I need to ask somebody that. You guys leave me a comment down below if it's if I do a lucky trade with him for a hundo. Does he stay a Hundo? Yeah, it's starting to feel like it's going to be raining here any minute now. See what happens. We're getting on the Florida Queen. Where was this boat when we were looking for a queue? All right, it never rained on us. We are headed back. I feel like it did like mist a little bit, but we're we're still dry. We made it back to the treehouse villas. It was nice. It was a nice little boat ride. We didn't get wet. Was a little bit windy, but for the most part, easy. Oliver never actually napped. So, uh we are all ready to go and we're going to dinner at the Turf Club Bar and Grill, which is right next to Artist Palad. It's a sitdown restaurant here at Saratoga Springs. So, we're headed there right now. This is what I want the kids to be doing all the time. just like playing with sticks and pine cones, but it's just like hot outside and there's bugs at the house. >> I mean, it feels amazing right now, >> so it's pretty great here at Disney. >> Gonna be a little chilly, but so we made reservations. I said this in yesterday's video, but we made reservations um before our trip because this restaurant gets pretty booked pretty quick. All right, and we're back at the main Saratoga Springs Resort. We're just kind of going back and forth and back and forth this whole video. >> I did want to mention you could you can walk this. For us, it's easier. Well, it looks like it's going to rain, so we weren't really sure. Like, it's you can't tell so much right now, but it it looks like the weather could take a turn. And >> we're back at this pool again. Look at that. It does feel like it's getting cooler out. Clouds are starting to roll in a little bit. There it is. The winter circle. We made it. Look at us. This is the entrance to the front lobby. This is Artist Pallet. And right over there, Turf Club is where we're going. Just to the left of Artist Pallet. I'm going to link our detailed tour of this resort down below for you to check out cuz I don't think anything's changed since that video's happened. >> I don't think so either. All right, here's artist pallet again. We're going on a turf club. A little jockey outfits turf club bar and grill. All right, let's go check in the turf club. All right, here's a look at the menu. It's really interesting because a lot of the stuff is from the land pavilion at Epcot. Like >> we've got just like lots of entries with things from the land pavilion at Epcot, including this turf club butterboard. >> So the somebody that I follow on Instagram who's like a Disney foodie said that they have one of the best French onion soups here. So I'm going to get that. And they also said the butter board is something that's really fun to try here. So I'm going to do the butterboard French onion soup. And then I don't know what to get. >> Okay. This is beautiful. >> I feel like is it 2021 again, >> right? This is the butter. >> Was like doing the butter things. >> No, I don't remember that. >> It was garlic butter tomato >> tomato compost pesto. >> Pea stew, which is pesto without the nuts. >> Oh, >> and then one other thing. >> And then accompaniment from the land pavilion at Epcot. Oh, there's also crispy garlic on here. Jen got the French onion, too. Let's see. >> It's got crispy onions on it. That's That's pretty exciting. >> Jackson got noodles and butter with some cheese and some strawberries and bananas. Oliver got grilled chicken, some crunches, and some strawberries and bananas. There it is. There's my buttermilk fried chicken with my mashed potatoes and my seasonal vegetables like rhubarbs and carrots and stuff like that. And you got what? The smoked halibet. I got the smoked salmon wrap. It's on a bed of butternut squash risoto. >> It looks really good. >> All right, we're all done with dinner and now we're headed to the arcade. Oh, the pool's empty right now for some reason. All right, buddy. That's not the door. Maybe check the next one. Going into the arcade. Look at this. >> Oh, we came into the arcade. It's overwhelming. There's no IP address detected. Oh my goodness. It's a Bob arcade. >> Feeling pretty good. Jackson shooting ski balls. >> Oh, 4,000. Good job. >> Who let this baby learn how to drive? >> You're in 13th place. >> We did it. And then Jackson's just on the motorcycle out here. >> Pop a wheelie. >> I didn't know that there was like a cars driving backwards. >> Yeah. All you need to know to drive backwards is where you been. What are you so excited for pinball? Oh. Oh. Oh dear. That's okay. You get another one. I love pinball machines. >> All right, let's see. You got to do it a little bit harder. >> Give it a little Give it a little little boom. All right, Oliver. >> Yeah, >> it's raining. >> Is it? >> Yeah. >> Oh, Oliver ended up with a marshmallow. >> They only do s'mores from 6:00 to 7:00. I didn't realize it was 7:00. >> Oh, it's 7-Eleven. >> 7-Eleven. They said they would send us home with six marshmallows because we missed um s'mores time. >> That's okay. >> I thought they were planning to find >> I thought it would have happened at during the night time. >> Yeah, I thought that it would have been a month later. All right, we've made it back to our treehouse. Now it's time for these kids to go to bed for their last night sleeping in the treehouse. >> Should we check out tomorrow? I By the way, the beds are very comfortable in these tree houses. >> Did you lay in Jackson's bed? >> Yeah, it's like so comfortable. >> I don't know what it is about that bed, but it's like cozy. >> I didn't sleep with you for the whole night. No, but I I did try to give I tried to give Oliver a nap in the bed that Jackson was sleeping in. It spoiler alert, it did not work. He did not nap today. But it was so cozy and comfy. So, we had we did rest for like an hour. >> But, uh, a >> little chilly right now. >> I know. That's why I've had to put my sweater on. I brought the kids sweaters, but they said they didn't want them. So, check out is at 11:00. And, uh, I think we're going to just try to soak in as much treehouse time as we can tomorrow. >> Oliver, what do you have? What's that? >> A big stick. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh my goodness. >> All right, let's go up there. You can't bring your stick with you, though. Okay, >> this is the second golf ball that I We We picked another one up, but this one was just over here. I don't know if it was there when we got here yesterday, but it's there now. So, the golf course is over there. So, I wonder how often they have to replace the windows here because of rogue golf balls >> during Oliver's nap time. Something hit the roof and it was so loud. I wonder if it was a golf ball. >> Oh, maybe it was. >> It was so It scared me. Like, it was so loud. Also, the restaurant extremely loud. >> Yeah. >> I don't know if it was just because we were around like loud tables. It was so loud in there. >> The food was great. Atmosphere very loud. >> Oh my goodness. See? >> Yeah. >> Why is it Why is it red? >> I don't I'm not sure. >> I'm kind of confused about this. Do you eat it like a Wait, wait, hold on, buddy. Jackson's came with a dessert. One of the options of the sides was a dessert. It was a s'more. We brought it back to the room. Oh, no. This is what it looks like. I don't know if you can really see this. It looks like a fancy s'more. >> Weird s'more. >> Does it taste good? >> You say weird s'more. >> Yes. What does it taste like? >> Good. >> There's cherry. It has like cherry >> soft on >> like syrup or something. Yeah. Then we also brought some blueberries and strawberries from home. >> Perfect. >> So Oliver is going to have some fruit. He's having a marshmallow as well. >> I just did that cuz it was a little sour. >> A little sour. Jackson's eating his s'more from the restaurant. How is it? I feel like I could just sit out here and watch the clouds all night. >> Yeah. >> Look at them go. They're moving pretty quick. Do you like your your dessert of fruit? >> Abra versus Abra. >> Good morning. Uh it's the next day. It's our last day. We're checking out today. Uh the wind is kind of blowing outside. So it is for the most part a light wind, but there has been some moments of like heavier gusts while I'm packing up this morning. The kids are in here in this bed with mommy watching Tarzan. >> Oh no, the baby's upside down. >> All right, the kids are watching Wreck-It Ralph. >> We're going to start running the step. We're going to start running the stuff down to the car cuz it is about 10:00. Check out time is 11:00 a.m. Okay, we're starting to take everything down to the car. That's the only thing. These stairs are a little bit uh hard with the luggage, but thankfully I have a Tim. A big strong Tim. >> All right, see you later. Bark lamps on the wall. >> Oh, I never even noticed they were bark. >> Yeah, this is our last look at the the treehouse villas. >> I'd like to stay again a little bit longer so we can actually try the bathtub. Oh, yeah. >> Cuz we didn't take a The shower was great, though. >> I thought about getting in the bathtub last night when I was in the shower. >> I was so tired. We had such a long, busy day yesterday. I was exhausted. >> All right, the dishwasher's going and we're on our way out the door. See you later, tree houses. Until next time. >> So, we are headed out. We're actually going to go check out the gift shop before we leave and go home for the day. But I did want to show you before we leave, there are some accessible tree houses and I wanted to show you the the ramp going up so you can see. So, if you need one of these, I just wanted to show you what they look like. So, there it is. And you can see there's the ramp going up. So I think it was 748 was the accessible one. >> There's more than one >> and it looks like they are attached. Yeah. >> And that one looks like it's attached to the one next to it. Um there is more than one accessible treehouse, but that's the the one we've drove by. So I wanted to show you the the ramp. So there you go. There it is. But now we're headed over to the main the main building of Saratoga Springs so that we can just take a peek at the gift shop before we leave. >> All right, we made it back over to the main lobby. We're going to go in and go down towards the gift shop and have a look around. Jackson's checking to see if it was a wishing well. >> Is it? >> All right, we've got a penny. Let's see. He's wishing. Oh, he's got one. I got it. >> You got it. >> Oh, good job. Went in. What was your wish? >> I want to be the best driver. >> He wants to be the best driver. >> Okay, >> that's cool. Like Vanilla. So, the carriage house is the main lobby where you would check in. And we can get down to the gift shop there. The gift shop is actually in Artist Pallet where we're eating. And then there's also the performance hall, which I don't know what that is. It's just I guess maybe a multi-purpose space. Of course, Saratoga Springs, all about horse racing. So, lots of pictures of Disney horses all around the lobby and various paintings from around Saratoga. We're on an artist pallet, like I said. Oh, and then the hours here. The hours of artist pallet are 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., but we are going to the artist pallet gift shop, not the artist pallet food place. What's the trivia? >> Don't don't race. >> Princess and the Frog. It was Tiana's dream to turn the building, what building into her restaurant? Which one is it? You say the old firehouse. Her old restaurant. >> Oh, no. She didn't have an old restaurant. She was No. >> Wasn't her dad like a cook? >> Her dad cooked for the family. >> But he didn't have his own. >> No, he was in the military. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, look at that. >> 2026. >> Oh, he's >> It was the old sugar mill, by the way. >> Oh, was it? >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. >> What did you find? >> You found a backpack. >> Yeah. >> You like it? >> Yeah, I do like it. >> It's good, right? Oh, yeah. It's like all the Disney characters. >> It's fun. >> That's cool. >> It is $70. I don't know how many more uh sweatshirts I need, >> but I do like I like this one. >> Don't need any more I'm I'm one to say this. I don't need any more sweatshirts. I like these oranges. >> Oh, that's fun. Yeah. So, wait. How much are these? 37. These are so Florida, >> right? >> They're very cute. I like these a lot. >> I like that they're like crushed velvet. >> Yeah. You can't remove these. Um, this bow though. >> Oh, >> this bow is a permanent bow. >> Oh, see these are okay. >> They have little versions. These are okay. I don't know what it is about the other ones, but these I do like. >> What is it? >> It's You said they were made of plastic. Is that see-through? >> No. >> See, that's what it is. That's the difference. >> Is that what it is? I do like these. >> Look, Oliver, you got it, bud. You're trying. Is that a magnet? >> It is. >> That's cool. >> Yeah, I like that. It's red. So, this one is $15. Oh my gosh. >> A $15 magnet. >> But I do like it. You can be a baby Yoda. You want to try him on? >> Let me see. >> Let me see. >> Baby Yoda. >> Yoda. >> Baby Yoda. >> That's what That's exactly what he sounds like. >> I know. We met him the other day. We were looking through the pins before we left. And look, there's some Muppet pins. A >> You got Fuzzy and you got animal. And Marie. Marie is now canonically a muppet. There are also some Saratoga Springs specific pins. Very cool. I like them. And also DVC pins. But then there's also some Saratoga Springs merch. There's some specific ears for Saratoga Springs. That's cool. Saratoga Springs down the side. Oh, a Saratoga Springs purse. Wow. A Loungefly. Look at that. With this the horse bit. Are these like stirrups? There's a lot of Saratoga Springs merch. We love a Turvis tumbler. $35 for a cup. There's even more over here. This one's cool. I like the Saratoga Springs just shirt. It's very soft. There it is. The winner circle with a hidden Mickey right there. Oh, means it's 11. Every hour the like the bugle blows. And this is artist Gwen Rearen made of bronze. It was dedicated May 18th, 2006. Oh, almost exactly 10 years. Almost exactly 20 years ago. I'm good at math. We got a few more pennies to throw. >> All right. >> Go ahead, Oliver. You got to You got to make your wish. >> Make a wish and throw your penny in from right there, Oliver. From right there. >> Right there. That's good. >> Can you make it if you throw it from there? Get a little bit closer. That's okay. Yeah. >> Okay. >> All right. Make a wish. Good job. >> Oh, that was a good one. A razor. I love that. >> Okay, Jackson, your turn. >> Oh, one of the top ones. >> It went in. >> Good job, buddy. >> I wish I land. >> Oh, Pokemon land. >> In the Pokemon land. >> Also come out back out. >> Oh, so you can come back to your family. >> That's a good wish. >> Okay, here comes my wish. Into the one of the top ones. >> Oh. Oh, it almost went out. It went back into the bottom one. Oh, that was close. >> What do you wish for? I wish for uh prosperity. >> Oh, okay. All right, my turn. >> I have one more for you, buddy. >> Oh, it went in. >> Oh, I got it in the top one. I forgot to make my wish. >> Oh, no. >> I was so focused on trying to get it in there. >> Oh, no. I wish we can come back and stay in the treehouse. >> Oh, that's a good one. >> That's my wish. >> All right, we are back home. We've gotten all of our luggage unpacked. We got all our clothes washed. We got all our food put away. I can't stress that enough. When you come back from vacation, I know it's not fun, but you have to do everything right when you get back, or else >> it'll just sit there. >> It'll just sit there. >> It'll you'll just have your your laundry in your luggage for the rest of time until you leave again. Until you open your luggage and go, "Oh, there's that thing I was looking for. >> There's all my dirty clothes." >> But we had so much fun. The tree houses are one of my favorite places to stay. I just I really like that it does feel like you're at a house rather than like at a hotel. There are some pros and cons because you are kind of far from things. You're not like super close to the food or to like the big pool, but you have such like privacy and it's so nice being in the wilderness, you know, like sitting out on our little patio in our chairs. It was that was so nice and the weather was great. So, I know that that we had that like going for us. But I also just really like the the feel of the tree houses. >> Yeah. Opening up the windows and just seeing like woods. Oh, and it was so just all of Yeah. the trees, the just the light coming in. It was just so nice. It was a great little weekend away. The kids had so much fun. We had so much fun. And I would love to go back again and hopefully stay longer cuz I I wouldn't I wouldn't be mad about staying longer in a treehouse. >> Right. You know what I would call this what I would call the treehouse? It is cozy. >> Oh, yeah. >> Like you you feel comfortable in it. >> Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. And I love that we really spent the time like we snuggled so much. We watched Wall-E. We watched um Wreck-It Ralph. You know, just like snuggling up and watching movies. That's one of my favorite things to do. I just realized we forgot to make the popcorn. >> Oh, I saw it when I was putting it away. I was like, "Oh, man. We should have made this." >> We brought popcorn and we didn't make it. But that's okay. But yeah, I uh also the food at that resort is pretty good. >> Yeah. >> So, um so that was great. And the next time we go, we're going to go to that other pool cuz we didn't get to the paddic pool. That was something I really wanted to do. And I'd love to do more of the activities at the resort. I love that they have the storytime yoga, which is all ages. I think the kids would have loved that. Um, we just missed the time. So, if you're there on a Saturday, when we were there, they were doing it on Saturday at 9:00 a.m. I think you should check it out. It sounds really fun. I love all of the uh art activities that they have. And yeah, I I want to get back. Also, I know that we took the boat over to Disney Springs. You don't have to go to Disney Springs. You can just take the boat, have a nice relaxing trip down the Sasigula >> just for fun. >> Yeah, >> that was something that I really enjoyed. The last time that we stayed at the tree houses, our view was of the Sasigula River, and that was so nice. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> So, if you guys are interested in saving a little bit of money on your Walt Disney World vacation, be sure to check out DVC Rental Store. Like we said in the last video, there are savings of like up to 50%. So, I think in ours we saved the 42% which is amazing. Yeah, >> that's fantastic. Disney prices are, you know, they're not cheap. So, any bit of money that you can save, I say go for it. >> Yeah. >> So, be sure to check the down below. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
