---
video_id: cgjwlLxRCxE
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "The Perfect Rainy Day At Disney's Animal Kingdom! Best Safari EVER, Yak & Yeti Lunch + NEW Merch!"
published: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgjwlLxRCxE
---
Good, windy, cold, rainy morning from Disney's Animal Kingdom. Here's a hot tip for you. If you would like to see a lot of activity from the animals on the safari, come after a rainstorm or on a rainy day, they come out and they are excited and they're moving around and all kinds of stuff is happening on the safari. So, today we have some lightning lanes. Number one, go ride the safari. Number two, we're going to go do a better zoo together cuz you haven't done it before. No. You know what's funny? I said this recently, but I felt like I had been on it because I edited the video. >> Yeah. >> But I haven't been on it yet. So, >> we got to go watch it again. >> Let's go get Better Zoo together. >> Oh, yeah. And then, uh, I think our third one is for Expedition Everest because Expedition Everest, we got to go to the Forbidden Mountain. >> Oh, you know why? Because I said I said, "Take me on an adventure." >> Oh, >> he's upside down in a roller coaster. This one doesn't have any upside down Z's, but you know, >> it's got one really tight turn that feels like you're going upside down, >> but you know, >> I might have to buy a sweater today. It's very cold. >> A little chilly today. It's a a cool 66° out. >> It's cold. >> Welcome to Disney's Animal Kingdom. I uh like to do voiceovers. You think I could do it? Let me try. Welcome to Disney's Animal Kingdom, a place of wonder and animals. >> Was that what they said? >> No, I I couldn't think of what actually to say, but I was trying to do like a fun voiceover voice. So, we got into Animal Kingdom like kind of early and they're playing some some box on the way in. This is Trash in the Camp from Tarzan. >> I forgot how good that movie is. We watched like the tree houses. The kids loved it. I didn't think they were going to be like, you know, as into it as they were. They loved it. Yeah, but something else that happened was last night I bought lightning lanes and then a third person joined our party and I said, "Oh, I'll get a lightning lane for them, too." And when I did that, our times didn't match up. So, like ours, Kilamanjaro Safari was from 9 until 10:00. And then there's their like, "Come at 3:00 in the afternoon." And I was like, "Well, that doesn't work. We wouldn't be there together." So, uh, we went to guest services and they adjusted everything for us. We're good to go now. All our times match up. No problem. Piece of cake. Look at that. The tree is as green as it's ever been. It's like the freeze never even happened here in Florida. Don't pay no attention to those spires of palm trees. All right, we're headed back to Africa cuz we're going to go on Kilamanjaro Safaris first. It's like a little bit cooler this morning. So, I thought that the line for Starbucks would be so long. There's nobody here. There's an animal ambassador out here with a little microphone on, I think. Oh my goodness. Look at them. Oh, the tamarind. Cotton top tamarind training sessions. Look at them up there. >> Yeah, we'll go into the enclosure with them. And each >> Oh, what are they doing way up there? They're like looking for something. >> So, we're going to be looking. >> They said that they're getting ready to go in there and do some inerson training with them. Whoa. >> And they've got a really long tail that they don't use. >> That's interesting. They said if you go to Creature Comforts, which is the Starbucks right next to us here, and order a flat white, some of the money goes to help out the cotton cop tamarind in Colia. A little bit later today when this opens, we're definitely going to be at Terrs cuz we still haven't tried the cookie dough brownie ice cream sandwich. I didn't realize it was ice cream. >> Yeah. >> I thought it was just a brownie with cookie dough on top. >> No, it's got ice cream in it. >> That sounds crazy sweet, >> right? >> Wo. >> We could also get the carrot cake sundae. >> That sounds good. >> So, what time does this open? >> Great question. We'll have to look in Oh, there's a sign. I was going to say we'll have to look in the app, but there's a sign. We've made it to Africa. Here we go. We did it. All right. Traveled across the world. Now we're in Africa. Oh, what's this? What's going on here? What did you do, Disney? Interesting. interesting uh way of hiding it. It looks like they're doing some work to this wall. Yeah, they just got some like white white scrim on it. >> Something I want to do. So, our ABC challenge that we did at Magic Kingdom, I'd like to do it here with the animals. >> Okay. >> Or with not doing the rides. >> Yeah. >> You know what I mean? >> I think I think we could find a lot here. >> I think you're right. >> So, I'd like to come back and do that at some point. Also, I want to do that um the treetop trip. >> Oh, yeah. >> What is that called? >> I think that's what it's called. >> I want to do that one day. I've never done it. Maybe not tree top, but you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah. >> Oh, also it's breakfast time. >> Oh, yeah. You can get breakfast at Tamu Tamu. >> Mickey cinnamon roll, sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit, guava and cream cheese, Danish pistachio croissant. Sounds amazing. What do you think that >> the goo is on top? >> It's honey icing. >> Oh, okay. >> So, pistachios and then the honey icing is inside and on top. >> Okay. over here at Kusafiri. This is where the uh the coconut cold brew is little coffee shop and bakery on your way to Safari and coconut flavored iced coffee. A lot of people really like that. Also have assorted pastries with breakfast tachos. M egg and bacon croissant sandwich, overnight oats. Also have a seven layer bar. Graham cracker crust, coconut pecans, sunflower seeds, chocolate chips, and butterscotch chips with sweetened condensed milk and malden salt. Oh, I was wondering where my rear axle went. I've been looking for this. Oh, it's a front axle. Just kidding. I was wondering where my front axle went. Been looking for it all morning. As well as my tire iron. Offering our catch down near the beach most weekdays. >> I wish some of these signs were like for real things. >> Oh, like you just want to go get some shrimp? >> I just want to go fishing at Animal Kingdom. Wouldn't that >> Oh, yeah. Oh, we also offer fishing tours. Gotcha. >> Yeah. Get a crab or two. >> Grab one crab. Booking curiosity center. This is the animal tours. This is what Jen was talking about. The wild Africa trek. Starlight Safari. Backstage animal tours. Unique safari with refreshment. Visit tour greenhouse. Ride horses. Scuba dive. >> This is the one. >> Wild Africa track. >> What's this one? >> It's a nighttime safari >> here. >> No, at the lodge. >> Right. So, you sign up for here? >> Yeah. I think this you could inquire about all the different tours here cuz you definitely can't scuba dive or ride horses here either. There's no greenhouse here. That's at Epcot. >> Is this pretend? >> No, this is all of the tours at Walt Disney World. >> Where do you scuba dive? >> At Epcot in the seas. >> We should do that. >> I know. >> Okay. >> I've been wanting to. They wouldn't let me bring a camera into the into the >> But I think I could film you from the top or something. >> You can film me from inside looking into >> Yeah. At the at the exit. Uh, okay. >> Yeah, >> we'll we'll do some more research on that. I think >> these souvenir pressed pennies from Animal Kingdom. I like this one of Pluto. Says, "Adventure awaits at Disney's Animal Kingdom." >> Winnie the Pluto. He looks so like >> Oh, he's giving the bee a little bit of water. >> Oh, >> unless he probably filled his canteen just full of honey, right? Not water. He's like refreshment. >> A friend to the bees is a friend to me. >> Oh, yeah. >> That's what I always say. >> I always say a friend with knees is okay with me. Okay. >> You're okay if you don't have knees either. >> Bees do have knees. >> Oh, yeah. >> Cuz you are the bee's knees, right? >> That's you. >> Only 35 minutes for standby. We've got lightning lanes. >> We'll see how long it actually takes us. We're getting in line at 10:12 right now. Unpaved roads of Harambe Wildlife Reserve. Pass through rough and rugged terrain. You're going to get all jumbled up in there. There's the standby versus the lightning lane. Lightning lanes constantly moving. Standby just started moving, but they were sitting still for a minute. Oh, yeah. Can't bring any unfinished food or drinks on the rides. >> Did you know that a wormhog can run up to 30 m hour? >> That's cuz they use farts to propel them. >> I learned that from Pumba. Some photography tips here. It is not possible to stop the vehicle for photographs. Have your camera ready. Animals might appear at any point. And please be considerate. Do not block the view of others while snapping photos. And no flash. Somebody lost their ticket down there. Also, it looks like it has started raining again, so that's a good sign. >> See how we do. Heading into the little forest >> in camouflage. Already on the left hand side, I see some beautiful rusty colored antelopes with some beautiful horns. Those are going to be the bongos. On the right, that is a beautiful old coffee. On the left hand side now, that is the beautiful greater kudu with the light brown color and the white stripes. Seems that that one is a beautiful female cuz compared to the bongos, only the male greater kudos have horns. >> Oh, >> you guys can try and find that male greater kudu using that spotting guy right above you. And if you do find him, >> kudos to him. >> Oh. Oh, that was a good joke. I like it. Oh, there's a black rhino that's all the way on the top of the hill on the >> kind of like hidden. I call them the actual experts in camouflage because as you can see they look exactly like a rock and they are also the smallest one that we're going to be seeing today. >> I don't know if you guys saw them. >> They weigh about 3,000 lbs and they can run up to the >> smallest rhino that we're going to see today weighs 3,000 lb. >> Our horns are made of keratin which is the same material as our hair and our nails. So they are constantly growing. And there he is. >> Look at him. >> Oh my goodness. >> Hi black rhino. Bye, Black Rhino. >> Wow, >> we're already off to such a good start on the safari. >> There's also the Saddle Bill STOs. >> Now, the Saddle Bill Stors are going to have a wingspan that's about 9 ft, which is approximately the same width as the canopy of this truck. >> Oh my goodness. >> Very, very wide. >> This wide. Holy cow. Could you imagine that bird flying over here is that they are made for life. >> Oh, look at them all. >> I mean, just look at blow to hippos. 5,000 lbs of cuteness. >> Holy macaroni, there's so many of them. >> A group of hippos is actually called a bloat, which is perfect. Did >> you guys hear me drop that that group of hippos? >> Hippos are mostly nocturnal. They're able to close their nostrils and tuck their ears very close to their head, so they can sleep underwater. >> Is that the jungle track up there? Oh my goodness. >> Now, hippos are also very territorial. They like to mark their territories and show dominance by opening their mouths super super wide. There's a Nile crocodile over there. So take a picture and show it to my friends on the right because I promise you they do move out to also have a beautiful >> It's raining. >> Guess what that nickname might be? >> The water tree. >> Water tree is always a good guess. Yes, >> the >> but the tree of life. It's tree of life. >> Oh, I got it right. What do you mean? >> I also see some beautiful ancoli caddles coming on the right hand side. The ankoli cattles are seen as animals of royalty and a representation of wealth because of their beautiful horns. Now the little ones are known as the cows. They're still very young, still learning their ways around. And that's why the big guy with the really, really big horns, the bull is with them, teaching them how to survive around this whole space. Their horns from tip to tip when fully grown, can go between six and eight ft. Also coming on the left hand side, sable antelopes towards the back. incredible fighters, which is why we have them as the emblem of the reserve because we fight to protect all these animals and their habitats as much as we can. And some beautiful, beautiful Harmon zebras. Now, a group of zebras is known as a dazzle. It sounds so fancy. It's like you're sprinkling glitter on top of them. And I love it. The two zebras, they do love each other. I promise. They just love playing with each other. He's about 11 12 feet. When they were born, they were already 6 feet tall, guys. They have grown so much. And this is actually a perfect example of the prehens style tongue that the giraffes have. That is just a very fancy word for fingerlike. They're able to move their tongues like an extra finger so they can grab the branches of the trees. Eating for about 20 hours of the day, which doesn't leave a lot of time for resting. They only sleep for about 30 minutes taking naps throughout the day. Now coming both on the left and on the right hand side is the biggest antelope here in the reserve that you g to the shoulder. My favorite thing is their beautiful horns. They're kind of twisted. She uses them to create a flower crown for the female. >> And we can tell that he apart by their horns. African elephants have blood vessels inside their ears which they use as a cooling system. So whenever you see the elephants flapping their ears against their bodies, that's just how they're cooling themselves. But first, there's a mandrel on the left. >> Mandrel. >> A very very rare sight of that beautiful blue and pink face and blue and pink butt. Bridge is not looking very safe, but I'm sure it is. This bridge used to be part of the original story line for the safari. Used to shake, but it doesn't anymore. The Oh, they're stopping there. Hopefully, we get to go up there and stop, too, cuz there's an elephant in the water here. >> Now, if you turn towards the back left hand side, you're going to see an elephant right there. >> Look at that. >> I'll just go by very, very slowly. >> That's cool. >> Small, right? And this one's got the red clay on as part of the sunscreen. There's a hidden Mickey right here. The little island that the flamingos are on. >> Group of greater flamingos. >> Stinky over here too of flamboyance. They actually hatch with a green color. >> I've never seen a flamingo swimming. >> Is everybody see it in the water though? >> It's like swimming in the water. >> Oh, they're so cute. >> Can't even see it anymore. It's like barely coming out of the water. We're headed up to the cheetahs, but I know that cheetahs are cats, and I know that cats don't like the water. >> Oh, I do see them up ahead. >> Up ahead. Oh, up there. >> Cheetahs are day hunters. They're able to hunt during the day because of the black teardrops that they have in their eyes coming all the way down to their mountains. >> Well, there's three of them. >> Those tear drops, they block the sunlight. So, in a way, they're kind of like our football players. But in the case of this ones here, this is an all girls team that we like to call the Cheetah Girls. >> Oh, yeah. >> There they are. What's a Cheetah Girl song? >> They can also run really, really fast. They can go from zero to about 60 miles an hour within seconds. And that's about 10 times faster than this truck. So, I'm just going to keep on driving. But talking about the cats, there's two beautiful lionesses at the bottom of the cookies. Compared to the giraffes who eat for about 20 hours of the day, the lions on the other hand staying for about 20 hours. And in the remainder hours of the day, the females go out to do the hunting and the males stay behind with the rest of the bride to protect them. If you guys look in between the bushes on the right, there's the white rhinos. They weigh about 5,000 lbs and they can run up to 35 miles. >> See if we can use that yellow button in the middle. That is called a beehive >> full of bees to protect the goats and the goats food for the elephants. >> Now, you might think that they are fighting because they're bumping heads. That is just how they high five each other, guys. >> All right, so I'm not one for the rain. Like, I don't like the rain, but I do like the safari in the rain or just after the rain. >> That was the best safari that I've been on either ever or definitely in a while. >> It was so good. >> We saw so many animals. The babies were out. We saw the lionesses. It was like wild, right? >> And there was so they were all active. They're all doing stuff. >> Yeah, it was so cool. I think we saw literally every single animal. >> The elephants were swimming. >> They were in the water. the baby was playing in the water. That was so cool. I almost I got like a little emotional. Like it just it's it's so neat to be able to experience this. And I know a lot of people in the rain, they're like, "Oh, Disney in the rain." Or they get upset if it's raining. But like that made our safari so special. >> The rain isn't always a bad thing. Sometimes it makes really cool things happen. >> Yeah. >> And after the safari, we're at Zuri Suits. This is the infamous location of the poop snacks. So, where's the Is that at Universal? >> At Universal, there's a Raptor poop. Now, >> we got to go and try that. >> Disney, bring back the poop snacks. >> Bring back them poop snacks. >> Bring back the poop snacks. >> Oh, we did come into Zuri Sweets to see what they've got. This is a new cupcake here. Just a vanilla cupcake. This one's also new chocolate. >> These are These are been here for a while here. We got the Simba one and we got the zebra one. They're hard to see because the lighting lighting in these cases are good for you to see it. It's bad for the camera to see it. >> Oh no. >> Found a hidden Mickey inside Zuri Sweets here over top of the uh cotton candy or candy floss. Some scar ears here. Pretty wild. They've even got the scar on them. $37. These are the new Lion King ears. >> These are really cool. >> I like it. >> Yeah. I love the the bow. >> Are they Are they loungefly? Cuz usually leather like the leather look means loun. No. No. So, we're all done with the safari. We did a little quick little bathroom break, but now we're going to see if we can get into Yak and Yeti. >> I don't know if I've It's been years since I've eaten that Yak and Yeti. >> So, we'll see. It's over there just past um the birds of flight. The bird >> I don't know why I thought it was >> feathered friends in flight. >> This is the Yakin Yeti like quick serve. >> No, this is just the Yakin Yeti quick serve is also past feather friends in flight. >> Oh, okay. I think I'm turned around. They're kind of attached to each other. So, the tree of life is supposed to be a baaob tree, right? >> I don't know. >> Yeah, but on the safari, they said that it's leafless nine months out of the year. I've never seen this one leafless. Supposed to be a magic tree. Passing by feathered friends in flight and headed here to see about getting into Yakin Yeti. Yakin Yeti. It doesn't look too too busy. >> We'll check. We just walked in and we said, "Put us on the walk up list." And they said, "Okay, it'll be a 15-minute wait." And then I got the text. It's a 10-minute wait. So, let's see what we can get. >> I was so surprised. I go, "15 minutes?" He goes, "Is that okay?" And I go, "Yeah, that's amazing." I didn't think it was going to be 15 minutes. >> Oh, they got any Oh, Kobe beef burger. I was about to ask if they had a burger. >> Oh, that sounds really good. >> All right, so we did get right in and we're going upstairs. I like this fire alarm. They even themed it. There is an elevator. We took the stairs. Wow, this is nice. There's nobody upstairs. Holy cow. This is a really cool restaurant. I like this. These statues are amazing. Somebody get Joe Roie on the phone. I need to know more information about this restaurant. >> I didn't even know there was an upstairs. >> This is awesome. Look at this view. >> I love this. >> Let the camera adjust. I mean, you guys will be amazed. >> 10-minute wait. Is this a hidden gem? >> Wasn't 10 minutes. >> No, it was like 2 minutes. I think this might be a hidden gem. >> I don't know if it's hidden. >> It's hidden to me. >> But look, we got this message. 11:05 is when they said your estimated 10 minutes. And then they call us, our table's ready, 11:06. So after looking at the menu a little bit, they told us that anything that has the little chopsticks next to it is like their signature dishes. So good news, the burger is one of their signature dishes. One of the things they're known for. Also, the Thai basil chicken. M. Everything sounds so good. >> Yeah. >> And then they also have this Eastern Delights menu right now. Limited time offering. Boi chicken bowl, pork cats soup, ai tuna nachos, tandoori salmon, Thai chicken and shrimp curry, Vietnamese shaking beef. >> How they doing the machi stick? >> But also look at this little duck. Little yeti duck. I just find myself looking outside at people going by this. This is like such a good view. Such an amazing like way to spend lunch. Oh man, look at this burger. >> Holy cow. Buddy here. I'm so excited for all of this. >> The burger looks so good. Look at those pickles. Like the cucumbers. >> What did you get? >> I got the beef chow fun. It's like a wide egg noodle, peppers, wheat, scallions, bean sprouts, and it's like a savory brown soy sauce. >> We also got the lettuce cups. >> Look at these perfect lettuce cups. >> I know. How did she get these? >> I don't know. >> Where did these come from? The lamb at Look at her go. She's lying it up. Putting some lime on there. This mayonnaise is so delicious. Little bit spicy. It's like a soy mayonnaise. So good. Burger's so big. It's like almost hard to get it all in my mouth. >> It's very like rare looking. >> Is that just the lighting? >> What's your favorite flavor? >> The mayonnaise. I didn't put a lot on the burger, but it is delicious. >> All right, we just got our fortune cookies. I forgot to show you. Mine says, "Love is on its way." Look at that. Your friend will bring joy and laughter into your life. >> So, the parrots fly up to the front of the park a couple of times a day. I decided to take a little break over here by Yak and Yeti. >> All right, so we're just leaving Yak and Yeti. Lunch was amazing. But as we were walking away, I just saw something that I don't think I've ever noticed. >> Down behind Drink Walla here, there's like a little sunken area, little private kind of seating area back here. Look at I don't think I've ever noticed that it's so loud right now. Sorry. >> Yeah, you can get your own little private table under the water here. >> Wow. >> It's like a little overwater bungalow. >> Oh, just kidding. It's Oh, there's a boat there. >> Oh, >> holy cow. How is that boat still afloat? It's got holes. >> I don't know. I don't know. >> I guess it's barely a float. >> This is cool. How have I never noticed this? >> I don't know. But you could watch kite tales from here. >> Oh man. >> Rest in peace. from Yak and Yeti. We are headed back onto Discovery Island to go get better zoo together. There she is. Kevin over there. That's not where we're headed. We're headed here >> to to see a foxy dad. >> That's not from this, is it? >> From Zootopia. >> Oh, it is. Okay. >> Unexpected special effects. It's is an untamed and unhinged three 3D theatrical adventure. I hope you're ready. The the warning sign said that this is unhinged. >> It did? >> Yeah. >> Oh, no. I love that. >> We got a light. >> Oh my goodness. Scary. We got a lightning lane for this and it didn't really matter, did it? >> No, but you know, >> that's nice. Nice to have, isn't it? >> Oh, I should mention lightning lanes were $22 today. We just like came out of that cave and there was all kinds of dinosaurs carved in. There's an elephant here, but we saw this one right here. All right. Yeah, that one's a rhino. But there was just a lot of dinosaurs in that section. That was interesting. >> A T-Rexiosaurus. >> Something like that. Yeah. >> Pterodactyl and a giant squid. >> What's this? >> What? Another They're all holding each other's tails. An anklossaurus >> and a swallow. >> And then a pelican, I think. >> Or maybe just more swallows. I >> was in college in the early 2000s and everybody swallowed. >> Oh, yeah. We got like two. >> Yeah. >> Fun fact about me. I have two swallows, but they're robots. >> You're not like the other girls. >> I'm like a robot girl. Now we've made it into the bug section because we're going to see it's tough to be a Zootopia. So, this is the story of Zoo Gather Day. Thousands of years ago, natural forces ruled our world. The world was divided into two vicious predators and meek prey. But over time, we evolved and moved beyond our ancient wild ways. Our ancestors joined together in harmony and declared that anyone any anyone can be anything. Happy Zoo Day. On Zug Day, we unite and celebrate the special connection shared among all living things. That was hard to do. It's being eaten. Oh, is it feeding it? I think it might be feeding it. It's like a dinosaur. >> That was a bird. I think that >> No, there used to be a whole section of this park devoted to dinosaurs. >> Are we going right in? >> Look at that. No, wait here. Yeah, sure. >> Oh, wait. We should go one row up cuz this is Okay, I think it's okay. We'll be all right. I certainly hope during this show we get a fully licensed song from Shakira on everyone. >> Caravision 3D. >> Now your job. Okay. Wow. really getting sprayed here. Buffalo for legal reason I can't. >> As we're exiting the theater, I wanted to show you guys like it's dried off a little bit, but like we I got kind of wet on that show. So, what did you think? >> So, okay. My my honest thoughts are it was hard for me to follow as an adult, so they have to pack in a big story line in a very short amount of time. It's a pretty short show, so I don't know how kids are following the story. >> Oh, that's the Tik Tok generation. They're like >> had a lot of funny moments, a lot of like, you know, with the 3D. They obviously use the 3D as part of the the humor. Um, I thought it was cute though. I did. I thought it was cute. I I don't know what people are so mad about, >> you know. >> Oh, well, people were mad. >> Oh my gosh, everybody was mad. >> Oh, >> I I don't know. I I would watch it again on a hot day. If it was raining, I'd run in there. And you know what I mean? It's got good uh hop in there for some air conditioning. >> The thing that did get me though, I forgot about those seats. >> The little the little things in the seats. >> Yeah, >> that got me. >> Spoiler alert. >> Yeah. Well, I mean, you probably might want to know that that's going to happen. >> Yeah, it goes underneath your booty butt. >> It tickles your butt. All right, our last lightning lane is over at Expedition Everest. So, that's where we're headed to. Got one last ride for the day. There it is. The Forbidden Mountain. We're going to go on Expedition Everest. Says it's a 40minute wait, >> but we're going in the Lightning Lane. The Himalayan Escapes welcomes Expedition Everest. All right, 40-minute wait, Lightning Lane. Right now, it is 111. I'm just checking in. Um, nobody's here yet. Oh, proceed to the mountaineering offices. All right, that's where we're headed to. The mountaineering association. All right, so we are just checking in. Okay. All right. Well, there seems to be nobody here. Check their operating license. Ooh, look at this. There's like no line at all. Oh, wait. That's the single rider line. Just kidding. We're going to the Yeti Museum. Oh, man. It's pretty rough. Mystery of the Lost Expedition. Oh yeah, we know what happened to these guys. They got eaten by a yeti, right? There's a picture of it right there. Meet me at the sassy yeti. >> So, here's what's interesting. You can see the steam pipes there for the smoke effect. Yeah, caution steam. You can see the the trailer like the engine is not steaming now, but when it gets here, the steam blows up in there. And then it'll start steaming. You see? Came right here. There it goes. Let's go get that Yeti. Oh, no. I forgot my backpack. Oh, it's bright out. Oh, look. There it is. I always like the hills on this cuz you can hear like random things rolling backwards through like the ride. Oh, yeah. Back rows are best. Uh getting quick with some rain here. >> Uh maybe just a little bit. >> Oo. Listen. Listen to this. >> I don't hear anything. >> No. When you're when you're in here, you hear the bells. No, >> I mean like stuff like rolling through the I can see Pandora from here. I can see Epcot from here. We What are they building back there? Oh, that was We got a quick view of uh of uh some tropical Americas. Should we get some hair ties? Are they okay back there? Wa! Oh my gosh. Can't see anything. Oh my gosh. This camera can't keep up with this ride. Oh. Oh my gosh. We got my eyes. I can't see anything. There's a Yeti right there. >> Feel a little bit drippy. >> That was scarier than I remember. >> I think we made it. >> I think so. I feel like Expedition Everest has some good merch. I like this. Himalayan Track Repair established 2006. Is that when Expedition Everest opened is 2006? Celebrating its 20th year this year. In the gift shop, there's this up section. Look at this up hat. Charting and it charting a course for adventure. >> Oh, that's cute. >> It's like a trucker hat. Yeah, >> I like that. >> But it's like not a traditional trucker hat. It's like I don't even know how to describe this. Like a new style. >> It's like an adventure hat. >> Ah, yes. This is not up to code. I don't think such small wires. Is this how this works? >> So, I wanted I don't have an Animal Kingdom shirt and I really like this one, but this is a kid shirt. M. >> It is an extra large, but I don't know if that would fit me. >> It would be like a belly shirt, maybe. >> I think I don't think it would be a belly shirt, but I just don't know. >> Okay. >> But I do this. This is what I want. Give this to me in adult sizes. >> Okay. Bigfoot's cooler, cousin. >> Oh, something called Goodland Supply Company. I'm so tired. I've been walking for Everest. Are you going to go climb Mount Everest? Boy, do I have the shirt for you. Wait till your sherpa see you walking in with this shirt on. >> I like this one. >> Yeah, it's interesting cuz it's not like a Disney shirt. It's from something called Good Land Company. >> These are fun. >> Yeti to party. >> What's that? Grow your own yeti. >> Oh, I don't think I want to do that. That seems dangerous. >> Just add water. >> Oh my goodness. >> Gradually emerges from an enchanted ice block. >> What? >> I don't know. >> Look at him. He's kind of fun. Wait, do you put you put it in water and then a plushy comes out? >> I I don't actually. We'd have to like buy it. >> I'm going to buy this thing. >> Are you going to buy it? >> Continues growing for over 72 hours. >> Oh, it must be one of those things. You know how you would put it in water? Like the pill in water and then like a dinosaur would pop out? >> Yeah. >> It must be like that. >> I'm going to buy this. >> Are you? >> Yeah. >> Okay. For science >> for 5-year-olds. We'll give it Yeah. I think our kids would like it. I like all these little like wooden versions of the Yeti, especially this one on the far right that's just fully eating a person. So, we're all done riding Expedition Everest. Fun as ever. I just talked about the Yeti eating the person. There's another one fully eating like a livestock. These yetis are a mess. So, now that we're done riding Expedition Everest, that was our last lightning round that we made. We could make more, but we're kind of running out of time. We left Jackson School, but I want to go back and try that ice cream sandwich. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. I feel like we had a little bit of time to digest our humongous lunch. >> Yeah, we got we got to shake and digest it on Everest. >> Did you you did mention about the um how zero waste and how even though we didn't finish our food, it does go to back to the park. >> I didn't mention that yet. >> Oh, yeah. We should tell you guys about that. So, Animal Kingdom is the pilot park for Disney's goal to be zero waste across all of Walt Disney World by 2030. So, that means that Animal Kingdom is the closest to zero waste out of all the parks. So, even though if you don't finish your food at a restaurant, they still take it back, turn it into compost, and they use that for the land, for doing the plants, the land, or any of the other horiculture that they do around the park. >> Yeah. So, even though we didn't finish our lunch, cuz those portions were huge. Definitely sharing size portions over at Yak and Yeti. Um, don't feel bad because it helps the park. >> Yeah. We're kind of headed back the way that we came towards the uh the safaris. We we passed by the place that has the brownie ice cream sundae cookie dough thing on the way in. It wasn't open, but that's where we're headed back to. Across from Creature Comforts, which is the Starbucks location here at Disney's Animal Kingdom. All right, we made it back to Tusker House and Dawa Bar over here in Harambe and we're turning to the left. To the right is the Safari, but we're going to the left. See if the line has gone down. Last time I was here, the line came all the way out to the bridge for this ice cream sandwich cookie dough thing. Good news is the line is not across the bridge, but it's here. Doug and Russell coming through. They said, "Out of my way. Out of the way." Here comes Doug and Russell. All right. So, I haven't looked up anything on this before, but I thought it came on a plate. No, >> it doesn't. It just comes like in a wrapper. >> No, cuz it's a cookie. It's a cookie dough ice cream sandwich. >> In the dead of summer, this thing's going to be melted everywhere. >> Well, you don't have to worry about that today. >> Not today. It's cold today. >> Good news. >> Softer than I thought it was going to be. >> Oh, is it? >> All right. >> Fantastic. The brownie is a little bit chewy. Chocolate chips add a nice little crunch. There's also little sprinkles in the cookie dough as well. Wow. Let me see this layering. Wa. M. >> Could you eat the whole thing? It looks like pretty big. >> I can eat that. >> Yeah. Wo. >> That's really sweet. >> It is crunchy. Yeah. So, the the sprinkles and the chocolate chips give it a crunch. The brownies chewy. I've only got a couple bites. >> Yeah. >> On the way out, we're passing by Island Merkantile. They've got this Pandora Disney Rings collection. >> I love this. Who's this? >> That's the evil. >> Is it an evil person? >> Well, this one is, right? That's Maleficent. >> So, who's that? I don't know. >> That's my favorite one. I'm going to ask. >> Okay. All right. So, it's Anna and Elsa and they stack together to make a snowflake. >> Wow. I like that. That's fun. >> I'm We could wear matching shirts. >> I'll wear this one. You wear that one. >> Who's buying this? >> You. I don't think I'm really going to buy it, but this is like >> There was one time that you held up a shirt that was sparkly just like this. >> I don't know. >> Well, maybe you people love Gazelle as much as they love uh, you know, pigments. So, the create your own headband have mystery boxes now where you just pick a box and you don't know what you're getting for your topper, but they do have a rainbow headband so that no matter which color topper you get, it'll match. >> This is also just like cute by itself if you want a headband. Oh yeah, >> that's cute. >> Are these more? These are $ 13.99. How much are like the normal >> toppers? $13.99. It's the same price. >> Oh, look at this gold one. >> Wo. Gold Mickey. You get a gold Mickey and a gold Minnie. >> Yeah. >> Wow, >> that's kind of fun. >> Holy macaroni. Oh, exclusive to Animal Kingdom here. A little safari hat. Mickey and Minnie. >> These are cute. Look. And then here's Mickey. Those are fun. >> I'm like such a sucker for these blind boxes. I feel like I want to get them to try to get the the secrets. So, there are two secret characters. >> If you buy it, you have to wear the ears. >> But here's the thing is you there are two of them and you aren't sure if you're going to get both of them. Like you might not even get one. Yeah. I think you just you just get what you get, >> you know. >> All right. This is ending our time in Animal Kingdom. We're headed up to the front right now. Glorious glorious day. I liked it a lot. It was a lot of fun. Yeah, >> we got to ride three fantastic rides. Well, the middle one was I wouldn't call it so fantastic. It was it was good. >> You know, >> I liked it. >> I'm not saying I didn't like it. I'm saying like it's not comparable to the best safari we've ever had and expedition ever. >> So, one thing I didn't mention, I don't the thing that I find I have the biggest problem with is I don't think it has a lot of free rideability, >> right? >> I don't think it's one of those things that you you're like itching to ride again, right? Unless you're like Zootopia's biggest fan. >> Clawouser. >> Yeah, that's true. >> That's you. They should be selling donuts in there. >> Oh, yeah. >> Right. Get a donut. You go in, you eat a donut while you're watching. >> I don't think they want you to eat food in there. >> That's true. I don't think they do. There it is. A squirrel. I've never seen one before. There's an anteater sleeping down there. >> Look at that. >> It looks like a bush. >> It does look like a bush. >> Where's his face? >> I think inside of itself. It said she curls up like a cat when she's sleepy. It really does just look like a pile of pine straw, doesn't it? >> Yeah. Is that the only one in there? >> Yeah, I think so. >> A giant anteater. This is what the anteater would look like if it were awake >> and animated. All right, that was our day at Animal Kingdom. Like I said, fantastic. Had a really, really good day. Food was delicious. The rides were fun. >> Even though it rained a little bit in the morning, at the time that we were on the safari, after we were done, it stopped raining. The weather was great honestly. Like I I feel like the weather made the day better. It >> was fantastic. >> Yeah. >> So, all in all, a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Time to pay the price.
