---
video_id: i4-TxjnMcHE
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "I Have A Donald Duck Labubu, Piano Lesson Update & He's An Artist! | Cozy Little Home Vlog!"
published: 2026-02-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4-TxjnMcHE
---
Good morning and happy home vlog. Uh today we're actually going to Mardigra. It's the first like official day of Mardigra. So we're going to be going there later, but we thought why not have a little start a little home vlog before we go to Marty GR. So right now we're going to go run and I have to mail some stuff out for my depot. Depop is kind of like an online sort of like a thrift store basically, but it's like all my clothes and Jem's clothes. So we're going to run to the post office cuz I did sell something. So, I'm going to go drop that off and we're going to grab some coffee. We have the kids in the car. They're obsessed with Steve's Lava Chicken song right now. Is it going to play? I also have a little game that we're going to play in the car. Play Steve's Lava Chicken. Uh-oh. Steve's Lava Chicken by Jack Black from Spotify. Oliver loves Jack Black. He goes, "Just play any song by Jack Black." I'm going to just wait till the the mail person is like right there. Okay. So, I'm going to wait and drop our mail off before we leave. All right. 2 minutes. Okay. Oliver's singing it. So, we got this little card game. I don't remember where we got it, I think. Come on, keep doing it. Oh, okay. Hold on. Let me just tell them. And it's basically like a like a questions kind of a game. And so, okay, here's a good one. Pick a family member and act out pretend to be like them. Oliver, who would you pretend to be? I will pretend I'll be um a giant baby robot. A giant baby robot? Is there is there somebody in our family who's a giant baby robot? No. Oh, okay. Here's a good one. I love that. That's a great answer, buddy. Would you rather have a magic carpet or a robot? Is a robot magic? No, he's just a robot. Robot. Because robots could help you. Robots. That's true. Robots can help you. What about you, Oliver? Would you rather have a magic carpet or a robot? A magic carpet. A magic carpet so you could fly everywhere. I know, but that doesn't help to do anything to fly everywhere. Helps you. It would it would get you over traffic, but it would be cold on cold days. I think it' just be cool to be able to like fly above the clouds and stuff. Ooh, here's a fun one. Do you want breakfast for dinner or dinner for breakfast? Breakfast for dinner. What would you eat? I would eat pancake. A pancake. If you could ask an animal a question, what would you ask them? Uh, I'll tell a chameleon to change colors for me and make a Pikachu. And make a Pikachu. I like that. I've never seen a chameleon change colors before. So, that'd be pretty cool to see. What about you, Oliver? What would you If you could talk to an animal, what would you ask them? What if we saw a puppy? Would you ask him for a playd date? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. So, they were at the playground and uh a dog walked by and he he was telling my sister, he was saying, "Can we tell that the dog's mommy that I want to have a play date with him?" Which I thought was very cute. If you were to receive a gift right now, what would you want your gift to be? Six revives in it. Oh. Oh, you're talking about a gift in Pokémon Go. Just a gift in in real life. Like a birthday present. Like a present. Oh, that'd be easy. I would like a pogo stick. A pogo stick. Wo. Where did this uh pogo stick idea come from? Oh. Um I just wanted to try a pogo stick. Oh, okay. So, we did go to Marty Gro. Had a super fun time. We'll link that video in the description down below. But the next clip that you guys are going to see is our unboxing of the blind box that we got at Disney Springs cuz we forgot to show it to you guys when we went to Disney Springs. Well, it was I put in the video and I'll link the Disney Springs video down below, too, if you didn't see it. But I put the clips in of us trying cakes later, but I forgot to put in the blind box unboxing. Yeah. So, here's Jackson opening up in the morning. Let's open it up. Three, two, one. Let's see. What do you think it's going to be? You want it to be the mystery one, right? That's what I want that one. Mommy doesn't even know what the mystery one is. No, but I You're going to tell me. Yeah. Now you got to open that bag in there, too. All right. Is there a special spot to open the bag? Come over here, buddy. Right there. You see these little notches? Pull that. Do a little rip. Oh, good job. Oh, who is it? Oh, I see. Oh, it's Donald. Oh, that's a fun one. Oh, what's the mystery? It is. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to a home vlog. I almost couldn't get the word home out because I was trying to accentuate the H and then it made my voice give out and I was just like home. So, oh, Oliver's doing Mario level. Let me show you. Show me your Mario level. So, just watch me beat it. Okay, I'm going to watch you beat it. Here we go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Good job. Nice work, bud. Where you going? Where's the end of it? Good job. Today's an exciting day full of grocery shopping and doctor's appointments. Excitement is abounding. So, that's something that we talked about in our our New Year's Eve vlog as we were talking about how we really wanted to like, you know, get control of our health and we actually started this journey last year. Yeah. And um I feel like we've been doing pretty good. I think so. Been really trying to keep on top of it. So, we both have doctor's appointments. You did? He's so funny. Um, but we yeah, we've been we've been really trying to keep on top of everything, like getting regular blood work done and yeah, I feel good. So, yeah. Um, you guys want to see my my blood work action? Look at this. I got a big bruise from I had to do blood work the other day and they took eight vials out. That was a lot. So, we just took Jackson to school and um today we both have like a teleaalth like Zoom calls with our doctor and then I'm having a little breakfast. I'm having some eggs and a little cheese on an English muffin with some ketchup. We had originally planned to do a live show today, but my sister was sick this morning, so she couldn't come in to help today. But, uh we're going to see if we can still do a live show. We got to figure that out. Maybe when Oliver's napping. We'll see. We'll see. His napping has been, you know, like challenging. Uh, yeah. So, so if he naps at like an earlier time, we'll definitely do a live show. But I guess you guys will, you guys would know. Tell us if we actually do the live show. I had a question for you guys. So, Jackson's been playing Pokémon Go. It got me back into Pokémon Go. And, uh, Jen just got an advertisement on Instagram for Pokémon Go. Yeah. I think Lady Gaga and Trevor Noah and like big time celebrities. I think it's like a it's it's coming back, baby. We're doing it. We're ahead of the game. We're trends setters. Oo, look at us. I don't know about all that, but I don't know. We didn't even We weren't even beginning to be advertised for Pokémon Go until we started talking about it. So, had to have been us, right? All right. We took a little break to do some art. What are you painting? Um, I'm painting the thing you draw. I drew this for you? Yeah. and you're painting it in. So, I made like almost like a coloring page for you to paint in. So, we have a flower, a happy sunshine, a little bumblebee, and a cloud up there. Let me color the cloud. Ooh, I love it. It's a yellow cloud. Yeah. Ooh. Now, we put some more water. Do you want to pick another color? Maybe like purple or blue or green. Orange. Do you know mommy's favorite color is orange? Did you know that you did? Yeah. Ooh, a beautiful orange sun. Nice work. It looks awesome, bud. I love that, bud. What do you think? Good. Good. What else do you have to do? Do you want to add anything else to your masterpiece? Yeah. Oh, okay. What are you going to add? I'm going to add um brown and purple and blue and some green. Oh, okay. What color do you think it's going to look like? Oh, you going to put it in the water? Yeah. Okay. I'll put water days. Oh, is it raining? Are you like putting some raindrops? Yeah. Oh, I like that. A little more. Okay. there. I love it. Um, if I do some more raindrops. More raindrops. Okay. So, so this is a rainy day, but maybe because the sun's out, it's a sun shower. What do you think? Good. Okay. Yeah, I like that. Wow, buddy. I now I want you to color some more things like on the on a new paper. Yeah. Okay. What should I color this time? This um you color um I want to use I color um these again. Some more bumblebees. Yeah. Maybe some butterflies and like a caterpillar. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to do it. All right. And and make sure do the um flower and rocks and sun and don't forget the clouds. Okay, buddy. All right, you got it. All right, so this time Oliver is going to draw it and I'm going to paint it. Oh, what are you drawing? I'm drawing um a booty butt monster. A booty butt monster. A booty butt monster. Oh no. What is What is that? Now put some more. Oh, yeah. Draw me lots of things to to paint. Now paint it. Now paint it. Okay. Can you draw me a heart? Yeah, you can. There. Oh, I love it. That's a great heart. Okay, I'll paint it now. All right. So, I'm all done with my beautiful painting. So, we have our What did you say? This was a booty butt monster. And then we have our very happy sun. And then this was a galaxy over here. Are you drawing another happy face? You love to draw smiley faces, buddy. There's his nose. And this is his belly button. Oh, that's his belly button. Yeah. Oh, wow. His feet. Oh, I love that. And nest. What's that? And don't forget his head. His head. Oh, so this isn't his head. And don't forget that. What's that? That's a line so he can't move. Oh, okay. It's a line that he can't move across. Yeah. Okay, cool. I should I paint this one now? Yeah. What color should he be? What's What color is his body? So, it's up to uh the painters's discretion, I think. But this is how the first one turned out. And I think it looks pretty darn cool. I just got back from my doctor's appointment. What are you guys doing in here? We're doing the laundry. What did you What did you Hi, buddy. You Oh, I love you. What did you help mommy with? What' you help mommy with, Oliver? Oh, wait. Hold on. Hold on, buddy. Hold on. Digging in your drawer. No. No. We're doing Remember, we're doing the I want to play with it with my dirty sock. Oh, no. Show daddy what you painted. Wait, let me have that dirty sock. Show daddy what you Yeah. Good job. Show me what you painted. Show daddy what we painted. Is it over here? Whoa. Is a butterfly and a flower and a caterpillar. No. No. That's a butterfly. And this is a And this is um a cat. Oh my goodness. And there's a cloud and some sunshine. A flower. Oh, wait. Show me the other ones, buddy. There's other ones. What's this? Looks like a donut guy. Show daddy what you drew. Oh my goodness. What was this guy? Guess. You'll never guess what this guy's name is. Which one? This one. Uh what's what's his name, buddy? Bluebird. Blue. No. What was his name? Oh. Um, diaper robot. Did you hear him burp? I called it diaper robot. I burped in the middle of it. That is my favorite. Okay. Oh my goodness. I think Oliver is all of us today. He does it. Like it's winter time still. It's getting warm here in Florida. It's 62 out right now, but it's kind of cold in the house. Still left over from this morning. And like look at him just snuggled up in a cozy. This is actually a robe, not a blanket. He's reading a Pokémon book. The Pokemon encyclopedia, if you will. Oh, I won't. So, it's a little bit later. We are all done with our doctor's appointments. I think Tim already told you that. But, um, yeah, everything's looking great. So, I'm really happy that we have started to, like I said, we started this last year, but I think it's just it's really important or was really important to us at least to make the time to just keep an eye on our health. So, that's what we've been doing. And I'm I'm really happy that we've been able to like keep up with it and that we have been continuing to do it. So yeah, so I talked to my doctor. Everything's good. My uh blood pressure, all that is great. And um cuz it was a little high when like we started seeing when we started regularly seeing the doctor. And so that was something that I was definitely wanting to keep an eye on. Um and it's good. So I'm very happy. It's in a super healthy range. And yeah. So, yeah. So, and um Tim is upstairs putting Oliver to bed because he's been having I don't know if he told you about his hands, but he's been having some really hard times with like the weather and his hands cracking and they've been cracking so much they just like will split open and just start bleeding. So, I'm going to do the dishes because that's a big like that really makes his hands dry out a lot. So, I'm going to do the dishes while he's putting Oliver to bed. And then we have I have to do some laundry. I wanted to go through I wanted to add some more stuff to my depot because there's not a lot of stuff on there now and I wanted to just I have so much stuff to add to the depot. So, I wanted to do that. I also wanted to just like clean up because the house after the weekend is a wreck and I just keep making more of a mess. So, um I need to clean up some stuff. And then today, oh Jackson has his piano lessons today. But we have we also have Jackson's parent teacher conference today, which I'm excited to see how he's doing. I know how he's doing because I just got his report card, which was great. But um but yeah, and he's I still can't believe that he's a in kindergarten and b going to be a first grader next year. That is wild to me. I just I still can't believe it. Time is weird. What is time, you know? So yeah. All right, I'm going to do the dishes really quick and I'll be right back. So, I don't know if you guys remember, but when we went to the outlets, the Disney outlet. I was looking for these glasses that I saw on Summerhouse, Amanda was wearing them on Summerhouse. It's a reality show. I don't really know how to explain it. It's just people that live in New York, but they go to the Hamptons in the summer for like a summer share house, basically. Anyway, one of the girls on the show had these sunglasses that look so cool and I was trying to find them and they looked like they were very expensive. So, I was trying to find a dupe for them and I found the exact ones that she was wearing and they weren't like the um you know, they weren't like some like $300 like luxury brand, but they weren't like Amazon prices either, but I just I don't know if I could find the exact ones that she had, I wanted to try them. So, I found them. These are them. They just came. They're from Otra. I've never heard of this brand before, but let me show you what they look like. I'm not like I don't have my hair done or anything, so they're not going to look as cool as they would if I were like styled, but let me show them to you. Okay, these are them. How do they look? I kind of love them. They're like not like any of my other sunglasses that I have. And they're obviously not like super tinted. So, they're not going to be like as effective as some of my other glasses are, but they're more for like fashion. Um, I love these so much. They're so retro. I think with my hair down, these would be so cool. So, these are the glasses. I found them. I found the exact ones that she had. These are them. I'm going to link them down below in case any of you guys are like interested. But, I really love them. This is not an ad at all. I paid for these. I just really liked them and I was on the hunt for them. I even talked to Dr. our eye doctor. And I was like, "Do you know what these might be or like do you know if there's like do you guys have anything like this?" And so she was trying to find them for me. And then um a blog post actually said these are the glasses she was wearing. So I found them. And one of you messaged me as well and said, "Hey, these are the glasses." And I was like, "Cool. Thank you." But yeah, these are them. I love these so much. I don't know. What do you think? These are probably like you either love them or you hate them. I love them. Okay, I finished the dishes, but then I dirtied some more dishes because I made lunch. Tim is back. I'm eating blueberries. Those are from Oliver's lunch that he didn't eat. We got to go grocery shopping cuz he really likes strawberries, but we ate all the strawberries. We don't have They ate all the strawberries. But I made some rieton. Is this rietoni? I think this is rigetoni. Yeah. with this carbone crushed red pepper like arbotta sauce, but I made it with a little heavy whipping cream. I So, I like made my pasta, heated up a little bit, like took the pasta out, heated up a little bit of the sauce in the pan, did a little bit of the heavy whipping cream, and then added some parmesan. So, apparently that's how they make it at the place. There's there's like a place that this is from like a famous restaurant and that's how they make it. They add the whip like the whipped cream whipping cream whipping cream the heavy cream into the sauce. So, I'm trying it. All right, let's do a a taste test. There it is. It's still pretty hot, though. Yeah, it's pretty spicy. So, without the heavy like the the heavy cream, I feel like it might be too spicy. It reminds me of the I tried the Bulldock like the you know the stuff on Instagram that everybody's eating the like Bulldock noodles the like spicy noodles. I got some of those. I got the carbonara ones that everybody's been making. They It's way too spicy. Like way way way too spicy. So this kind of is giving that spice level, but with the heavy whipping cream, I think it's it's a little more manageable. Very good. I do like it. No. All right, here we go. All right, it is a little bit later on. I've got my new sunglasses on. Look how they're just so fun and like retro. I love that. So, we just came back. We got Jackson from school and we had the parent teacher conference. And she said that uh Jackson is doing all first grade work right now. So next year he'll be doing second grade work. When he's in first grade, which is great. So he's in kindergarten right now. Yeah, he's in kindergarten doing first grade work and when he goes into first grade, he'll be doing second grade work, which is cool. So we're very proud of him. He's doing a great job. They're doing like a pretend Pokemon battle in the back. Oh, we have to go back for the piano lessons. We can't go to Oh, shoot. Okay. Uh, we were just thinking we would run to the grocery store on the way home, but we can't because Jackson has piano lessons today. And mom, guess what? What? I hatched an egg. And guess what it was? Uh, it was a geodude. No. What? It was a Munchlax. A Munchlax. I hatched a Munchlax. That's cool. It was like so strong. It was a really strong Munchlax. Well, good job, buddy. All right, but we're headed to back to the house so that we can get Mommy. The piano. Yes, buddy. I didn't hatch any eggs. You didn't hatch any eggs. Were your eggs not ready to be hatched? Nope. Oh, no. That's okay. Maybe they'll be ready. No. No. He He wasn't playing. Oh, he wasn't playing. No. Well, maybe tomorrow you can hatch some, bud. Okay. Okay. But we're headed home to do Jackson's piano lessons, and then I think we'll have to run to the grocery store, and then it'll be dinner time. Okay. We just got back home. Jackson had his piano lesson. I wish I could show you guys his piano lesson, but um the teacher comes here, so I don't like really want to film him, you know, but his his teacher is great. And Jackson's doing such a great job. He's uh What level did you say you were on, buddy? Uh 19. You're on level 19. Whoa. So 19. Page 19. Okay. But he's learning about the bass cleft. Okay. So Jackson is picking up songs by ear. So he has this song at school that he they sing. It's called Weather Watcher. It's to the tune of Farrajaka. And he was thinking about it and he heard one note as he was sitting down playing. He was like playing around on the piano. He's like he's like, "Oh, I know that note." And then he started doing and he started doing it and he was just like picking it up by ear and it was interesting to hear him do that. And that's the first song that he's ever done that with. And then there's other songs that I was the first song he did it with a toy piano instead. Oh yeah, he did. And he does like Mario songs too where he was like you did remember you were doing like whatever the like the sound is from Starman, you know, like when he gets a star. So his piano teacher was like, "We're going to do like this like left, right, right, left, right, right." And so that's the biggest thing that I think we need to work on is getting our rhythm down. But then he was also like moving from the C chord to the G chord. and he was going back and forth between those. And so that's where he has to practice his rhythm is like C to G. Sorry, I'm not very good at piano, but he has to go from the C to the G chord in that rhythm. The D, but he has to do it with both hands. So that's his practice for today. So he is also learning half notes and he's learning about the timing and he's about to get into reading music. Sometime later, we decided that well, we went to the grocery store and um we were kind of late getting out of the house to go to the grocery store, so we didn't get back until like the normal time that we would eat dinner. So, I just got stuff to make tacos. So, yeah, we're having tacos tonight. It's a taco night. Tacos are just really fast and easy to make. And so, yeah. So, we're doing tacos tonight. Here they are. Tacos. Wa! That was like magic. Wasn't supposed to crunch. Oh, I got a hard shell in there. Oh, but we did get this old El Paso taco kit tonight, but we thought it was a full kit. It's not. It's just the shells. Just six taco shells and six flour tortillas. So, it doesn't come with like the seasoning packet in it. I thought for sure it was like the whole thing. Thankfully, we had an extra seasoning packet. Yeah, that's why it was buy one get one free. Ah, yes. It's the evening time now. So, there is Pokémon Go, right? We talked a little bit about that. Mhm. And there is this thing called Dynamax Battles. And Jackson really wanted this Growlet that's out of Dynamax thing. Yes. And uh he had already played for the day, so he couldn't get it. And so I was like, I'll just go get it after he's asleep. Mhm. Apparently, you can only play you can only do Dynamax battles from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Well, do you need to do like Why? Know how you know how he like remotely went into Yeah. Brian's raid. Mhm. Do we need friends for that? No, this one it's not a very powerful Pokemon. Okay. It's just like they won't let you do it after 9:00 p.m. They're like, "No, not allowed to. Nobody should be out this late." I think that's the other thing probably truly. Um, but I think that's the other thing, too, that So, it's hard to set boundaries with kids when you want to do the thing that they want to do. Mhm. Right. So, like he had already played the game. We're really We're not like a no screen time household. Like you can have screen time like with if we're with you. You can't just like have a phone unattended or like you know watch TV without us like sitting down with you. Even when he plays Pokémon Go and stuff or like his video game, we're like right there. But we have like a 20 minute time limit and we're pretty strict on the time limit. Sometimes he might go over if we're I don't know if he's like in the middle of a level or something. And there are times where he's played longer because we've been on plane flights or train rides like that kind of a thing. But for the most part, we're pretty like we have a hard boundary of like 20 minutes cuz we don't want him just being on devices all day, right? So he had already played and we have that like hard 20 minute rule. But it's hard because you wanted to do it. Mhm. But we were like, "No, buddy." You know, like, "It's done. We We did it. You did it." Right. And that was really rough because he wanted to go do this Dynamax thing and he couldn't understand why he couldn't do both. He's like, "No, but you know, I really want to do this. It's just hard. It's hard to set boundaries period." Right? Like that's just the end of the sentence. But yeah, so that's what happened earlier. We were having a hard time. He was having a hard time. We were having a hard time. It was just a hard time. But I think the boundaries are good. Yeah. Like he he did eventually, you know, we had to like really um you know, just like sit down, let him have his feelings, tell him it's okay to have those feelings, you know, console him, snuggle him, tell you know, tell him I love I love you so much, but like these are the rules, right? And it's just like a hard part of parenting, you know? Yeah. It's rough. That's hard. But we all were fine in the end. We We made it out. We did. But yeah, that's just I don't know. Just Just so you know, like there are things where people are like, "Oh, your kids are so, you know, well behaved. I never see them cry." And it's like I'll never show you them crying, right? Like that's not like what this channel is. It's not like embarrassing our kids or like showing those moments, but they do happen, right? you know. So, yeah. Just so you know, we're like a regular family. We're just like two regular people, but like cool people. I think we're pretty cool, especially with my new sunglasses. Like, I'm pretty cool. Well, not really. I'm totally joking. I think I'm I I thought I thought I looked pretty cool when I was explaining about what Jackson could do on the piano and then I like did it without looking. Oh, yeah. Actually, that was cool. You were like, "Oh, just a little a little." I was like, "Look at me. I'm playing this piano." Speaking of the piano, the music teacher was like I was like, "Hey, is this like is this little keyboard that we got him for Christmas doing okay?" And he's like, "You should be like on a regular keyboard, piano, digital piano." But we didn't know that. We didn't know that we were going this route. Like when we bought the keyboard, we knew that he like wanted to kind of get into music, but we didn't know. We just didn't know at the time. I wish we thought about that cuz now now we just have this other keyboard. And like granted, it was expensive, but not as expensive as these digital pianos are. I don't know if it would have made it like it was a good way to dip our toes in to see like if he really was interested in Yeah. the bigger choice. And then Oliver can then play around on this piano but or on this keyboard. I'm having a hard time picking out which digital piano to get him because there's like brands that I've never heard of that are reasonably priced and then there's brands that I have heard of that just seem like why wouldn't I just buy a regular piano at that point? Right. So, my my advice was like, let's ask the piano teacher what what should we get because I don't want to get something that's cheap for the sake of it being cheap, right? If it's not good and we're going to end up having to buy another one anyway, right? You know, but I also don't want to spend like $800 on this like keyboard. What if he decides he doesn't want to do piano anymore like tomorrow, right? And then we have this $800 key. You know what I mean? I just so I want to see what the teacher says because I feel like he could tell us. And the teacher is excited about Jackson and we've already extended Jackson's lessons. Now he's going to be doing 45minute lessons rather than 30-minute lessons. Yeah. And so I think it's going to continue because Jackson likes it. The teacher says he's doing good. And when Jackson does something and somebody says you're doing really good at this, he's like super motivated. That is his motivation. Yeah, he's definitely motivated by like praise. So, yeah, I think he I think he will go further with this. And I hope Oliver does, too. Yeah. I don't know. He doesn't really seem like super interested in the lesson. Oliver, no. But he But he he loves the piano. He loves the piano. And whenever Jackson plays a song, Jackson's like practicing it and Oliver's over here like he's like singing along. He does. He does sing. He's a He's a little singer, I think. I think we all sing, but Oliver really sings. He does. Um, but yeah, so we're excited about piano lessons. Excited about maybe getting another piano, like a a better piano. Yeah. But yeah, do you guys have any advice? Any recommendations? Cuz I know some of you in the comments have said that you are music teachers or uh, you know, like somewhere in that field. So, I'd like to know what you guys think. Yeah. And I do also want to mention originally I was like, well, I could just go on like Facebook Marketplace and like people are giving away pianos left and right. I want something that we can control the volume of. And also I feel like if I get a free piano, it's going to require work. Well, as far as like tuning or you never really know what you're getting. The hammers need to be replaced or something like that. Yeah, maybe a rat lives inside of it. You never know. Plus, they're heavy. Um, and so I've kind of steered away from real piano. I'm like into digital piano. Well, he needs like the pedals and he needs the weighted keys. Yeah. He needs 88 keys, weighted keys, and the like where you if you press the key lightly, it plays a lighter sound. Yeah. Yeah. Or if you press it hard, it plays it louder. Yeah. Um I don't responsive touch or something like that. But he needs all those things. But he needs those things. If you have any thoughts, let us know. Yeah. So, but other than that, it was a fantastic day, week. So, thank you guys for following along. We had a fantastic time here and there and everywhere. And uh we'll be doing some more theme park stuff coming up really soon. But I think on the weekends it's going to be like home vloggy, you know? Yeah. So, so all in all, a fantastic few days. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
