---
video_id: PqbewIIKQIA
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "A Fun Day At Disney World's Magic Kingdom! | Doing Some Of Our Favorite Things!"
published: 2026-02-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqbewIIKQIA
---
Today's video is sponsored by Door Dash. More on that in just a little bit. >> Good morning from the Magic Kingdom parking lot. We're together. Look at us. Look >> going to Magic Kingdom. >> Well, the last few days we've been able to do videos together. >> Heck yeah. >> Yeah. It's been a lot of fun. >> And you know what our plan is for today? >> What? >> Magic Kingdom. >> Yeah, >> that's it. We're just going to go have fun. >> Well, I haven't been to Magic Kingdom. I can't remember the last time. I think it would have been for the Christmas party, >> right? >> I think that's the last time I came to Magic Kingdom. >> And so, we're headed in, man. Little breezy wind got us there. >> But it's going to get warmer. So, I didn't bring my big jacket cuz I didn't have anywhere to put it. >> Oh gosh. >> Right. >> Hope it gets warmer. >> So, we're heading into the transportation and ticket center. Ticket and transportation center. And we have to choose between the ferry boat or the Montreal, but it is cold enough today that we're taking the Montreal. Normally, we would just take the ferry boat. >> Does it matter which side we pick? >> No. This one's coming in right now, so we should go on this side, maybe. >> Okay. >> Actually, wasn't a very long wait for us to get to the Montreal. >> No. Like maybe 2 minutes. >> 2 minutes. >> Yeah, it was pretty quick. >> Welcome to the magical kingdom. >> Why isn't it called the magical kingdom? >> Well, because it's not magical. It's just magic. >> What? >> You know, does that make sense? >> No. >> Like it creates magic. >> It's not a magical place. >> Oh, we are the magic. >> We are you. You are the Isn't that like >> wasn't that song somewhere? >> My mind was just blown. >> How does it go? What am I thinking of? >> The the the >> the song >> the one from the last anniversary. The one from the 50th. The magic is in you. >> Oh yeah. >> Yeah. >> Did it do it? There it goes. Waiting for the noises. >> Gives me all the magical colors. Thank you. >> That train's going backwards. Who's in charge of this? Ooh, the hours today are long. 11 p.m. Wow. You can be here all night. First impressions of the crowd level. Not too bad. It's 11:18 on a Friday. It's 53 degrees outside, so it is warming up significantly. When I woke up this morning, it was 35. >> I'm still pretty cold. >> Yeah, but like I'm saying from 35 this morning. >> Yeah, that's true. >> You know, it's supposed to end up Oh, yeah. It smells good. >> I feel like when it's colder outside, the food smells like it travels more through the air. Is that like a scientific thing? >> It could be. You could make it one. >> I just I feel like the popcorn smell is like really popcorning. >> Okay, >> you know, >> I'm with you on that. I hear that. First stop, the Emporium. see what they got in there for Valentine's Day or just like anything new. See, I'm not and I'm sorry if you are, but I'm not a fan of Lounge Flies. >> I I think I like this style better cuz this could be like a like a mini diaper bag. >> And if we learned anything from the outlets, this wasn't originally $70 cuz the price is missing off the bottom. >> Oh, yeah. >> Probably just 60. >> I'm going to link that video down below. But I couldn't believe that it jumped up 20 bucks. Oh, so they did start to repaint the castle and this is kind of like harking back towards those colors. Not fully those colors, but almost >> this is cute. I like the tote and then the the ears. >> Yeah, >> it's giving like kind of winterish, you know? >> Okay. >> Little sparkies. >> Yeah, it's $37 for the eaters and $50 for the tote. Well, this feels very Valentiney. Oh, you love Monsters University. I do. You could keep your Monsters University soundtrack in there [laughter] >> cuz I know you love that soundtrack. >> How does it like I can hear it in my head but I can't like it's like it's like that kind of a vibe, you know? >> You are the magic. >> No. >> Well, this isn't Valentine's necessarily, but it is Angel and Stitch and Scrump. Who's this? They got ducks in here, too. >> Oh, >> do you know why there's ducks? >> No. Why? Because Stitch read the ugly ducking in the movie and he related to it. >> See, I thought it was like >> ducklings. >> I thought it was like chewy and porbs. >> Oh yeah, he loves to eat them. >> That's what I kind of thought. >> Yeah. >> What does Stitch eat? >> Yeah, hot dogs and stuff. Hamburgers, anything. >> Pizzas. >> Not ducks. >> No. >> Okay. Peanut butter. Sure. >> Peanut butter and bacon sandwiches. >> Okay. >> Anything he wants to really. Just not ducks. >> A duck. >> He might eat a duck. He might like, >> you know, like a roasted duck. >> Oh my. how the tables have turned for Meg. >> First she wouldn't say it, now she's on a sweatshirt. The most magical place on the most magical place on earth. >> But it's like uh it's like pink ladies. >> Yeah. >> From Greece. >> I like it. I like this one still. >> Oh yeah. Like it's the same thing just a different color. Says meet me at the castle. What does it say on the back? Same thing. Just me. Oh, nothing. Oh, >> I like that. >> I like this. >> How much is it? >> We've seen it before. >> Oh, and you get a matching hat, too. Look at that. It's not quite the same color, but you can make it work. 55. Okay, >> you can get your annual passholder discount. >> I like a really like nondescript fuzzy. Oh, it says happily ever after. >> Ooh, it's so soft. >> So soft. >> So my grandma worked for Disney World and they always had these like denim shirts that they would like with different characters and in the '9s, remember when they had all those like denim character shirts and she had this is like what she wore. So this reminds me of my grandma. I kind of love it. >> Oh yeah. I want to get one. >> You going to get one? >> No. Not >> be like a kindergarten teacher. >> No. I'm going to be a cool lady. >> Elementary school music teacher. Whoa. Can't get that on music school teacher salary. >> Why is it $80? >> Feel like this is manifesting. You're like, "Please, please, sir. Spring, please come. $50 for a sweatshirt." Oh, I like these. Look at this Donald socks. I love these. It's like old school Donald with his long neck and everything. >> Oh, I like these. Monsters University. >> Oh, scares. This is a novelty socks. $16.99 when you buy two. Does that mean two sets or just two socks? >> No. >> What? >> Boxy dad. >> Is that a Is this a Is this I feel like there should be more explained out of this. >> What What does this mean? >> Was it from Zootopia? >> I don't know. >> Did Did >> Why is it blue? >> It looks like Bluey, right? But the dad in Blue is not blue. >> Yeah, he's blue, but he's also not a fox. He's a dog. >> Yeah. The only fox that I can think of is from Zootopia, Nick Wild. But he's not a dad. >> And he's not blue. >> He's not blue. >> Is he a dad? I haven't I haven't seen Zootopia, too. Maybe they have a baby. >> Spoiler alert. Yeah. >> Did they some some friendship bracelets? >> We have. >> So, it is. It is for Blue. >> Yeah. We said it's from They said it's from Bluey. >> That's weird. >> A fox. >> Okay. >> I guess it'd be weird for you to say like dog dad. It's some Easter stuff already. Look at that. That's fun. I like it. It's very colorful. Also, nothing says Easter like the Tower of Terror. Making our way towards the castle. We did see that they were they've started doing some paint tests on the castle. See if we can find it because they are going to be repainting the castle to its original colors. >> But before we do that, let's have a word about today's sponsor. >> Today's video is sponsored by Door Dash. Most people who watch us are planning a trip to Orlando and are looking for tips to make their vacation go as smooth as possible. Here's a huge tip for you. Door Dash. Say you've spent all day traveling and you just checked into your vacation rental. There's no food in the fridge and you're too exhausted to head back out to find a place to eat. Door Dash has you covered. You can use the app to order groceries and a hot meal from a local restaurant to be delivered right to your door. That way, you can settle into your home away from home and unpack without having to worry about rushing to the store or navigating to a restaurant for a meal. The Door Dash app saves you so much time and can help your vacation adventure start sooner with less stress. Even if you're not on vacation, Door Dash can help. The other day, we were running around all day, and I didn't realize until dinnertime that we had forgotten to take dinner out of the freezer in enough time to thaw. So, we just opened up the Door Dash app and ordered our food from a local habachi restaurant, and it was delivered fresh and in no time at all. It was delicious and easy. So, be sure to download the Door Dash app and open your door to more. Door Dash isn't just restaurant deliveries anymore. Now, you can get almost anything you need delivered right to your door. groceries, convenience essentials, beauty and wellness products, pet supplies, home and office items, electronics, flowers, gifts, and more. And right now, you can get 50% off up to $10 on your first Door Dash order of $15 or more using our discount code Tim Q126. That's not valid on alcohol orders or restricted store IDs. And this is a limited time offer, so be sure to download the Door Dash app today. Wanted to say thank you to Door Dash for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. So, we stopped here in front of the castle. The paint patches I think are on the side. So, we're going to go look at those. But, I wanted to have a look at the wait times real quick. And when we left the house, real low, but right now, they've definitely shot up. >> That was about an hour ago. So, it took us about an hour to get from the house into the park. >> Right. >> So, a lot can change in an hour. >> Yeah. So, we're going to go have a look at this paint swatch. We're going to go ride people mover cuz that is always a short way. There goes Donald. Where's he headed to? Where you going, Donald? I like Donald's walk. Oh, yeah. You can kind of see this gray down here. Pretty unnoticeable, but if you look up at like the corbals up there, which are those little like things. I don't even know. Look teeth just underneath that gray. You can see it's pink in between the teeth, but the gray is underneath. So, that's either primer or a paint test cuz it's definitely not going to be gray. Also, there's no water down here. >> They emptied the water out. There's a guy there walking underneath the draw bridge. I don't know what he's doing, but they probably emptied this out so they could bring the large lifts in to get up and paint the castle. Oh, look at all the stuff. >> Oh, a bubble wand. >> Bubble wand. Hats. Lots of hats in there. >> Is that money? >> Money >> right there. You see that rectangle thing? >> I don't know. Maybe. >> Is it money? Oh no. Some some glass 3D glasses down there. >> From what? >> From Buzz Lightyear. No. What is it from? >> I don't know. >> Magic. Fil Magic in 3D. >> I don't know. We should watch that today. Oh, there's Is that a hat? >> Yeah, >> there's like five hats down there. Like a tiara down there. >> Multiple bubble wands. There's a Mickey one and an aerial one. >> Oh, look at the fish. >> There's fish. >> Oh, yeah. There's a couple of fish. They're not doing so good cuz there's not a lot of space for them to eat. >> Oh, these dead ones. >> Oh, dead ones. Oh my goodness gracious. Lots of dead ones. >> Yeah, those guys are really not doing well. >> Oh dear. >> So, I guess they don't move the fish when they take the water out. >> I guess not. >> You took the water, but you left the fish. >> Kind of weird. That's how you get fish polter guys. That's >> true. >> Some themed trash cans back here by the wishing well. >> I don't think I've ever noticed these trash cans before. >> Right. You can't eat on top of them. Maybe >> pointy top. Here you go. Now you can really see the gray color up against the pink color. So kind of like right in there. You can see the pink color peeking peeking right next to the gray color. Pretty interesting. Yeah, I think that's just a primer that they put on so far. But it looks like they have officially started painting. >> More hats. What do you think the oldest hat that they find down here is? And also, do you think they ever get rid of all this sludge? >> How could they? >> Just with shovels and stuff. It would take a lot, but like I guess they wouldn't need to. It's just fill it back up with water. There's the Matt Hatter Alice meet and greeting out here. I feel like is this common? I haven't seen this. >> I only ever see them at parties. >> Yeah, >> like at the the Christmas party, the Halloween party. >> Actually, at the Halloween party, it's usually Tweedled D and Tweedle Dum out here, >> right? >> But they're in their winter their winter attire. Alice just left. She's like, "Bye." >> I think she's watching them on the ride. >> Came into Cosmic Rays to see if there was anything to eat, something special for new or anything interesting to eat. And there he is. Sunny Eclipse >> singing us songs. I'm sure I've said this before, but Cosmic Rays has an interesting setup here where Sunny Eclipse is. You can see there's like a little bit of a gap right there. That's because this whole stage can lift up and you see that dome up there. Sunny Eclipse fits right into that dome up top so that they don't have to move an animatronic from the stage every time if they want to use this stage for say like during the Christmas party they have a DJ in here. There's just a whole another stage and they can load the DJ in underground and then he can raise up and just already be set up. It was just a just a quick stop into Cosmic Rays because we were trying to find something to eat right now. Uh not anything new that we found, but you know what [music] we could do? >> What? an old favorite. >> What's that? >> Cheeseburger [music] spring rolls. >> Oh yeah, I do love a cheeseburger spring roll. But I also wanted to mention we met some of you guys in there and you guys were doing uh bingo around the parking. >> And what if we did a bingo challenge, me and you, but like you guys made the board. >> Oh, I like that. >> Wouldn't that be fun? >> That'd be a good time. >> I think that would be so fun. Can we go into Star Traders for one second? >> Let's go into Star Traders. Oh, yeah. Look, pajamas. >> Those are fun. >> They're so soft. >> Pink pajamas. I like these, too. >> Blue paj like short sleeve ones. >> I think they come with pants still. >> Do they come with long pants or shorts? Okay, but this one's long pants and long sleeves. >> They're very cute. >> Yeah. >> And they're so soft. >> Yeah, it's good. You should get them. >> No, >> you're like he he will like anything I look at he's like, "You should buy it." >> You're like the little devil on the shoulder of like tie it. >> I said it to her in the car. She deserves it. I don't but like I also um and I am the one who like does the finances and I'm just like I don't think it's a good idea to just buy everything you see. >> It's true. >> Just just putting that out there. >> I'm going to buy another jacket real quick. Look at this. >> Are these all four parks? Oh, yeah. >> They have they have this, too. This isn't pajamas, but it's like loungewear. >> Oo, I like I do like this >> like ribbed loungewear. They got pink and blue available. And then you get slippers, too. >> Those are cute. Look at these. >> That's fun. Does it have the other two parks on the back? >> Yeah. >> Oh, look at that. I kind of love these. >> Yeah, >> these are fun. >> 30 $38 or something like that. >> And you can take the bow off. I love $37. I love that you can take the bow off of everything now. >> Yeah, >> that's cool. It's a good idea. It >> is good. There's another color of pajamas over here. They're brown. >> Where? This is more me. >> Oh, okay. It's like a sleep shirt. >> I'm a I'm >> like your eanese or Scrooge. >> I'm like a a night gown kind of a person. >> Yeah. >> Put me in a Victorian child's like, you know, thing. That's what I want. >> A Victorian child's thing. any of those. >> You know what I mean? Like the the dresses that they sleep in. >> That's >> a night gown. >> Yeah, I like this whole collection, but I think the pants were more >> more popular. >> Yeah, more popular than the shirt. The top. >> They don't have as many different sizes in the pants. >> Ding ding. >> You could get your uh your Valentine little flower bouquet. >> This is so flower bouquet. >> How much are they per flower, though? >> Per flower. Let's see. They're $17 per flower. >> Oh, man. >> Wow. >> How much is a bouquet of roses? I don't not You don't pay $17 per rose. >> Yeah, that's true. >> Who bear? >> It's so cute. >> I kind of do love it. >> Stitches in there, too. You don't stitch. >> That's fun. >> It's pretty adorable, >> right? There's the Valentine's Day ears. >> Oh, I didn't realize that the stems were bendy. >> Yeah, you can like put them on your stuff. You >> wrap it around your She's wearing it like a bracelet. >> Oh, that's fun. All right, having a look at anti-gravities. Don't see anything specific for Valentine's Day here, >> but we always got to look inside cuz sometimes they have a secondary sign inside. So, because it's cold, they are advertising hot chocolate and coffee in here, but I'm not seeing anything that is specific to Valentine's Day or anything really. Just like regular old milkshakes and floats. As we're passing by Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin, you can see they've put a wall out here and moved it way out. And we can see that they've taken down all the signage in there. We're going to go up on the people mover so we can really see it. But yeah, it's interesting cuz they they're really working on it. >> It's true. >> It's happening. >> Let's get on the People Mover. >> Okay. [laughter] >> Got in line at 12:08. >> Now we're on the moving walkway heading up. I think we did pretty good. People mover. I love it. >> I totally forgot that the people mover is going to be cold today because it's cold day. >> It is cold actually. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's 12:14. It's 57° out. >> Pretty chilly. >> I know. I say like 57 sounds warm. >> Not in the shade. It's different in Florida. I don't know how to tell you guys. >> In the in the sun. In the sun. It feels great. So, we met some people from Minnesota, northern Minnesota yesterday or the day before. And they said they were cold here. >> They were like, we had four layers on. >> It's different. There's something about Florida. >> It's the humidity. >> There's a spaceship monk down there. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people mover. >> Your journey has been >> I hope it stops right here where I can just see the safety. Please remain. >> I wanted to see backwards. >> We're going backwards. Oh, yeah. Look, you can see that they took down all the signs and stuff. There's still a tree in the way, but you guys can sort of get the idea of it. Every time I'm on this ride and they say bumping may occur. I'm like, is it going to happen this time? It never happened. >> What are we going to bump into? >> No, the car behind you is going to run into this one. >> They didn't send the car behind us. >> Oh, okay. We're not going to get [laughter] home. >> But like that's what has happened in the past. They like shut this down for a while to get that issue fixed. >> Gotcha. The bumping. >> The bumping. The coat. >> If you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity. Oh, >> the new signs are going to look like not take flight while on board. Thank you. >> Wee. >> Greatest in the galaxy. >> Except stars. Those are no longer sold. >> Oh, what? >> Why did we stop selling stars? >> Oh, >> was that a scam? >> Do you remember? Yeah. You could buy the like place in space that was like a star. I think that was probably a scale. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. >> I love a good circuit. >> Been a while since I've ridden Tron, but I don't think I'd want to ride it today because I feel like that blast coming out when you go outside of cold air would be terrible. >> Oh my goodness. Look at the line for Space Mountain. goes out the door and all the way over to the bathroom. >> Wa. I was going to say pass line. >> No. Could it? Is it >> lightning lane? >> To your right is the lightning lane's on the right. >> 60 65 minutes. >> That looks like a longer line. >> Oh, it stinks like paint in here. We're heading into the area where normally we'd be able to see into Buzz Lightyear, but it stinks cuz they're redoing Buzz Lightyear. So, it smells like paint in here. So, all the windows were completely blacked out. >> What are they What are they changing? >> They're They're changing the whole ride system. >> Oh, >> you got excited when we looked over there. >> Time to see this show. >> Take the time to see this show. Oh, monsters. >> Approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. >> My fellow sentient life forms, our people mover journey has >> sometimes I just like to look around. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a >> I was sort of doing with the camera. I was just kind of like pointing in areas. >> Well, I think that's kind of the point of the ride. >> To go out and explore tomorrow. >> Smells like wood. >> See you in the future. >> That was a really eventful trip on the people mover. >> Was it? >> We saw chipmunks. >> We were cold. We saw Stitch. We got a chance to look beyond the construction walls into Space Ranger Spin. One last look at Buzz Lightyear. Got the doors closed, but it is cracked a little bit. Can we see anything inside? >> I don't think so. >> All right, we came up with a plan. We're going to head over, get some cheeseburger spring rolls, then go over to Sleepy Hollow and get a corn dog. >> Yes. >> So, we've got a little bit of a path that we're going to take. >> But I'd like to I'd like to come back on a day where we like actually get a reservation cuz I I think I want to go to like Skipper Canteen one day. We haven't done that in a long time. >> Maybe the Plaza if we can. Maybe uh be our guest. We haven't done that in a really long time. >> Yeah. Cindy's Table. >> Uh I feel like that wasn't really worth the money. >> That's true >> for us. What do you think? >> Maybe. I don't know. >> Maybe if we had the kids, but I don't know if they'd eat what's on the menu there. >> I have no, you know, it's been so long since we've been there. I don't even know what's on the menu. >> Well, I think they change it kind of like often. >> All right, we're heading into Adventure Land right now. All the cheerleaders are here. I haven't seen more Tik Toks filmed ever in my life. The spring rolls are cheeseburger and pepperoni pizza, but like look at this line. It goes all the way down the bridge here. So, I love these spring rolls, but I do think it's time that we move them away from a cart. If the line's going to be long like this, they should put them in a building. >> No, this makes people like want to get in line. >> It's true. >> Like, what's that in line for? >> Spring rolls. >> Yeah. >> All right, we got our cheeseburger spring rolls. And we only waited in line like 3 to 5 minutes, maybe. >> They're It's so efficient. Yeah, they're they're pretty quick. The spring rolls are already made. So, you just like place your order and they just hand them to you. So, it's like >> bam, bam, bam. Now, we're headed over to Sleepy Hollow. Get a corn dog. Some people have asked me before, where do you get a corn dog in Magic Kingdom? Sleepy Hollow. >> So, you can get those mini corn dogs at Casey's and uh >> Oh, the sisters. Draella. >> I was like, who's yelling? >> Anastasia. They're yelling cuz they're the evil step sisters. >> They're always really nice when we meet them. It's true. >> So, maybe they're just misunderstood. >> They're just trying to get a husband. Here we go. Corn dog. That's what we're getting. And I put in my mobile order for Sleepy Hollow. And we're going to go sit in these little rocking chairs right here. This is sort of next to Hollow Presidents across from this. This is a ticket office right here. And Sleepy Hollow is right through that archway. And there's the Christmas shop. And there's a beautiful lady. Oh my goodness gracious. Are you okay? >> I felt like I was going to go back like more than I wanted. >> Are you This is Jen's first time in a rocking chair. [laughter] >> It's so scary. What's the scariest ride at Disney World? >> The rocking chairs outside. >> Sit down in it, Tommy. I'm serious. >> Watch my whole like chair collapse. >> Mine doesn't go back as far as yours. >> Yes, it it doesn't. >> No, look, it stopped right here. >> Try to make it go back more. >> Yeah, if I let go, it just goes like right forward. >> See, mine was malfunctioning. >> Oh, it's a malfunctioning chair. That's what it was. >> It would have been easier at a table. I'm not going to lie. There were tables available in that little like covered area next to um Sleepy Hollow. >> Sleepy Hollow. But I just I felt weird like filming over there cuz everybody was just like silent. [music] >> Oh yeah. >> Like nobody was talking so I didn't want to film over there. >> And then you got Tim Tracker coming in there eating a corn dog all loud. >> You're not really that loud because we have these mics so we don't have to like yell or anything but I still didn't. It felt like a library. >> Oh yeah. >> You know. So, I was just noticing a VIP guy was walking by and one of the perks that you get with a VIP is you get an order from Starbucks included >> and she had like 16 drinks on a tray that she was walking by with and I was like, "Wo, that's a Starbucks order right there." >> There you go. Okay, so here it is. I'm going to take a bite. >> Oh, that sauce is about to spill on me. >> Let me Not you. >> Yeah. Look at my arm here. >> Oh my gosh. Oh. Oh no. Oh no. Okay, >> this is exciting. >> Sorry. >> Sorry. That was That was me being a man just watching you struggle. I'm like, "Well, look at her go." >> Ooh. >> Oh man. Sometimes people say these are overhyped. [music] They're wrong. They're hyped exactly enough. They're so good. >> I think that maybe they got overhyped when they increase the price. >> Oh, they're definitely too expensive for what they are, but they're so good. >> Very delicious. >> They're tangy. They're a little bit spicy. That might be the sauce. They're greasy. Like just enough, you know? It's like >> the good stuff. M >> everything you want out of a theme park food. Try to get this pretty lady to sit next to me. [music] >> We might have to We might have to go sit at a regular table for this one. >> Oh, okay. That's fine. >> I'm going to see if I can find one. >> Yeah, we can go get one. >> I was just hoping you would sit next to me. >> I'll sit next to you at this other table. I >> think it worked, everybody. We moved over to the seating over here by Sleepy Hollow. It's less like a library now. There's people talking. >> Basically a ra. >> Oh, yeah. Here's what we got. This is my corn dog. And there's the chips. Housemade chips. I love some housemade chips. and a hand dipped corn dog. >> I thought you said ham. >> A ham dipped corn dog. So ham from Toy Story. He's over at the outlets now. He's a second fiddle basically. He works uh hand dipping corn dogs. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah, that's what he does now. >> Do does ham have hands. >> Yeah. What do you mean? >> No, he's got he's got hooves >> on his hand for his hands. >> Yeah, he's got hooves. >> He's got like these kind of things. >> Cloven hooves. >> You only need to look. I can dip a corn dog. >> Oh my gosh. been moving so quick to this dipping of the corn dog. You want to know why I like these chips? Listen to this crunch. You ready? >> Ooh. >> I'm putting my head down so I was closer to the microphone. >> Crunchy. >> It was only slightly crunchy, though. I'm hoping for it to be a little bit more crunchy. Why is it that if you get house-made chips, they taste different than chips that you get at the store? >> Cuz they're not like mass-produced. I mean, I guess they still are. Why can't they make clothes like that for for a bag of potato chips? >> Good question. >> I also have a question. So, when we were waiting for the cheeseburger spring rolls or egg rolls spring rolls? >> Yeah. >> We met some of you guys and um you were just trying the spring rolls for the first time and you're like, I hope they're good. And I was like, I hope so, too. >> And I'm wondering also, if you're watching this, let us know if you like them. >> They're delicious. So, I hope you like them. But, have we ever steered you wrong on a food recommendation? Oh, yeah. >> Let us know. I'd like to know what it was. >> Let me know. >> Distracted cuz somebody took a photo of us. It was It was It was the sneakiest I've ever seen somebody take a photo. >> He was acting like he was taking a selfie, trying to get better light, >> but the light was behind him, so it wouldn't have been better light. Look at the beautiful goldenness of this corn dog right here. >> It's no Disneyland corn dog. Still good. >> It's so good. Very Casey's. It's definitely a different flavor than a Casey's hot dog. >> Let me show you how how to get your perfect dipped corn dog. Okay. You got to do your ketchup and your mustard next to each other. >> Mhm. >> You got to dip it just like this. >> So you get half mustard and half ketchup. Oh, it is so greasy. Perfect. That's fun. >> You're your [laughter] bite. >> We're heading towards where Piston Peak is going to be. It used to be Rivers of America. Nothing really to see. The interesting thing is looking through the cracks. We can see Big Thunder Mountain, which you wouldn't have been able to see before because Tomy Island was there. Tomy Island is now gone. Oh, yeah. And the end of the line for Haunted Mansion's way over here. Why was it that my childhood was filled with photos of me and the stocks? >> I have so many pictures of me there. >> Me and friends. I actually have a picture who it there used to be a playground in this park. Like >> what the one by Splash Mountain? >> No, like Toontown probably. >> I think it was Toontown. But I have pictures of me going down a slide here in Yeah. in Magic Kingdom. If I can find it, I'll put it in here so you can see it. But like where where was that? >> I think it was Toontown. >> And what was that? >> I think it was Toontown. >> Bring Toontown back. >> What? There was You can Well, I mean Ken. It's It's Story Bug Circus now. But >> I think they could bring it back. >> Yeah, >> there's plenty of room. >> Bring back Mickey's house. >> That's all I want. I want Mickey and Minnie's house back. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Got to go to Disneyland. >> Give it to me, you cowards. >> Oh, >> build it again. >> Tomorrow, Mr. CEO. >> If you really loved us, you'd build us Mickey's house again. >> Josh tomorrow getting his first weekly report as CEO of Disney. Seems the fans want you to build Mickey's house. [laughter] >> I don't know. Romeo McGra. There he is. The heartthrob that America didn't know they wanted. How's it going? Doing all right. >> Yeah, I'm doing good. Thank you for asking. >> Oh, great. We just had cheeseburger spring rolls. It's a wonderful day. And a corn dog. Yes. What do you think Romeo McGra's favorite food item is? >> Oh, >> you know, I would say probably like uh uh peanut butter. >> What do bears love? Bears love honey, right? Just Winnie the Poo. >> You love honey, too. They do have a And fish. >> That's true. >> Like a salmon. >> Yeah, >> a nice salmon. Oh, yeah. Columbia Harbor House. >> Oh, we'll go grab you a fish. >> That's where it is. Just one single fish. We'll bring you back a fish. I think that it's fun meeting the characters cuz you get really good at charades. Across from Country Bear Jamberee, got Big Al's little kiosk here. They got like a Lincoln Log set. That's fun. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's It is Lincoln Logs, too. It's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad Lincoln Logs. How fun is that, >> huh? >> There's two different sizes, too. A 44 piece and a 91 piece and an 87 piece. Three different sizes. Oh my goodness. Well, they're all different. One's the Frontier Training Post, one's Country Bear Jambburye, and one's Big Thunder Mountain. >> Yeah, I know that we can't see past the Scrim, but like you've never been able to see Haunted Mansion from over here. And we can see the scrim around Haunted Mansion cuz they are doing some work on the exterior. They're refurbishing the exterior of Haunted Mansion. Maybe repaint and stuff like that. >> But I'm interested to see when the walls actually come down. I wonder when the walls will come down, like when we'll be able to start seeing stuff for Kiston Peak. I'm also interested if you repaint a building that's meant to look like old. >> Yeah, >> that's got to be kind of weird. >> It is, but it's not necessarily [music] for fading paint. Could be for failing paint. >> Uh, okay. Okay, I gotcha. >> You know. >> Yeah, >> we live in a harsh environment here in Florida. >> It's true. It's >> hot. It's cold. It's wet. It's dry. There's not a lot to see back there. No trees. No to our island. >> Look over there. There's a big mound of dirt. Bulldozer moving. >> Yeah. Can you see it? >> I can't see it. No. I can see some construction equipment over here. just kind of off off to the side. Oh, over there. Yeah. Oh, it's moving quick. >> Oh my goodness. But yeah, there's a lot of stuff back there. A lot of dumpsters and things like that. I guess the island is still technically there, but all the trees are definitely gone and all the buildings are definitely gone. >> Did they fill it in? >> Uh, yeah. That's where your bulldozer was just driving. >> Yeah. So, Rivers of America is gone back there. Making our way into Frontier Land. >> You know what we need to do again? >> What? >> The pirates adventure. So, I have done the Pirates Adventure before. Treasures of the Seven Seas. We'll put a link to that video in the description down below. It was fun. >> Well, it was back when we had the um what was it called? >> Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom. >> Sorcerers. It was back when we had like all of those interactive things. >> Yeah. Now we just have Pirates. All the wait times today have been pretty long except for pirates at 35 minutes. Not bad of a wait at all. Passing by Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse. got some frost damage to some of the plants around here, but for some reason the main tree survived the cold really well. I can't figure out why. It's a fake tree. >> This is another one though that uh that never has like a weight. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, if you're just looking for stuff to do to get Oh, look. His pin board is >> Oh, it's one of the trees. One of the things that the the branch fell off the tree >> from the frost frozen. What a good idea. >> That is good. There's another sign just like we saw at Disney Springs. the Disney gardener. Oh, he's doing doing trivia. >> You can't you can't trade unless you know trivia. >> I don't know. >> I wouldn't get any, >> right? He's asking questions about R2-D2. >> Here's some of the frost damage from the cold weather recently. Yeah. No frost damage to the big tree. >> It's the Disney magic. >> It is. It's pretty magical. >> The crowd level has definitely increased throughout the day. And right now, we're headed to Main Street cuz we're actually on our way out cuz we got to go pick up Jackson from school. But I want to see if we can find one little one little sweet treat. little sweet treat before we leave. We're walking right down the sort of off to the side of Main Street USA. Going to stop by Ethel Merman's house here at the confectionary. Get a little sweet treat. There are things that like I would have gotten as a child that I couldn't imagine getting right now as an adult. >> Like freeze-dried Skittles, the whole thing. I would have eaten that one sitting. This popcorn. Yeah. Would have been gone real fast. >> Pretty cool. >> There's a Valentine's Day stuff in here. The Valentine's Day candied apple. I I feel like just Oh, this is the Valentine's Day mix. >> But I feel like just anything pink I'm gonna say is Valentine's Day. I don't know if I've ever seen this cookie. This is a a Mickey strawberry cookie sandwich. It's weird. They're This is a peanut butter and jelly one. I don't know if it's ever had the jelly before because I've had this cookie before. >> There's a blondie one. That one looks good. The brownie one. >> Yeah. >> I mean, they all look very delicious. >> I like this Starllight cereal treat. They don't actually have a sign saying what's in the mix. They do have the regular mix that you can like pick your own stuff. They have the Starlight mix and they have a Valentine's Day mix. >> It's like marshmallows, >> chocolate syrup, pink popcorn, M&amp;M's, the Valentine's Day M&amp;M's one. Almost looks like crumbled cookie on top. What's in here? >> They're orange flavored jelly pumpkins. >> Oh, that's cute. >> Sour orange. So, one of the things that you can get at the confectionary is you can get a novelty candy container for $14.99 and then you can add bulk candy to it. But they just introduced the Polynesian trash can and they had the Fantasy Land one, but now they've added in the Polynesian one. They're pretty cool. I don't know if I would ever get it, but I like the idea of it. >> So, it can be like a raccoon. >> Oh, yeah. >> Just like a little trash panda, just eating candy out of the trash can. >> Yeah. >> All right. I like it. >> That's everybody's dream. >> I mean, I think it's a good idea. >> That guy just bought one. >> See, they're a big hit. >> This is the sweet treat that we got from the confectionary. A little Ethel Mars dark chocolate candy bar. Paid $5 for this. So, when you're leaving Not So Scary, they have the pumpkins up here that say, "See you real soon." Why don't they have anything like that when it's not not so scary? >> Like a goodbye message. >> Yeah, they should. >> What would it be? It wouldn't be pumpkins. >> It would Well, I mean, just be the words see you real soon. >> Hot dogs. >> Hot dogs. Hot dogs. All right, that was our trip out to Magic Kingdom. Tell you what, photo pass photographers, I want you to never stop having couples hug like this. >> They make you hug like this. >> And it's the best. It makes the best photos. >> It always turns out super weird, but they're good photos to have, you know. >> Yeah. So, thank you guys for following along on our fun day at the Magic Kingdom. Had a really good time. >> I do want to come back though because we have a couple ideas for like challenge style videos. So, stay tuned for those. We did a little bit of like research today while we were walking around for those videos. But, I'm excited for those. Those will be coming up soon. >> It'll be good. We're going to do things like is it cake? We're just going to go around biting things at Magic Kingdom. >> Don't do that. >> Bad idea. >> Yeah. It like we rode the people mover. It was fun. Mhm. >> You know, it was fun just kind of wandering around and just having a good day at the Magic Kingdom. I loved it. I haven't been in so long. I just needed to be here. >> Yeah. You had to feel the magic. >> I did. And I did. >> The most magical place. >> I felt it. >> So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. >> Now, it's time to pay the price.
