---
video_id: e7XWou4IJu0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Planting Our Easter Egg Seeds, First Time At Build-A-Bear & A Personal Update! | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-04-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7XWou4IJu0
---
Good morning and welcome to a We're in the car vlog. >> Where are we going? >> Where are we going? >> We're already here. I'm getting my um eyelashes refilled today. And which probably sounds weird if you don't know I have eyelash extensions. I'm getting the extensions filled. While I'm doing that, you're going to go to the grocery store. Easter's this weekend, so we have to get all of the groceries we need for Easter. We're just going to do a little something at home. Okay. So, my appointment is in a couple minutes. I'm going to run in. you're going to go to the grocery store. He's going to take you guys along. It'll be a fun adventure. Oh, yeah. >> And then um let us know, are you guys doing anything fun for Easter? It was just this year we had a lot going on and um we'll talk more about that later, but there was just, you know, a lot going on. So, we're like, we're just going to have a a chill Easter at home and that's what we're going to do. >> I think that's going to be the theme of 2026 for holidays is >> chill chill at home. >> Chill at home. There's a lot going on, >> right? >> Um, but yeah, let us know what you guys are doing. And, um, I'm I'm curious to see what everybody's plans are, but we also had to get the goodie bags for Jackson's school. And, uh, I want to talk to you guys more about school goodie bags here in a little bit. >> Get out of here, school goodie bags. >> Well, just like why why we don't we don't all need goodie bags. >> Also, it doesn't need to be every holiday. >> Every holiday. >> Valentine's Day is fine. >> Mhm. >> That's it. >> I think there's other ones. >> When you were in school, >> Yeah. What was the day that you got stuff? You had like a bag or a box and you received things from other students. >> I think it really was just Valentine's Day. >> Just Valentine's Day. >> Yeah. But I feel like now in today's kids school, you get a goodie bag for like it's your birthday, you give everybody a goodie bag. It's Valentine's Day goodie bag. Halloween goodie bag. >> Easter goodie bag. >> Like Christmas goodie bag. >> Yeah. I don't It's There's so There's just so much. Like why why are there so many goodie bags? Well, and you get the same thing in each bag. It's like a little thing of bubbles, a stamp. By the way, the stamps. >> Stop giving people these stamps. >> They're the worst. >> So, anyway, we're we're contributing and we have to make goodie bags for the class. But I'm going to run in. You you go take >> I'm going to go into the bathroom. >> Oh, okay. Then you're going to take them to the grocery store. >> Then I'll take you to the grocery store. >> Okay. But that's what we're that's what we're doing this morning. We have more stuff planned for the afternoon. But >> yeah, >> there you go. >> Here's something that's funny about Florida. 76 degrees outside right now. At night, maybe down to 70. It's not cold. Not cold enough for firewood, but we got a lot of it here. So, what's your favorite Easter candy? I know that like mine is uh Reese's Reese's eggs, but like the kids Oh, these are little ones. That's fun. The kids like the not chocolate stuff. They like like this. Jackson would absolutely adore Sour Patch jelly beans. I don't need that many of them. These Vital Farms eggs are so expensive. It's $14 there. This one's $12, but look, these Nelly's ones are on sale for $4. Pretty good. So, here's something that I always wondered. Like, this Publix in particular, like you got the freezer section, and these are doors. Like, there's always doors on the freezer section, but usually there's not doors on the refrigerated section, but here at this Pub Publix, there is. Why Why don't they have doors on other refrigerated sections? It seems to me it would make sense like it's it's not the cold air is not just going out into the open. So, Jen's sister, I'm all done at the grocery store. By the way, Jen's sister was supposed to take Oliver to a little music thing today, but the Tesla stopped working. So, once we get back home, I got to figure out what it was. I think it was the 12vt battery. That's one issue we have here in Florida is when it's so hot out, the uh the 12vt battery is always needing to be replaced. It's like with the electric car, especially with the Tesla, not with this one, but with the Tesla, we've had to replace the 12volt battery like two or three times. and the tires. Tires are our biggest expense on an electric vehicle. >> All right, good morning and happy day before Easter. >> We are actually headed out right now because we have an event for the kids. They're going to do like a gardening event. So, we're going to go do that. Are you drilling my knee? >> Yes. >> What's wrong with my knee? Why does it need to be drilled? >> Cuz I is too hurt. >> Oh, you're fixing my knee with a drill. Okay. It's a fake drill. We're headed out to the car right now. We are going to be there for about an hour and I don't think I can show you the event because there's going to be a lot of other kids there. But um we'll pick up afterwards, but I'll show you what they make because it looks like it's going to be very cute. All right, it is a few hours, like 5 hours later. Is it 5 hours later? We left. Uh it's like 4 hours later. We're all done with our gardening little activity that we took the kids to. It was for little beaver boxy. Have you guys ever heard of that? They have all these like activity boxes and they just had an an event sort of like in our area. So, we went to it and we I'll show you the kids. Hopefully, you're seeing over here that this is like them running around and, you know, putting the dirt in and planting their seeds. And Jackson's saying he planted strawberry. Oliver planted some like climbing vines that are flowering. And I was saying cuz I needed to get strawberries from the grocery store for Easter tomorrow. And I was like, "Dang, I wish your strawberries were already growing cuz then I could just eat those." But we did have to run to the grocery store. I'll show you their their pots in just a second. So, I wanted to show you what we got. I don't know if anybody really cares about this, but we did get some Hawaiian rolls, the savory butter rolls. These we use for the kids lunches, and I put sandwiches on on these during the week, too. But tomorrow for Easter, I'm going to make these. They're actually called funeral sandwiches, but they are um ham and cheese. So, I'll show you that in a second. I got some of the sweet peppers. They were buy one get one free. a couple of tomatoes that I wanted to just like marinate some tomatoes and do tomato sandwiches. I got some asparagus because I'm gonna make an asparagus tart, a sweet onion that's for the tart as well. Uh bananas, griier for the tart, and butter buddas because that finally came back in stock and I'm going to make that with the sweet potatoes like Courtney Cooks does her little sweet potatoes. This is some tomato. Oliver loves tomatoes so I got these. the strawberries that I needed, some uh chicken lunch meat, ham lunch meat, and Swiss cheese, and of course, some hummus. And then Jackson picked out these flowers. These are going to be so beautiful. So, I'm going to put these in here. But all of this, guess how much this was? I was kind of shocked. $100. It was $99 like.7 something. What in the world? So Tim is putting Oliver up um down for his nap upstairs. While he's doing that, I'm going to put the groceries away. But I wanted to tell you, so I'm making this asparagus griier tart that um I I've talked about her before, but McKenzie from Grilled Cheese Social has all of these like really amazing recipes for Easter. And I will link her blog post down below, but I'm going to make the asparagus grier tart, which will be in tomorrow's video. So, if you want to see that, I will show it to you tomorrow. But I also am going to make her funeral sandwiches. So, it's going to be the rolls, the King's Hawaiian rolls with the ham and Swiss and then it's like a brown sugar, butter mixture that you kind of put on top and it's like a baked sort of sandwich. And we've made them before and they're just so so good. And that's something, you know, it's not like a new recipe. I think it's like something that's been around for a while, but I found out about it from her. And then I think we're just going to do steak tomorrow cuz we have a bunch of steak from the butcher boxes and I it's so delicious. So I think we'll do steak. I think the kids are going to do pasta. They requested pasta. My sister is coming tomorrow. And so when my mom was alive, every Easter her and my grandma would hand make raviolis. My mom's side of the family is Italian and Polish. And so they would handmake raviolis. And that was like an Easter tradition. And so, um, my sister always gets raviolis from the Italian market and she's going to bring some tomorrow and we're going to have raviolis. So, that'll be like, you know, it'll be fun. Like, my mom is here with us. Um, so that'll be nice. And then those are the things we're going to make tomorrow. Oh, I also got some cinnamon rolls for breakfast. It's a little surprise for the kids. And bacon. So, that'll be fun. But for right now, I'm going to put this stuff away. I'm going to put the flowers in the vase and then I'm going to make a little lunch and that's kind of what we're doing right now. But yeah. Oh, I got to clean up these dishes. Why? Like I wish dishes would just like magically disappear. Wouldn't that be nice? But yeah, I have to clean up these dishes from yesterday because so we put Jackson to sleep yesterday in our room. We read books in our room and we all me and Tim both fell asleep with him in our bed and literally I woke up at midnight and I'm like, "What day is it?" So >> why >> why? >> Yeah, >> cuz I was so comfortable and so tired. I fell asleep with you. And then I woke up in the middle of the night. I still had my contacts in. I needed to wash my face. Like just I didn't I had to brush my teeth. I didn't do my like nighttime stuff. So I I like shot up out of bed, took my contacts out, did my nighttime stuff. And then um I couldn't get back to sleep. So I was so tired this morning. But yeah, I literally we went to bed at 7:30 or 8, I think it was. And then I woke up at midnight and I was like, so yeah, so I didn't get to do any of the dishes last. Long story short, I needed to do the dishes and I needed to start some laundry. And um that is what happened yesterday. But for right now, I'm going to go put this stuff away and put these flowers in the vase and then uh I'll be right back. All right. So, got the dishes put away or I got the the groceries put away. I did the dishes. I got the flowers. They're all set up on the table here. I just put the little like spring table runner out. And then our uh little place mats. These are the kids place mats though, so they don't get the nice ones dirty. But I have to uh dry some dishes, hand dry some dishes. And while I'm hand drying them, there was something that I just wanted to kind of go over with you guys. And something that um I sort of mentioned it actually I did mention it in the last home vlog and then I edited it out because I I don't know why. I don't know why but um basically okay I have you kind of strategically placed here on top. I don't have a tripod. I need to get a tripod. So I filmed an Instagram reel about the Bravo. This is a side note about the Bravo like drama, the summer house drama. I had you guys all propped up on some books because I don't have a tripod. I do have a tripod somewhere, but I just don't know where it is. So, um, something that I wanted to kind of just mention to you guys so you sort of know what's going on in our like real lives is that a few months ago, Tim's mom um, fell and she broke her leg and it was like a major break because she had already had a knee replacement. So, it broke above the knee replacement and while she was healing from that, um, she had a massive stroke. And so for the last few months she has been um you know healing from that and also going through the healing process and the rehabilitation process and it's just been um I don't want to cry. It's just been a lot and you know we've been really it's just you know it's just been a lot and I know that she's going through a lot and um you know the family is it's just Anyway, so I just really um wanted to let you guys know what was happening. I talked to him and he was, you know, fine with me sharing with this with you because we want to let you guys know sort of like why the videos have been inconsistent and why we haven't had a lot of home vlogs. Recently we have, but before that we hadn't really. And it was mainly because on the days where we would film a home vlog, Tim would go out to um to go visit his mom or we would go over to his um parents house where his dad is to kind of help him with whatever he needed help with. And our plan going forward cuz I wanted to kind of give you guys an update just so you know what's going on. But we're going to be picking a day every week. One day to go see Tim's mom. The other thing too that was hard during all of this is that one of the places she was at, you know, cuz insurance is like horrible, but um one of the places she was at cuz you don't really get to pick sometimes, the kids couldn't go. You had to be like over a certain age to go to go see her. And so the kids still haven't seen her. And originally because of the level that she was at at the hospital, the kids couldn't go there either. So, she's finally in a place where the kids can visit her. So, we're going to take them tomorrow for Easter. We're going to go see her. So, um I'm really I'm I'm very excited to see her and see how she's doing. And um you know, the kids want to see grandma and so that's going to happen tomorrow. But moving forward though, just while this is going on, cuz we don't know exactly how long this will be happening, the um the healing process because it is, you know, like a a neurological thing. So, you know, you just never know. But we are, sorry I'm drawing uh sippy cups. But we are going to pick a day every day, a day a week to a day each week to go visit her wherever she currently is because that changes sort of frequently it seems like. And if the kids can come, the kids will come. And uh so on those days, if we can film, not her, but like other like outside of the visit, if we can film like a home vlog or something around town, we will. But if not, you know, it's just not going to be like our top priority. Our top priority is going to be her. And then on another day during the week, we're going to go spend the whole day at Tim's parents house to kind of like help his dad so that we can get their house ready for when she can come home. So, we're all really hopeful that she will be able to come home. And when she does, when she is able to go home, we want everything to be just like ready for her and um just be as easy as possible for everybody. So, that's what's been going on. Um I know we haven't really talked to you guys about it and um I just wanted to keep you in the loop because I feel like you some people were wondering like what where are the videos and that's what's going on. So family is always going to be like the most important thing and um you know I know you guys understand that but I just really wanted to explain it to you so that you knew what was going on with us and yeah so I don't know if you're like praying people um so I don't want to cry I'm going to cry um but if you want to keep her in your prayers or you know send like happy thoughts or like positive positive vibes, you know, that's something that we will always accept and, you know, yeah, we just really hope that everything goes well and that she can come home. So, that's what we've been dealing with. I don't mean to get like emotional, but it's definitely been an emotional time. So, that's what we've been doing um recently. But, I just wanted to keep you guys updated and let you know. And I feel like I'm rambling now, so I'm probably just going to end this little bit here. Yeah. Okay, I'm going to go. I'm going to go cry. I'll be right back. Okay, I was able to collect myself. That's also the reason why Tim didn't, you know, wasn't the one to kind of tell you about that because it's even harder for him to talk about it. So, yeah. So, thank you for letting me update you. I am now uh so I was telling you earlier I was going to make that um asparagus grier tart. I'm going to caramelize my onions now so that they I don't have to do it tomorrow cuz it just takes a long time. And I'm going to just get it over with now so that it's ready to go tomorrow when I make the tart. And it called for caramelized onion jam, but I couldn't find it at the store. And so they had like jalapeno jam and pepper jam and jalapeno pineapple jam, which actually sounded really good, but I needed caramelized onion jam. It also said if you couldn't find the jam that you could just use caramelized onions. So that's what I'm going to do and I'm going to do that now. And then tomorrow we're going to do steak, sweet potatoes with the Buddha cheese in them, broccoli. It's going to be kind of like our normal dinner because nobody really likes ham. So I like a ham and cheese sandwich, but not like a ham ham. So we're just going to do like a normal dinner and then I'm going to make that tart. That'll be something a little extra. So I'm going to caramelize some onions really quick. Oh, but that's what I wanted to tell you. So, Tim and Jackson went to a Pokemon event. There's like a local Pokemon group and they do like some kind of Today is fashion day. So, I guess all the Pokemon that they are catching have fun outfits or like fun hats on and so they're going to go catch some fun Pokémon with hats and outfits. I don't know. I don't understand it, but they love it. So, they're off doing that right now. And I told them I would stay back with Oliver cuz he's napping and then as soon as he wakes up we're going to go do our jelly beans for so every year and I'll link last year's video down below, but every year we plant jelly bean seeds and that's where our eggs grow from. So our Easter eggs. So we're going to go do that as soon as he wakes up and everybody's back. We're going to go plant our jelly bean seeds. So that's kind of the plan for the rest of the day. And then um we also wanted to head to Build-A-Bear because and I'll tell you more about this tomorrow, but um there's a Build-A-Bear that we wanted to get and we are going to go try to do that tonight. It's like on my list of things that we I would really really like to do, but we'll see if it happens. But I know for sure we're going to plant our jelly bean seeds. Okay, I've got my entire sweet Vidalia. Is it a Vidalia? I think it just was called a sweet onion. I I did like half moon, you know, cut my onion in half and then sliced it thinly. I put some butter in the pan, let that cook down a little bit, added my onion, and then I salted it right away. They say you want to salt the onions right away while they start cooking. And then we just let them kind of do their thing. And I should have caramelized onions here in it said under an hour. I just have to keep an eye on them cuz I don't really know what that means. Under an hour could be anything. So, >> I'm doing that. Oliver is still napping. >> Look at this little cutie babe. >> Oh, >> he had so much fun today, but it really did tire him out. And then, um, while this is cooking, I was just re-watching the last Summerhouse episode because, of course, if you follow me on Instagram, you know I've been invested in the uh situation between Kyle and Amanda and West and Sierra and everybody else in the house. and I just wow. Anyway, if you want to see my thoughts on that, it's on my Instagram. But, uh, I'm just re-watching that. I'm going to fold some laundry and I'm just waiting for Tim to come back and that's what I'm doing right now. And then I got to figure out what we're going to do for dinner. Probably just something easy tonight because tomorrow is going to be like the big, you know, cooking day. And then, uh, it's really not going to be a big cooking day actually. It's I'm just going to make what we normally make. We're just going to have steak instead of chicken. Oh, and then I am going to link this. I got a lot of question. I know it doesn't it looks kind of weird right now because I'm sitting, but I got a lot of questions about these like short short alls short overalls. So, I'm going to link these down below, but it is a um a Free People dupe that I found on Amazon. I bought the Free People ones in green and they're just a little bit too big. So, I think I'm going to probably end up selling them on my depot, but they were like a hundred over $100 and I never wore them. And so, I'm kind of sad about that. But, I uh tried to find like a dupe of the green ones and I couldn't find the green ones. But, I did find these and they're kind of like that. I always think of a train conductor when I see this sort of denim that's like striped denim. Just reminds me of those train conductor overalls. But, these were 40 bucks. And I'm going to link the Amazon link down below. But yes, if I can get a dupe or a deal, you know, I'm all for it. So, I'll link that down below. And I wear a large in these if you're looking for like sizewise what you should order. And they're still like pretty loose and comfy. Um, but yeah. Okay. So, I'm going to fold some laundry now. Let me know what you guys have planned for Easter or just for this if you don't celebrate. What are you doing this weekend? Are you doing anything fun? Is there anything that you do specifically on Easter, like a tradition that you have every year? I'd love to hear it because we do the jelly bean seeds every year and um of course like the Easter baskets and the Easter egg hunt and that kind of stuff. But I don't know. I love hearing about like what other What do you guys do? Let me know. Let me know in the comments. All right, so here's a look. >> So thirsty. >> Who's awake? Who is this that's awake right now? Oliver, wait, what did what did you get from the store? >> Oh, a chocolate cookie. >> A chocolate and chip cookie. So, we went to the grocery store right before his nap. And you know, you always get a free cookie from the bakery, but I said we can't have it until >> I won't, buddy. I won't. You just want to sit there and eat it. >> Okay. So, I said, "You can have your cookie after your nap." And you said, "I napped. Where's my cookie?" You are so silly. But I wanted to show you how the onions are doing. It's been I don't know, maybe like 15. I actually don't know how long it's been. 15 20 minutes maybe. And I just have them on like a lower like a medium low. They actually might be a little bit. Yeah, they're on a medium low right now. And they are browning up a bit. And then you don't want to add any extra like water or any kind of liquid unless they're sticking to the pan. And there's enough butter in here that they shouldn't stick. So, I'm just kind of letting them do their thing. But it smells great. >> I like the way it smells. >> You like the way my onions smell? >> Good. I'm glad, bud. Are you going to try my tart tomorrow? I'm going to make an asparagus, onion, and grriier tart. Do you want to try it? >> It's going to be kind of like a pizza. Look at your hair. >> I love pizza. >> I know you do. I also love pizza. So, I'm excited for for dinner and lunch and breakfast tomorrow. We're going to have such delicious food tomorrow. >> Wow. >> Wow. >> Mhm. >> So, we're just waiting for Tim and Jackson to come home and then we will plant our jelly bean seeds and then we'll head over to Build-A-Bear. Okay, it is a little bit later. I don't know how long I've been cooking these onions. I wish I could tell you the exact time. Probably like half an hour, maybe. Maybe a little bit more even. But I think that they are done. And I might have put a little bit too much butter in there. I'm not sure. But they look pretty caramelized to me. >> So, I'm going to take these guys out. >> Oh, you caught a shiny. >> Yes. >> Yeah. I think these are done. So, I'm going to put these in a Tupperware and we're going to keep them for tomorrow when I make the tart. So, stay tuned for that. Okay. So, you guys are home. So, now what time is it? >> Time to plant our plant plant our jelly beans. >> Yes. Wait, Oliver, what do you have? >> Jelly beans. >> All right. Okay, let me open this up. Oh, you got it. Okay, >> I got 10 jelly beans. >> So, yes, we each have 10 jelly beans. Our Easter egg seeds. >> I have 10, too. >> You do? >> Okay. You want me to get it, buddy? Whoa. You're tall enough that you can reach it now. That's wild. >> Okay. Let's see. Where are you guys going to put your first one? H. >> So, we're in the process of changing the >> Oh, okay. We got one right there. >> Oh, that's a good spot. Good job. We're in the process of changing over from rocks to mulch. So, it looks a little wild out here. >> There you go. Oh, you just threw one up in the air in >> a row right here. >> I saw it. >> Oh, Oliver put all of his right there. >> You're going to put all your beans in one spot? >> Yes. I like that's a good a good plan because you won't have to search for the eggs in the morning. >> You'll know exactly where all of your jelly beans are. They're right here, >> man. >> But you can't eat them now. You can't eat them. >> We'll get some when we go inside. Leave those there. >> Leave those where you put them. >> Okay. Right there. So, so far we've got 10. >> There, there, and there. Okay. Just giving it a good tossing around here. >> All right. >> Okay. Now she >> just wants to eat jelly beans. Let me ask you this, Jackson. Should we leave a note for the Easter Bunny to say like hide the hide the eggs? >> Oh yeah. Let's look at the blackberries, buddy. Look at our blackberries. >> Look at these blackberries. >> There's so many. >> Oh yeah, we got lots. That one's already red. >> Wo! Look at this. >> Yeah. >> Look. Wow. I can't >> not ready. Look at this one. >> Oh my gosh. >> There like a ton of them. >> So, when I was growing up, right outside of our side window was a humongous It was a tree. It was like a blackberry tree. And I had a um we had like a tire swing in the tree. So we would literally swing on the tire swing and eat blackberries. It was amazing. >> Jackson's already gone inside and he got a a jelly bean. >> Let me show you guys this one, too. Flour. Oh, yeah. Look at that. And then blackberries everywhere, right? Doing pretty good. Look at all these like new nubs on here for spring. >> All right. So, that was a little anticlimactic. It went very quick, I think, just cuz they wanted to eat the jelly beans. But >> look at Jackson's going hard behind you on those jelly beans. >> Okay, I'm going to eat a jelly bean, actually. >> Okay, while we were out, Jackson got a shiny Butterfree. Oh, I clicked on something. I clicked on shiny pants. Shiny Butterfree, shiny Doug trio, and a shiny Toxic Croak. >> All right, so now we're in the car and we're headed to Build-A-Bear because we're going to build our special Build-a-Bear that I was telling you guys about. So, we are headed there right now. I've never been to a Build-A-Bear before. I've been to the Build-A-Bear inside of the Gaylord Palms like hotel resort in Orlando, but never to like a Build-A-Bear store, >> like pass by one. >> Well, and when I called cuz I called to make sure that they could do the recording your voice one, and they said you can record um on everything except for the Animal Crossing characters and Bowser. So, I guess they have like those characters in right now. >> Oh, should we report on Mario? I I don't think you can. Also, I forgot I was washing the dishes and I took my ring off and I forgot to put it back on and now it feels weird. >> Oh, I I have the uh >> you got the Aura ring. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, it has. It's pretty neat to be able to see the stuff. But I I think the older ones, same thing with the older Apple Watches, they can take your temperature, but this one I don't think does your temperature. >> Oh, really? I think that maybe something happened with a like an individual legally saying like, "Oh, they told me my temperature wasn't good or something like that." Like, you know what I mean? >> Like somebody complained or something like that happened. So now no devices will do your temperature. >> But now we're headed to Build-A-Bear and we'll be there in just a minute. >> All right, we made it to the Build-A-Bear Workshop. >> Oh, look. They have Pokémon Build-A- Bears. What is it? >> Oh, yeah. Mario stuffies. >> Look at that Bowser. Look, >> you can dress them up as the as the granny's blue and Bingo and Winton. And this is the I can't We haven't seen this in so long. But Bingo's like floppy. That's what it's called. Oh, and Chatterax. There she is. There's Rita. I think it's Rita. I don't Oh, man. I need to know my my Pokemons more. My Pokemons. My my granny's more. But this is like muscle wininton, too. Oh, look at Pikachu. Well, they have Harry Potter ones as well. And how to train your dragon. Oh, yeah. Vaporeon and Jolon and Bowser. Look at how happy Bowser looks. Yeah, there's Bowser. Look at that. He's got no stuffing in there. Is that OogieOogie? He's got $128. Boogies giant. Look at how big he is. >> Oh, bunny. All right. So, the one that we were looking at was the Timeless Teddy, and they were saying this one is the one that like the moms and the grandmas always pick. So, we're going to Yes, buddy. >> Oh my gosh. You can make the granny. >> Yeah, we was talking to them about that. Tell Show them the muscle went in, too. >> But we're getting this one for Tim's mom because like I was telling you earlier, she is in like the hospital. And I thought it would be nice if we did the voice recording. The boys could say like, "I love you." And then she could have that. >> There's a Peeps one. >> And then this is what this one looks like. >> And then this is what the puppy looks like. >> There's so many different kinds. >> Look at this. Cat's dressed like a bumblebee. >> Hi, I love you. >> I love you so much, Grandma. Whoa. >> Look, getting all filled up with stuffing. >> You have to start thinking of what you're going to name your bunny rabbit. Do you have a name yet? I know. That's always the hardest part for me is trying to think of a name for Good job. Look at all that stuff going inside. How does that feel? >> Is that good? All right. Now, I need both of your helps pick out two hearts. >> These two. >> Oh, one of each of them. That's a good idea. >> You, too, Oliver. >> All right. So, I want you guys to take those hearts and I want you to put them in your hands like this and rub your hands together. Get those hearts really warm. So, all these friends have nice warm caring hearts. and hope on our hearts so they're full of all of our love for grandma. Now you have to hold the heart in your hands, close your eyes, make a special wish, and then give the hearts a big kiss. And then each of you guys are going to put one heart in grandma's bear. So put one of the hearts in grandma's bear. And then put the other heart in yours. >> Just one for yours. But then we put extra love inside grandma's cuz you both love hers so much. >> Do that one. Switching it up. And now we need to sew it. >> Well, Oliver, yours needs to have four holes for all the legs cuz you have a cat. >> So like this this one, >> all this Harry Potter stuff, Peter Rabbit stuff, and then also all the Disney princesses. Well, not just princesses, but all the Disney characters. Oh, >> you can do Stitch. Well, they have one for Florida. >> Like Florida for like if your Build-A-Bear comes here like on vacation. Yeah. Oh, who's this guy? >> Filling it out up for the register. >> They're printing out the birth certificate. >> Oh, look at this whole thing. >> This is Build-A-Bear's little YouTube channel show. Kaboo. It's on our YouTube channel. >> Oh, >> the heck. YouTube channels. >> I know. Yeah, >> he's got these YouTube channels. >> All right, we just finished at the Build-A-Bear store and now we're headed to Portillos for dinner. There's a Portillos here. We're just in luck. >> There you are. I did it. >> Here's dinner. >> Oh, I thought you were going to get the the Italian for the the Italian beef. You just got a regular old hot dog. >> I got a Chicago dog. >> Wa. >> So, I got this the last time for Sam's birthday when we came for the theme park foodies. It was Sam's birthday. We came to Portillos's and I took home some of the leftover hot dogs and I took home one of these. Remember I tried it in? >> Yeah. >> It was so good. I heated it up at home. So, I wanted to It was so good he up. I said the next time I come, I'm going to order a fresh one cuz I really liked it. It was really good. Then I got fries and cheese sauce. >> Oh, yeah. We both ordered cheese sauce. That might have been too much. >> I think it's a sharing size. >> Yeah. You know, you can order a bigger one. >> I know. We got the small one, too. >> And then Oliver got Oh, >> Oliver got some hot dog. >> Hot dog. No bun. >> Yeah. With some French fries. >> Jackson got some chicken fingers. Are these like the ones at Disney? >> Good. >> They're good. Okay. >> A little bit. >> Kind Okay. Then I got a a Polish sausage. I just basically got a customized like a Polish sausage. So, Polish sausage with tomatoes and pickle. And I got mustard and the seasoned salt on there, too. Looks like I got some ketchup, too. I don't remember saying ketchup, but it's all good. >> There's mustard, too. Did you ask for mustard? >> Yeah, I asked for mustard for sure. >> And one singular onion. >> What do you think? >> Let me see it. >> I like that. You're not very much. What? >> You like the winkers? What are you like? I just put something in my mouth. You're like, how is it? >> How about you, buddy? How's your hot dog? >> Is it yummy? >> He's eating my pickle right now. >> Oh, he's eating a pickle. And how's your chicken tenders? Are they okay? Mine was really good. That might actually be my new like go-to order because the Italian beef, I usually get the Italian beef with extra jardinara and uh dipped and then a side of the au like the side of the dip as well. But it always hurts my stomach. Always. Was that a hot dog? Really? >> Probably. >> Probably will hurt my stomach, but it was so good. And I also had their chili cheese dog the last time I was here and that was super good. So I just don't think you can go wrong. Whatever you order here is going to be good. >> All right, we're all done at Portillos's. It was very delicious. Oh my goodness, that sauce sign looks just like saucies, doesn't it? >> Well, I want to try that jardra sauce. >> Yeah, it looked good. I also want to try the comeback sauce. See you later, portillos. Until next time. >> All right, so it's actually the next day. It's Easter now. >> It's Easter. We did it. We did Easter already. We made it through. >> Portillos was delicious as always. I'm definitely going to be having that hot dog that's going into my regular rotation. >> And then we did already give Tim's mom the Build-A-Bear. I don't know if I told you it was for Tim's mom. And so we gave her the Build-A-Bear already and she loved it. So that was a really great um I don't know gift. If you have a similar situation, it's a it makes for a really great gift. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. But it was a good day and it was nice like prepping for Easter. excited that you got hot dogs in your regular rotation now. >> Well, for fatillos. Yeah. >> Still one step closer to hot dog queen. >> Oh, cuz you're the king. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> So, a fantastic day. Really enjoyed it. Had a good time. So, all in all, a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price.
