---
video_id: tDWSwcvI6bY
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney's EPCOT Between Festivals January 2026! | Arts Festival Prep, Interesting Rocks & NEW Merch!"
published: 2026-01-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDWSwcvI6bY
---
Good morning from the parking lot of Good morning from the parking lot of Good morning from the parking lot of Epcot. We're headed in today because Epcot. We're headed in today because Epcot. We're headed in today because we're in between festivals and Epcot is we're in between festivals and Epcot is we're in between festivals and Epcot is an interesting place in between an interesting place in between an interesting place in between festivals. It's interesting particularly festivals. It's interesting particularly festivals. It's interesting particularly now because is marathon weekend. So now because is marathon weekend. So now because is marathon weekend. So today is Thursday. The first Well, let today is Thursday. The first Well, let today is Thursday. The first Well, let me see here. 5K 10k. So I think the 5k me see here. 5K 10k. So I think the 5k me see here. 5K 10k. So I think the 5k might have been this morning, right? might have been this morning, right? might have been this morning, right? Because the marathon will be on Sunday. Because the marathon will be on Sunday. Because the marathon will be on Sunday. Half marathon will be on Saturday. The Half marathon will be on Saturday. The Half marathon will be on Saturday. The probably today. So, uh, we should see probably today. So, uh, we should see probably today. So, uh, we should see people wearing their 5K medals inside of people wearing their 5K medals inside of people wearing their 5K medals inside of the park today. So, there should be the park today. So, there should be the park today. So, there should be there might be a lot of people in the there might be a lot of people in the there might be a lot of people in the park, but there also might not be park, but there also might not be park, but there also might not be because the parking lot's not very full because the parking lot's not very full because the parking lot's not very full right now. They actually parked us up right now. They actually parked us up right now. They actually parked us up closer, like almost up into Preferred, closer, like almost up into Preferred, closer, like almost up into Preferred, but we didn't pay for Preferred. They but we didn't pay for Preferred. They but we didn't pay for Preferred. They just parked us up front. So, we'll see just parked us up front. So, we'll see just parked us up front. So, we'll see what the wait times are like. We'll have what the wait times are like. We'll have what the wait times are like. We'll have a look around. They are starting to set a look around. They are starting to set a look around. They are starting to set up for uh Festival of the Arts, which up for uh Festival of the Arts, which up for uh Festival of the Arts, which starts on January 16th, so next week. starts on January 16th, so next week. starts on January 16th, so next week. And yeah, we'll just kind of wander And yeah, we'll just kind of wander And yeah, we'll just kind of wander around, see what's going on at Epcot, around, see what's going on at Epcot, around, see what's going on at Epcot, enjoy our day. So, let's head inside. enjoy our day. So, let's head inside. enjoy our day. So, let's head inside. One thing that I'm sure is part of the One thing that I'm sure is part of the One thing that I'm sure is part of the marathon or like the setup for the marathon or like the setup for the marathon or like the setup for the marathon is this height balloon right marathon is this height balloon right marathon is this height balloon right here. But hype balloons are interesting here. But hype balloons are interesting here. But hype balloons are interesting to see around Disney because sometimes to see around Disney because sometimes to see around Disney because sometimes what these are used for is judging what these are used for is judging what these are used for is judging sightelines for something they're going sightelines for something they're going sightelines for something they're going to build. So they kind of send these to build. So they kind of send these to build. So they kind of send these balloons up so that they can go off balloons up so that they can go off balloons up so that they can go off throughout the park and look back at throughout the park and look back at throughout the park and look back at where the balloon is and say, "Oh, I can where the balloon is and say, "Oh, I can where the balloon is and say, "Oh, I can see that balloon or I can't see that see that balloon or I can't see that see that balloon or I can't see that balloon." So we like to see hype balloon." So we like to see hype balloon." So we like to see hype balloons because that means that they're balloons because that means that they're balloons because that means that they're doing something. In this case, I don't doing something. In this case, I don't doing something. In this case, I don't know that it's going to be anything know that it's going to be anything know that it's going to be anything exciting. So because it is was also the exciting. So because it is was also the exciting. So because it is was also the did start over here in this area in that did start over here in this area in that did start over here in this area in that parking lot back actually probably back parking lot back actually probably back parking lot back actually probably back towards the back of the parking lot. towards the back of the parking lot. towards the back of the parking lot. They have kind of overflow parking here They have kind of overflow parking here They have kind of overflow parking here because the spectators can come to because the spectators can come to because the spectators can come to Epcot, park at Epcot and watch the 5K Epcot, park at Epcot and watch the 5K Epcot, park at Epcot and watch the 5K happening or during the marathon you can happening or during the marathon you can happening or during the marathon you can take bus transportation and Montreals take bus transportation and Montreals take bus transportation and Montreals and things like that to different and things like that to different and things like that to different sections. So, we did it one year and sections. So, we did it one year and sections. So, we did it one year and we'll try to put a link to the video in we'll try to put a link to the video in we'll try to put a link to the video in the description down below where we came the description down below where we came the description down below where we came and we cheered for the marathon runners. and we cheered for the marathon runners. and we cheered for the marathon runners. So, we parked over here at Epcot because So, we parked over here at Epcot because So, we parked over here at Epcot because this is where the marathon starts and this is where the marathon starts and this is where the marathon starts and finishes. And we got on the we watched finishes. And we got on the we watched finishes. And we got on the we watched the start of it and then we got on the the start of it and then we got on the the start of it and then we got on the Montreal right away and went over to Montreal right away and went over to Montreal right away and went over to Magic Kingdom in order to cheer people Magic Kingdom in order to cheer people Magic Kingdom in order to cheer people on at Magic Kingdom and then we went to on at Magic Kingdom and then we went to on at Magic Kingdom and then we went to uh I feel like we went to Hollywood uh I feel like we went to Hollywood uh I feel like we went to Hollywood Studios. Maybe we went to Animal Studios. Maybe we went to Animal Studios. Maybe we went to Animal Kingdom. I can't remember. It was a Kingdom. I can't remember. It was a Kingdom. I can't remember. It was a little while ago that we did this uh little while ago that we did this uh little while ago that we did this uh cheering on people for the marathon. But cheering on people for the marathon. But cheering on people for the marathon. But it was a fun time because we kind of it was a fun time because we kind of it was a fun time because we kind of went everywhere that the marathon was went everywhere that the marathon was went everywhere that the marathon was going. It is January 8th and you can see going. It is January 8th and you can see going. It is January 8th and you can see they still have some Christmas they still have some Christmas they still have some Christmas decorations up here at Epcot Monterey. Also, it should be noted that they have Also, it should be noted that they have Also, it should be noted that they have already set up the sign for Festival of already set up the sign for Festival of already set up the sign for Festival of the Arts. Royal purple pigment, I the Arts. Royal purple pigment, I the Arts. Royal purple pigment, I believe, would be the color of pigment. believe, would be the color of pigment. believe, would be the color of pigment. Huh? Right, cuz there he is. And that Huh? Right, cuz there he is. And that Huh? Right, cuz there he is. And that rhymed, right? That was good. It was a rhymed, right? That was good. It was a rhymed, right? That was good. It was a good time. I do think it's interesting good time. I do think it's interesting good time. I do think it's interesting that this is, I believe, the same setup that this is, I believe, the same setup that this is, I believe, the same setup that they had last year, but they've that they had last year, but they've that they had last year, but they've added the 2026 to it. So, they just added the 2026 to it. So, they just added the 2026 to it. So, they just replaced kind of the signage on this, replaced kind of the signage on this, replaced kind of the signage on this, but they added the new year to it. but they added the new year to it. but they added the new year to it. Pluto's out meeting and greeting. We're Pluto's out meeting and greeting. We're Pluto's out meeting and greeting. We're heading underneath Spaceship Earth. I heading underneath Spaceship Earth. I heading underneath Spaceship Earth. I want to check on the wait time. See what want to check on the wait time. See what want to check on the wait time. See what it's like today. Doesn't seem like it it's like today. Doesn't seem like it it's like today. Doesn't seem like it would be very long because it doesn't it would be very long because it doesn't it would be very long because it doesn't it doesn't feel crowded today. Let's see doesn't feel crowded today. Let's see doesn't feel crowded today. Let's see here. 10 minutes. Perfect. I'm actually here. 10 minutes. Perfect. I'm actually here. 10 minutes. Perfect. I'm actually going to maybe ride this on the way out, going to maybe ride this on the way out, going to maybe ride this on the way out, but I want to head over to Living with but I want to head over to Living with but I want to head over to Living with the Land. Hello everybody. I want to the Land. Hello everybody. I want to the Land. Hello everybody. I want to head over to Living with the Land cuz I head over to Living with the Land cuz I head over to Living with the Land cuz I want to see if they still have want to see if they still have want to see if they still have Glimmering Green Houses. Glittering Glimmering Green Houses. Glittering Glimmering Green Houses. Glittering Green Houses. Glimmering green houses. Green Houses. Glimmering green houses. Green Houses. Glimmering green houses. Their holiday overlay. Here we are. Their holiday overlay. Here we are. Their holiday overlay. Here we are. Living with the Land featuring Saurin. Living with the Land featuring Saurin. Living with the Land featuring Saurin. I'd like to maybe ride Saurin today I'd like to maybe ride Saurin today I'd like to maybe ride Saurin today because I haven't ridden that in because I haven't ridden that in because I haven't ridden that in forever. Let's go inside. Let's see if forever. Let's go inside. Let's see if forever. Let's go inside. Let's see if the green glimmering green houses are the green glimmering green houses are the green glimmering green houses are still happening. Then we'll ride Saurin. still happening. Then we'll ride Saurin. still happening. Then we'll ride Saurin. We'll see what the wait time is for We'll see what the wait time is for We'll see what the wait time is for Saurin at least. Oh, we still have Saurin at least. Oh, we still have Saurin at least. Oh, we still have wreaths in here. So, maybe the wreaths in here. So, maybe the wreaths in here. So, maybe the decorations are still up. Oh, yeah. decorations are still up. Oh, yeah. decorations are still up. Oh, yeah. There is glimmering green houses. It There is glimmering green houses. It There is glimmering green houses. It says it underneath the sign. Wow. Okay, says it underneath the sign. Wow. Okay, says it underneath the sign. Wow. Okay, let's go ride it. It's not as like let's go ride it. It's not as like let's go ride it. It's not as like impactful riding it during the day cuz impactful riding it during the day cuz impactful riding it during the day cuz they don't glimmer as much as they would they don't glimmer as much as they would they don't glimmer as much as they would during the night, but still be fun to during the night, but still be fun to during the night, but still be fun to ride. Living with the land. Glimmering ride. Living with the land. Glimmering ride. Living with the land. Glimmering green houses. 5minute wait. I don't green houses. 5minute wait. I don't green houses. 5minute wait. I don't know. This the the the floorboards are know. This the the the floorboards are know. This the the the floorboards are all wet in here. Hopefully I don't get all wet in here. Hopefully I don't get all wet in here. Hopefully I don't get wet on this ride. wet on this ride. wet on this ride. &gt;&gt; Is there a big drop? Oh, looks like &gt;&gt; Is there a big drop? Oh, looks like &gt;&gt; Is there a big drop? Oh, looks like rain. &gt;&gt; Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo &gt;&gt; Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo &gt;&gt; Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo &gt;&gt; helped create the rich soil one day &gt;&gt; helped create the rich soil one day &gt;&gt; helped create the rich soil one day become home to the American farm. become home to the American farm. become home to the American farm. &gt;&gt; There's a scene here where they show a &gt;&gt; There's a scene here where they show a &gt;&gt; There's a scene here where they show a ladybug and it like absolutely destroys ladybug and it like absolutely destroys ladybug and it like absolutely destroys an aphid. It's one of my favorite things an aphid. It's one of my favorite things an aphid. It's one of my favorite things to see here on the land. I know that to see here on the land. I know that to see here on the land. I know that sounds strange, sounds strange, sounds strange, &gt;&gt; but I like it. &gt;&gt; but I like it. &gt;&gt; but I like it. &gt;&gt; We're learning to reduce the need for &gt;&gt; We're learning to reduce the need for &gt;&gt; We're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and chemical pesticides by breeding and chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural using natural using natural &gt;&gt; Oh, no. It wasn't the ladybug. It was &gt;&gt; Oh, no. It wasn't the ladybug. It was &gt;&gt; Oh, no. It wasn't the ladybug. It was whatever that other thing was. whatever that other thing was. whatever that other thing was. &gt;&gt; Here's my 2027 resolution. I want to eat &gt;&gt; Here's my 2027 resolution. I want to eat &gt;&gt; Here's my 2027 resolution. I want to eat everything from living with the land everything from living with the land everything from living with the land that is an edible plant. that is an edible plant. that is an edible plant. &gt;&gt; Like I want to go through I want to &gt;&gt; Like I want to go through I want to &gt;&gt; Like I want to go through I want to write it all down. Say, can I eat it? write it all down. Say, can I eat it? write it all down. Say, can I eat it? And if I can, I want to eat it. Not like And if I can, I want to eat it. Not like And if I can, I want to eat it. Not like physically take it from the land, physically take it from the land, physically take it from the land, &gt;&gt; but just write down what it is. Like I'd &gt;&gt; but just write down what it is. Like I'd &gt;&gt; but just write down what it is. Like I'd like to eat an Inca peanut, buy it from like to eat an Inca peanut, buy it from like to eat an Inca peanut, buy it from a store somewhere. I'm just talking a store somewhere. I'm just talking a store somewhere. I'm just talking about the plants. I'm not saying I'm about the plants. I'm not saying I'm about the plants. I'm not saying I'm going to eat some tilapia. I could. I going to eat some tilapia. I could. I going to eat some tilapia. I could. I just don't want to, you know. Oh, just don't want to, you know. Oh, just don't want to, you know. Oh, they're pulling out the holly hawk. they're pulling out the holly hawk. they're pulling out the holly hawk. &gt;&gt; Whoa, this is interesting. &gt;&gt; Whoa, this is interesting. &gt;&gt; Whoa, this is interesting. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I have to eat a Carolina &gt;&gt; I don't know. I have to eat a Carolina &gt;&gt; I don't know. I have to eat a Carolina Reaper. Extremely hot pepper. Oh, Reaper. Extremely hot pepper. Oh, Reaper. Extremely hot pepper. Oh, &gt;&gt; look. You can see Oh, for a second you &gt;&gt; look. You can see Oh, for a second you &gt;&gt; look. You can see Oh, for a second you can see a ladder back there. can see a ladder back there. can see a ladder back there. store and it's only a 5m minute wait. store and it's only a 5m minute wait. store and it's only a 5m minute wait. Let's do it. Shouldn't be long at all. Let's do it. Shouldn't be long at all. Let's do it. Shouldn't be long at all. Let's actually see how long it was. 10 Let's actually see how long it was. 10 Let's actually see how long it was. 10 say we'll call it 10:20 right now cuz say we'll call it 10:20 right now cuz say we'll call it 10:20 right now cuz it's almost 10:20. All right, it's been it's almost 10:20. All right, it's been it's almost 10:20. All right, it's been about 14 minutes and we're in line up at about 14 minutes and we're in line up at about 14 minutes and we're in line up at the gates here up at the doors. A little the gates here up at the doors. A little the gates here up at the doors. A little bit more than the 10 minutes footage. It bit more than the 10 minutes footage. It bit more than the 10 minutes footage. It said 5 minutes, didn't it? said 5 minutes, didn't it? said 5 minutes, didn't it? &gt;&gt; Carry on items in the underseat &gt;&gt; Carry on items in the underseat &gt;&gt; Carry on items in the underseat compartment. This includes cameras, compartment. This includes cameras, compartment. This includes cameras, purses, hats, and of course, these purses, hats, and of course, these purses, hats, and of course, these little beauties. Ah, yes. The bless. Ah, yes. The bless. Ah, yes. The bless. &gt;&gt; Fun fact about Saurin, the Imagineer &gt;&gt; Fun fact about Saurin, the Imagineer &gt;&gt; Fun fact about Saurin, the Imagineer figured out how to work the workings of figured out how to work the workings of figured out how to work the workings of her, how to do it with an erector set. her, how to do it with an erector set. her, how to do it with an erector set. He like had an erector set at home and He like had an erector set at home and He like had an erector set at home and he built a working model of the Saurin he built a working model of the Saurin he built a working model of the Saurin system at home before implementing it system at home before implementing it system at home before implementing it here full size. Maybe a whale. Oh my goodness. A whale. Maybe a whale. Oh my goodness. A whale. Maybe a whale. Oh my goodness. A whale. Ah, look at Kilanjaro there in the distance. look at Kilanjaro there in the distance. look at Kilanjaro there in the distance. It's rising over this Hergeti like Mount It's rising over this Hergeti like Mount It's rising over this Hergeti like Mount Olympus. Tell you what, this is a great Olympus. Tell you what, this is a great Olympus. Tell you what, this is a great wall wall wall right now behind the helicopter that right now behind the helicopter that right now behind the helicopter that we're flying in a McDonald's and a we're flying in a McDonald's and a we're flying in a McDonald's and a Kentucky Fried Chicken. Fun fact about Kentucky Fried Chicken. Fun fact about Kentucky Fried Chicken. Fun fact about the Taj Mahal, you're not allowed to the Taj Mahal, you're not allowed to the Taj Mahal, you're not allowed to film it. So this is a fully film it. So this is a fully film it. So this is a fully computerenerated image of the Taj Mahal. computerenerated image of the Taj Mahal. computerenerated image of the Taj Mahal. Where is it? Where is Where is it? Where is Where is it? Where is Mickey? What island do you think this Mickey? What island do you think this Mickey? What island do you think this is? This is out in Fiji. is? This is out in Fiji. is? This is out in Fiji. Where's Jack Sparrow? Where's Jack Sparrow? Where's Jack Sparrow? Did I miss him? Another hidden Mickey. hidden Mickey. hidden Mickey. And so I forgot about Saurin. And I'd be And so I forgot about Saurin. And I'd be And so I forgot about Saurin. And I'd be lying if I say that um Matterhorn caught lying if I say that um Matterhorn caught lying if I say that um Matterhorn caught me off guard at the beginning. me off guard at the beginning. me off guard at the beginning. Yeah. Last time we were in here, we Yeah. Last time we were in here, we Yeah. Last time we were in here, we talked about how these balloons used to talked about how these balloons used to talked about how these balloons used to raise up and down. And right now, you raise up and down. And right now, you raise up and down. And right now, you can see exactly why they don't anymore. can see exactly why they don't anymore. can see exactly why they don't anymore. Cuz the lines are twisted. You can see Cuz the lines are twisted. You can see Cuz the lines are twisted. You can see these lines are twisted here. And the these lines are twisted here. And the these lines are twisted here. And the ones on this one are twisted as well. So ones on this one are twisted as well. So ones on this one are twisted as well. So I can imagine it was kind of a nightmare I can imagine it was kind of a nightmare I can imagine it was kind of a nightmare to keep them from tangling up. Actually, to keep them from tangling up. Actually, to keep them from tangling up. Actually, all of the balloons lines are twisted. all of the balloons lines are twisted. all of the balloons lines are twisted. As we're making our way towards World As we're making our way towards World As we're making our way towards World Showcase, I just noticed there is like a Showcase, I just noticed there is like a Showcase, I just noticed there is like a production type sound booth green room production type sound booth green room production type sound booth green room thing here. So I'm interested to see thing here. So I'm interested to see thing here. So I'm interested to see what is going on the stage here for what is going on the stage here for what is going on the stage here for Festival of the Arts. We'll see if Festival of the Arts. We'll see if Festival of the Arts. We'll see if there's any signage out front. This is there's any signage out front. This is there's any signage out front. This is where Joyful performed during uh where Joyful performed during uh where Joyful performed during uh Festival of the Holidays, but let's see. Festival of the Holidays, but let's see. Festival of the Holidays, but let's see. They still have the stage set up. And They still have the stage set up. And They still have the stage set up. And then of course for Festival of the Arts, then of course for Festival of the Arts, then of course for Festival of the Arts, they have Once Upon a Stage, which is they have Once Upon a Stage, which is they have Once Upon a Stage, which is celebrating the magic of Disney on celebrating the magic of Disney on celebrating the magic of Disney on Broadway. We saw this last year. Super Broadway. We saw this last year. Super Broadway. We saw this last year. Super fun. They had props from Lion King and fun. They had props from Lion King and fun. They had props from Lion King and various other Broadway productions that various other Broadway productions that various other Broadway productions that Disney put on. Okay, we don't have any Disney put on. Okay, we don't have any Disney put on. Okay, we don't have any signage or anything right now. We don't signage or anything right now. We don't signage or anything right now. We don't know what this is going to be, but it is know what this is going to be, but it is know what this is going to be, but it is still set up. They haven't started still set up. They haven't started still set up. They haven't started taking it down. And Festival of the taking it down. And Festival of the taking it down. And Festival of the Holidays hasn't been happening for a Holidays hasn't been happening for a Holidays hasn't been happening for a minute now. So, I'm interested to see if minute now. So, I'm interested to see if minute now. So, I'm interested to see if they're leaving it up for Festival of they're leaving it up for Festival of they're leaving it up for Festival of the Arts or if they just haven't taken the Arts or if they just haven't taken the Arts or if they just haven't taken it down yet. They'll have one Festival it down yet. They'll have one Festival it down yet. They'll have one Festival of Holidays booth open right here. of Holidays booth open right here. of Holidays booth open right here. Favorites of festivals past. So here you Favorites of festivals past. So here you Favorites of festivals past. So here you can get the Reuben croettes, the brown can get the Reuben croettes, the brown can get the Reuben croettes, the brown sugar and mustard glaze ham sliders or sugar and mustard glaze ham sliders or sugar and mustard glaze ham sliders or the Panaton holiday trifle. So this is the Panaton holiday trifle. So this is the Panaton holiday trifle. So this is the only spot that you can get festival the only spot that you can get festival the only spot that you can get festival of the holidays food. Still stopping of the holidays food. Still stopping of the holidays food. Still stopping into Creation Shop. Seeing if there's into Creation Shop. Seeing if there's into Creation Shop. Seeing if there's any sort of uh Festival of the Arts any sort of uh Festival of the Arts any sort of uh Festival of the Arts merch or any Valentine's Day merch. You merch or any Valentine's Day merch. You merch or any Valentine's Day merch. You can see they still have holiday can see they still have holiday can see they still have holiday decorations up. This is pure comedy to decorations up. This is pure comedy to decorations up. This is pure comedy to me. It's hand sanitizer but it's like me. It's hand sanitizer but it's like me. It's hand sanitizer but it's like Spider-Man spitting his web shooters out Spider-Man spitting his web shooters out Spider-Man spitting his web shooters out at you. Still lots of Festival of the at you. Still lots of Festival of the at you. Still lots of Festival of the Holidays merch out and about. There's so Holidays merch out and about. There's so Holidays merch out and about. There's so much of it so that I believe this will much of it so that I believe this will much of it so that I believe this will be heading to the outlets probably. be heading to the outlets probably. be heading to the outlets probably. Well, they'll probably save this because Well, they'll probably save this because Well, they'll probably save this because this was a popular sale. So, I don't this was a popular sale. So, I don't this was a popular sale. So, I don't think that'll be at the outlets. They think that'll be at the outlets. They think that'll be at the outlets. They have some 2026 merch, too. Like a light have some 2026 merch, too. Like a light have some 2026 merch, too. Like a light up necklaces, some light up Stitch ears. up necklaces, some light up Stitch ears. up necklaces, some light up Stitch ears. These are not 2026 things. They're just These are not 2026 things. They're just These are not 2026 things. They're just light up stitch ears. But, they do have light up stitch ears. But, they do have light up stitch ears. But, they do have some 2026 lightup ears up here, too. We some 2026 lightup ears up here, too. We some 2026 lightup ears up here, too. We are starting to see some Valentine's Day are starting to see some Valentine's Day are starting to see some Valentine's Day stuff for $30. this little tote with stuff for $30. this little tote with stuff for $30. this little tote with Mickey and Minnie and they're making the Mickey and Minnie and they're making the Mickey and Minnie and they're making the heart thing with their hands. They have heart thing with their hands. They have heart thing with their hands. They have some hoodies with the little heart some hoodies with the little heart some hoodies with the little heart Mickey hands here and some Mickey and Mickey hands here and some Mickey and Mickey hands here and some Mickey and Minnie Valentine's Day plushes. I like Minnie Valentine's Day plushes. I like Minnie Valentine's Day plushes. I like Minnie like this is feels like a typical Minnie like this is feels like a typical Minnie like this is feels like a typical thing that Minnie would wear. But this thing that Minnie would wear. But this thing that Minnie would wear. But this is like a very new new and unique outfit is like a very new new and unique outfit is like a very new new and unique outfit for Mickey. Like a fun most magical for Mickey. Like a fun most magical for Mickey. Like a fun most magical place on earth Walt Disney World pink place on earth Walt Disney World pink place on earth Walt Disney World pink sweatshirt here kind of like a sweatshirt here kind of like a sweatshirt here kind of like a button-down type thing. And then the button-down type thing. And then the button-down type thing. And then the shirts with the sequins mini bow shirts with the sequins mini bow shirts with the sequins mini bow on them. Create your own headband. They on them. Create your own headband. They on them. Create your own headband. They have Main Street Valentine candy hearts have Main Street Valentine candy hearts have Main Street Valentine candy hearts that you could add to your to your bow. that you could add to your to your bow. that you could add to your to your bow. Oh, and Mickey has heart eyes. Is there Oh, and Mickey has heart eyes. Is there Oh, and Mickey has heart eyes. Is there a mini, too? I'm not seeing a mini with a mini, too? I'm not seeing a mini with a mini, too? I'm not seeing a mini with heart eyes. Just Mickey. Maybe they've heart eyes. Just Mickey. Maybe they've heart eyes. Just Mickey. Maybe they've sold out of the mini. sold out of the mini. sold out of the mini. Or maybe they didn't have it. They still Or maybe they didn't have it. They still Or maybe they didn't have it. They still do have some wintertime snowmen, too. do have some wintertime snowmen, too. do have some wintertime snowmen, too. You could get just regular Mickey and You could get just regular Mickey and You could get just regular Mickey and Minnie as well and just put the heart in Minnie as well and just put the heart in Minnie as well and just put the heart in between them. Or like Nick and Judy. between them. Or like Nick and Judy. between them. Or like Nick and Judy. Who else? Mater and Lightning. Put a Who else? Mater and Lightning. Put a Who else? Mater and Lightning. Put a heart between them. $65 for some Figment heart between them. $65 for some Figment heart between them. $65 for some Figment Crocs. I like that they have little Crocs. I like that they have little Crocs. I like that they have little wings on the back. That makes you feel wings on the back. That makes you feel wings on the back. That makes you feel like you're going to run faster when you like you're going to run faster when you like you're going to run faster when you wear them. I'm not seeing a price on wear them. I'm not seeing a price on wear them. I'm not seeing a price on this, but this is interesting. this, but this is interesting. this, but this is interesting. Established 1982 Epcot. H. This feels Established 1982 Epcot. H. This feels Established 1982 Epcot. H. This feels like a like a fan-made shirt. Almost like a like a fan-made shirt. Almost like a like a fan-made shirt. Almost like an Etsy shirt. I like this Donald like an Etsy shirt. I like this Donald like an Etsy shirt. I like this Donald Howdy shirt. It's fun. This is a Bluey Howdy shirt. It's fun. This is a Bluey Howdy shirt. It's fun. This is a Bluey Squishallow, but it's like it's called a Squishallow, but it's like it's called a Squishallow, but it's like it's called a what they call it called the Hug Me. what they call it called the Hug Me. what they call it called the Hug Me. &gt;&gt; Like a very like looks like a Weeble, &gt;&gt; Like a very like looks like a Weeble, &gt;&gt; Like a very like looks like a Weeble, right? A Weeble Wobble. And they have right? A Weeble Wobble. And they have right? A Weeble Wobble. And they have bingo as well. &gt;&gt; And there's the Figment Squishallow as &gt;&gt; And there's the Figment Squishallow as &gt;&gt; And there's the Figment Squishallow as well. These are always so soft. I didn't well. These are always so soft. I didn't well. These are always so soft. I didn't see Chip and Dale or Cupid here as these see Chip and Dale or Cupid here as these see Chip and Dale or Cupid here as these plushes. They're attached to each other, plushes. They're attached to each other, plushes. They're attached to each other, so I can't get one to stand up without so I can't get one to stand up without so I can't get one to stand up without the other one falling down for $35. They the other one falling down for $35. They the other one falling down for $35. They also have set up some of these photo ops also have set up some of these photo ops also have set up some of these photo ops here. This one is for Mary Poppins, but here. This one is for Mary Poppins, but here. This one is for Mary Poppins, but this will be for Festival of the Arts. this will be for Festival of the Arts. this will be for Festival of the Arts. So, you could step inside a piece of So, you could step inside a piece of So, you could step inside a piece of art. And then if you line it up just art. And then if you line it up just art. And then if you line it up just right, it looks like you could be part right, it looks like you could be part right, it looks like you could be part of the artwork. See, I'm like a penguin. of the artwork. See, I'm like a penguin. of the artwork. See, I'm like a penguin. I'm like I'm like uh Dick Van Dyk. I'm like I'm like uh Dick Van Dyk. I'm like I'm like uh Dick Van Dyk. That's what his name is. But yeah, look That's what his name is. But yeah, look That's what his name is. But yeah, look at him. I'm in Mary Poppins. You can see at him. I'm in Mary Poppins. You can see at him. I'm in Mary Poppins. You can see also back here they've taken down the also back here they've taken down the also back here they've taken down the Christmas tree and replaced it with the Christmas tree and replaced it with the Christmas tree and replaced it with the festival the arts 2026 uh sign photo op festival the arts 2026 uh sign photo op festival the arts 2026 uh sign photo op figment with his brush up there. What figment with his brush up there. What figment with his brush up there. What are the name of these pigments? Autumn are the name of these pigments? Autumn are the name of these pigments? Autumn flower orange little spark of yellow. I flower orange little spark of yellow. I flower orange little spark of yellow. I like that. That's funny. And then what's like that. That's funny. And then what's like that. That's funny. And then what's this last one over here? Pigment of this last one over here? Pigment of this last one over here? Pigment of imagination. Sparks ignite red. Ooh, imagination. Sparks ignite red. Ooh, imagination. Sparks ignite red. Ooh, they do have the tents set up for the they do have the tents set up for the they do have the tents set up for the artist to display their art. Over at Jaw artist to display their art. Over at Jaw artist to display their art. Over at Jaw Priest, they have an espresso martini. Priest, they have an espresso martini. Priest, they have an espresso martini. Ooh, like I know that people are like Ooh, like I know that people are like Ooh, like I know that people are like really into espresso martinis right now. really into espresso martinis right now. really into espresso martinis right now. Have any of you tried it here from Have any of you tried it here from Have any of you tried it here from Joffrey's? This is probably my favorite Joffrey's? This is probably my favorite Joffrey's? This is probably my favorite thing about the Festival of the Arts. thing about the Festival of the Arts. thing about the Festival of the Arts. Not I don't know if it's my favorite Not I don't know if it's my favorite Not I don't know if it's my favorite thing, but it's something I find thing, but it's something I find thing, but it's something I find interesting. So, this booth, Fictional interesting. So, this booth, Fictional interesting. So, this booth, Fictional Victuals, is based off of books, right? Victuals, is based off of books, right? Victuals, is based off of books, right? So, uh they have the instead of calling So, uh they have the instead of calling So, uh they have the instead of calling just the things what they call them just the things what they call them just the things what they call them chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, but it chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, but it chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, but it rolls off the tongue saying fictional rolls off the tongue saying fictional rolls off the tongue saying fictional victuals, right? But if I go to uh victuals, right? But if I go to uh victuals, right? But if I go to uh Google and I say how to pronounce Google and I say how to pronounce Google and I say how to pronounce victuals and then I click on this, it victuals and then I click on this, it victuals and then I click on this, it says says says &gt;&gt; viddles. &gt;&gt; viddles. &gt;&gt; viddles. &gt;&gt; Viddles. Vuls. &gt;&gt; Viddles. Vuls. &gt;&gt; Viddles. Vuls. So like it's fictional viddles. First So like it's fictional viddles. First So like it's fictional viddles. First time I ever saw this word and it's time I ever saw this word and it's time I ever saw this word and it's written really big outside of Port written really big outside of Port written really big outside of Port Orleans uh Riverside, I think. And I Orleans uh Riverside, I think. And I Orleans uh Riverside, I think. And I looked it up and it was viddles. And looked it up and it was viddles. And looked it up and it was viddles. And that makes sense at Porterans because that makes sense at Porterans because that makes sense at Porterans because it's like a southern way of saying food. it's like a southern way of saying food. it's like a southern way of saying food. Viddles. But like fictional viddles Viddles. But like fictional viddles Viddles. But like fictional viddles doesn't roll off the tongue the way that doesn't roll off the tongue the way that doesn't roll off the tongue the way that fictional victuals does. And by the fictional victuals does. And by the fictional victuals does. And by the Odyssey, it's going to be Figments Odyssey, it's going to be Figments Odyssey, it's going to be Figments inspiration station. I'm excited because inspiration station. I'm excited because inspiration station. I'm excited because usually this is where they had the like usually this is where they had the like usually this is where they had the like pickle milkshake. So they might have pickle milkshake. So they might have pickle milkshake. So they might have something interesting again this year. something interesting again this year. something interesting again this year. They have already released the menus. They have already released the menus. They have already released the menus. And one of the things that did sound And one of the things that did sound And one of the things that did sound interesting was the popcorn popcorn interesting was the popcorn popcorn interesting was the popcorn popcorn chicken and waffles. So, it's like a chicken and waffles. So, it's like a chicken and waffles. So, it's like a waffle cone but made out of the like the waffle cone but made out of the like the waffle cone but made out of the like the the bubble waffles uh with popcorn the bubble waffles uh with popcorn the bubble waffles uh with popcorn chicken and the candied like the rainbow chicken and the candied like the rainbow chicken and the candied like the rainbow popcorn with maple syrup on it. So, be popcorn with maple syrup on it. So, be popcorn with maple syrup on it. So, be very sweet but also very colorful. very sweet but also very colorful. very sweet but also very colorful. Mariachi co out and about passing into Norway. And look at the passing into Norway. And look at the passing into Norway. And look at the look at the progress on this beer stand look at the progress on this beer stand look at the progress on this beer stand here. This used to be just kind of like here. This used to be just kind of like here. This used to be just kind of like a cart where you could get beer. Now, a cart where you could get beer. Now, a cart where you could get beer. Now, fully themed hut, Frozen Ever After, fully themed hut, Frozen Ever After, fully themed hut, Frozen Ever After, only a 40minute wait right now. Did want only a 40minute wait right now. Did want only a 40minute wait right now. Did want to mention Frozen Ever After will be to mention Frozen Ever After will be to mention Frozen Ever After will be closing on January 26th and reopening closing on January 26th and reopening closing on January 26th and reopening sometime in February. They're replacing sometime in February. They're replacing sometime in February. They're replacing the the projected faces on the the the projected faces on the the the projected faces on the animatronics with actual animatronic animatronics with actual animatronic animatronics with actual animatronic faces, similar to like what you'd see on faces, similar to like what you'd see on faces, similar to like what you'd see on Tiana's Bio Adventure with Tiana. And Tiana's Bio Adventure with Tiana. And Tiana's Bio Adventure with Tiana. And then they will reopen it at some point. then they will reopen it at some point. then they will reopen it at some point. They haven't given us a firm date yet. They haven't given us a firm date yet. They haven't given us a firm date yet. All the Christmas decorations are still All the Christmas decorations are still All the Christmas decorations are still out in Norway like the little rocking out in Norway like the little rocking out in Norway like the little rocking horses. horses. horses. They're fun. Just passing by China. I'd They're fun. Just passing by China. I'd They're fun. Just passing by China. I'd like to know more information about this like to know more information about this like to know more information about this rock. rock. rock. Like, this is the only place in Epcot Like, this is the only place in Epcot Like, this is the only place in Epcot where they just have a big rock. Why is where they just have a big rock. Why is where they just have a big rock. Why is it here? What does it represent? What is it here? What does it represent? What is it here? What does it represent? What is the point of this rock? But I looked it the point of this rock? But I looked it the point of this rock? But I looked it up and I found an article from All Ears up and I found an article from All Ears up and I found an article from All Ears and they say that uh in Chinese culture and they say that uh in Chinese culture and they say that uh in Chinese culture looking at a rock of an interesting form looking at a rock of an interesting form looking at a rock of an interesting form is supposed to be thoughtprovoking and is supposed to be thoughtprovoking and is supposed to be thoughtprovoking and help like kind of like quell your uh help like kind of like quell your uh help like kind of like quell your uh like your inner thoughts from running like your inner thoughts from running like your inner thoughts from running too wild in one direction or another. So too wild in one direction or another. So too wild in one direction or another. So you kind of like focus on one thing and you kind of like focus on one thing and you kind of like focus on one thing and you think like what an interesting rock. you think like what an interesting rock. you think like what an interesting rock. It kind of like it's like looking at the It kind of like it's like looking at the It kind of like it's like looking at the clouds, like looking at shapes in the clouds, like looking at shapes in the clouds, like looking at shapes in the clouds. And so back in ancient Chinese clouds. And so back in ancient Chinese clouds. And so back in ancient Chinese times, emperors would send out men to times, emperors would send out men to times, emperors would send out men to try to find the most interesting large try to find the most interesting large try to find the most interesting large rock that they could find. In the all rock that they could find. In the all rock that they could find. In the all years article, it says some of these years article, it says some of these years article, it says some of these expeditions would take up to three expeditions would take up to three expeditions would take up to three years. And so in the article, they years. And so in the article, they years. And so in the article, they believe that that's what this is believe that that's what this is believe that that's what this is representing is a large rock that maybe representing is a large rock that maybe representing is a large rock that maybe an emperor had sent out a a search or a an emperor had sent out a a search or a an emperor had sent out a a search or a party to go and find something party to go and find something party to go and find something interesting and thoughtprovoking, interesting and thoughtprovoking, interesting and thoughtprovoking, something that you could look at and be something that you could look at and be something that you could look at and be like, "Oh, what an interesting rock." like, "Oh, what an interesting rock." like, "Oh, what an interesting rock." And then kind of clear your thoughts And then kind of clear your thoughts And then kind of clear your thoughts from other thoughts running through your from other thoughts running through your from other thoughts running through your head and just kind of focus on the fact head and just kind of focus on the fact head and just kind of focus on the fact that this is an interesting rock and that this is an interesting rock and that this is an interesting rock and like what it looks like and what it like what it looks like and what it like what it looks like and what it means and how it makes you feel. means and how it makes you feel. means and how it makes you feel. What do you guys think? But also, and What do you guys think? But also, and What do you guys think? But also, and I'm going to read this from Wikipedia, I'm going to read this from Wikipedia, I'm going to read this from Wikipedia, there is in Chinese culture something there is in Chinese culture something there is in Chinese culture something called Gongi, which is known as the called Gongi, which is known as the called Gongi, which is known as the scholars rocks or viewing stones are scholars rocks or viewing stones are scholars rocks or viewing stones are naturally occurring or shaped rocks naturally occurring or shaped rocks naturally occurring or shaped rocks which are traditionally appreciated by which are traditionally appreciated by which are traditionally appreciated by Chinese scholars. Scholars rocks can be Chinese scholars. Scholars rocks can be Chinese scholars. Scholars rocks can be any color and contrasting colors are not any color and contrasting colors are not any color and contrasting colors are not uncommon. The size of the stone can also uncommon. The size of the stone can also uncommon. The size of the stone can also be quite v varied. Scholars rocks can be quite v varied. Scholars rocks can be quite v varied. Scholars rocks can weigh hundreds of pounds to less than a weigh hundreds of pounds to less than a weigh hundreds of pounds to less than a pound. So basically it's sort of the pound. So basically it's sort of the pound. So basically it's sort of the same thing like a rock that you would same thing like a rock that you would same thing like a rock that you would look at and like use it as like a look at and like use it as like a look at and like use it as like a thinking like almost like and I'm kind thinking like almost like and I'm kind thinking like almost like and I'm kind of comparing this to something that is of comparing this to something that is of comparing this to something that is like that I can understand a worry stone like that I can understand a worry stone like that I can understand a worry stone like you have a stone that you kind of like you have a stone that you kind of like you have a stone that you kind of like rub when you're worried to kind of like rub when you're worried to kind of like rub when you're worried to kind of get your thoughts off what you're get your thoughts off what you're get your thoughts off what you're worrying about. Same idea something that worrying about. Same idea something that worrying about. Same idea something that you can look at that's interesting in you can look at that's interesting in you can look at that's interesting in order to take your mind off of what's order to take your mind off of what's order to take your mind off of what's really like bothering you or what's been really like bothering you or what's been really like bothering you or what's been like plaguing your mind running through like plaguing your mind running through like plaguing your mind running through your brain a lot. What do you guys your brain a lot. What do you guys your brain a lot. What do you guys think? I think that that's probably what think? I think that that's probably what think? I think that that's probably what this is. There's also other ones. One this is. There's also other ones. One this is. There's also other ones. One back behind the gift shop over here. I'm back behind the gift shop over here. I'm back behind the gift shop over here. I'm going to go show it to you guys. This going to go show it to you guys. This going to go show it to you guys. This gift shop here, this gift kiosk is good gift shop here, this gift kiosk is good gift shop here, this gift kiosk is good called Good Fortune Gifts. And if you go called Good Fortune Gifts. And if you go called Good Fortune Gifts. And if you go back behind it, you can see this one back behind it, you can see this one back behind it, you can see this one seems larger. Look at this thing. It's seems larger. Look at this thing. It's seems larger. Look at this thing. It's huge. Wow. What are you guys seeing it? huge. Wow. What are you guys seeing it? huge. Wow. What are you guys seeing it? How you feeling? Are you contemplating? How you feeling? Are you contemplating? How you feeling? Are you contemplating? And also once you realize that there are And also once you realize that there are And also once you realize that there are these rocks out there, then you come these rocks out there, then you come these rocks out there, then you come back into the China pavilion and you back into the China pavilion and you back into the China pavilion and you start to notice more and more large start to notice more and more large start to notice more and more large rocks that are interesting to look at. rocks that are interesting to look at. rocks that are interesting to look at. This crane, this is like beautiful This crane, this is like beautiful This crane, this is like beautiful nature photography. Look at this. nature photography. Look at this. nature photography. Look at this. Wow, look at this little feathers back Wow, look at this little feathers back Wow, look at this little feathers back there blowing in the wind. there blowing in the wind. there blowing in the wind. This is awesome. What if this was a fake This is awesome. What if this was a fake This is awesome. What if this was a fake bird the whole time? Made it into bird the whole time? Made it into bird the whole time? Made it into Germany. I wanted to check in the gift Germany. I wanted to check in the gift Germany. I wanted to check in the gift shop because I heard tell of a Disney shop because I heard tell of a Disney shop because I heard tell of a Disney Cruise Line bear. Look at this. Happy Cruise Line bear. Look at this. Happy Cruise Line bear. Look at this. Happy little gingerbread boy. Over here at little gingerbread boy. Over here at little gingerbread boy. Over here at Vulkunst, we're going to find the Disney Vulkunst, we're going to find the Disney Vulkunst, we're going to find the Disney Cruise Line bear. This is from the Cruise Line bear. This is from the Cruise Line bear. This is from the company that made the original teddy company that made the original teddy company that made the original teddy bear, Sty. bear, Sty. bear, Sty. &gt;&gt; There it is. A $450 Duffy. This is a &gt;&gt; There it is. A $450 Duffy. This is a &gt;&gt; There it is. A $450 Duffy. This is a fully pososeable Disney. This is a teddy fully pososeable Disney. This is a teddy fully pososeable Disney. This is a teddy bear. And uh so Stif made the very first bear. And uh so Stif made the very first bear. And uh so Stif made the very first teddy bear and they named it after Teddy teddy bear and they named it after Teddy teddy bear and they named it after Teddy Roosevelt. But they've been making teddy Roosevelt. But they've been making teddy Roosevelt. But they've been making teddy bears since 1880. has a limited edition bears since 1880. has a limited edition bears since 1880. has a limited edition Disney Cruise Line Duffy. And I haven't Disney Cruise Line Duffy. And I haven't Disney Cruise Line Duffy. And I haven't seen anybody post anything about it on seen anybody post anything about it on seen anybody post anything about it on Cruise Line yet, but I don't know if you Cruise Line yet, but I don't know if you Cruise Line yet, but I don't know if you can see it back here, but there's a can see it back here, but there's a can see it back here, but there's a Disney Cruise Line tag on the back of Disney Cruise Line tag on the back of Disney Cruise Line tag on the back of him. Little embroidered thing. I was him. Little embroidered thing. I was him. Little embroidered thing. I was going to go over like the history of Sty going to go over like the history of Sty going to go over like the history of Sty with you guys, but like it is extensive. with you guys, but like it is extensive. with you guys, but like it is extensive. So, I encourage you guys to look it up, So, I encourage you guys to look it up, So, I encourage you guys to look it up, but basically they made the first but basically they made the first but basically they made the first poseable bear, like stuffed bear, which poseable bear, like stuffed bear, which poseable bear, like stuffed bear, which is what this is. None of the ones that is what this is. None of the ones that is what this is. None of the ones that I'm seeing out here are poseable where I'm seeing out here are poseable where I'm seeing out here are poseable where it has articulated arms and legs. So, it has articulated arms and legs. So, it has articulated arms and legs. So, this is more like the very first bear this is more like the very first bear this is more like the very first bear that Stif ever made than these are. But that Stif ever made than these are. But that Stif ever made than these are. But the very first stuffed animal that Sty the very first stuffed animal that Sty the very first stuffed animal that Sty ever made was an elephant. Of course, it ever made was an elephant. Of course, it ever made was an elephant. Of course, it wasn't Dumbo, but it was an elephant. wasn't Dumbo, but it was an elephant. wasn't Dumbo, but it was an elephant. And then they become popular in the And then they become popular in the And then they become popular in the United States. But then it wasn't until United States. But then it wasn't until United States. But then it wasn't until Teddy Roosevelt refused to shoot a tied Teddy Roosevelt refused to shoot a tied Teddy Roosevelt refused to shoot a tied up bear that they decided to name it a up bear that they decided to name it a up bear that they decided to name it a teddy bear. Because a cartoon of Teddy teddy bear. Because a cartoon of Teddy teddy bear. Because a cartoon of Teddy Teddy Roosevelt refusing to shoot a bear Teddy Roosevelt refusing to shoot a bear Teddy Roosevelt refusing to shoot a bear that was tied up was the best that was tied up was the best that was tied up was the best advertisement for the bear, the stuffed advertisement for the bear, the stuffed advertisement for the bear, the stuffed bear. People were excited to buy a bear. People were excited to buy a bear. People were excited to buy a stuffed bear and people were calling it stuffed bear and people were calling it stuffed bear and people were calling it a teddy bear because Teddy Roosevelt is a teddy bear because Teddy Roosevelt is a teddy bear because Teddy Roosevelt is what inspired them to buy it. Him not what inspired them to buy it. Him not what inspired them to buy it. Him not shooting this bear. Got a couple of shooting this bear. Got a couple of shooting this bear. Got a couple of other photo ops here for Festival of the other photo ops here for Festival of the other photo ops here for Festival of the Arts. On the inside, they should tell Arts. On the inside, they should tell Arts. On the inside, they should tell you how to pose or what the artwork is. you how to pose or what the artwork is. you how to pose or what the artwork is. Yeah. So, like this one's the Mona, this Yeah. So, like this one's the Mona, this Yeah. So, like this one's the Mona, this one's the Mona Lisa, and this one's the one's the Mona Lisa, and this one's the one's the Mona Lisa, and this one's the Scream. Now, scream. Everybody clap your Scream. Now, scream. Everybody clap your Scream. Now, scream. Everybody clap your hands. Here's your fun fact about the hands. Here's your fun fact about the hands. Here's your fun fact about the Mona Lisa. So, Da Vinci uh had a bunch Mona Lisa. So, Da Vinci uh had a bunch Mona Lisa. So, Da Vinci uh had a bunch of artists that were learning underneath of artists that were learning underneath of artists that were learning underneath him, and what they would do is they him, and what they would do is they him, and what they would do is they would copy his artwork exactly. And for would copy his artwork exactly. And for would copy his artwork exactly. And for a long time, they hadn't found any other a long time, they hadn't found any other a long time, they hadn't found any other versions of the Mona Lisa. But just versions of the Mona Lisa. But just versions of the Mona Lisa. But just recently, they found an apprentice recently, they found an apprentice recently, they found an apprentice version of the Mona Lisa, and it's an version of the Mona Lisa, and it's an version of the Mona Lisa, and it's an exact copy of this Mona Lisa, but it is exact copy of this Mona Lisa, but it is exact copy of this Mona Lisa, but it is not as damaged and it hasn't had it's a not as damaged and it hasn't had it's a not as damaged and it hasn't had it's a cracking because I think they used a cracking because I think they used a cracking because I think they used a different kind of paint. Like this has a different kind of paint. Like this has a different kind of paint. Like this has a lacquer over top of it. That's what this lacquer over top of it. That's what this lacquer over top of it. That's what this cracking is. And like if we could clean cracking is. And like if we could clean cracking is. And like if we could clean this lacquer off. I don't think they this lacquer off. I don't think they this lacquer off. I don't think they want to mess with the Mona Lisa, though. want to mess with the Mona Lisa, though. want to mess with the Mona Lisa, though. Uh it might pop a little bit better. But Uh it might pop a little bit better. But Uh it might pop a little bit better. But they were able to clean the one that was they were able to clean the one that was they were able to clean the one that was the uh the apprentice and we found out the uh the apprentice and we found out the uh the apprentice and we found out she actually does have eyebrows. Like she actually does have eyebrows. Like she actually does have eyebrows. Like very well pronounced eyebrows. There's very well pronounced eyebrows. There's very well pronounced eyebrows. There's your fun. She's staring into my soul. your fun. She's staring into my soul. your fun. She's staring into my soul. But that's your fun fact about the Mona But that's your fun fact about the Mona But that's your fun fact about the Mona Lisa. Over here in Italy, there was a Lisa. Over here in Italy, there was a Lisa. Over here in Italy, there was a big deal that somebody found a Birkin big deal that somebody found a Birkin big deal that somebody found a Birkin bag inside of this uh perfume elegante bag inside of this uh perfume elegante bag inside of this uh perfume elegante shop or GMA the LMA elegante. We'll see. shop or GMA the LMA elegante. We'll see. shop or GMA the LMA elegante. We'll see. They've got Gucci and stuff in here. We They've got Gucci and stuff in here. We They've got Gucci and stuff in here. We can get Gucci in here. We can get more can get Gucci in here. We can get more can get Gucci in here. We can get more Gucci. We can get Prada. You know, I Gucci. We can get Prada. You know, I Gucci. We can get Prada. You know, I just realized we're in Italy, not uh not just realized we're in Italy, not uh not just realized we're in Italy, not uh not France. So, this wouldn't be the gift France. So, this wouldn't be the gift France. So, this wouldn't be the gift shop where they would sell Hermes. They shop where they would sell Hermes. They shop where they would sell Hermes. They would sell Prada and Gucci in here. So, would sell Prada and Gucci in here. So, would sell Prada and Gucci in here. So, let's head over to France. See if we can let's head over to France. See if we can let's head over to France. See if we can see anything in there. Over here in the see anything in there. Over here in the see anything in there. Over here in the American Adventure over here in the American Adventure over here in the American Adventure over here in the American Pavilion, they still have the American Pavilion, they still have the American Pavilion, they still have the Christmas tree out. Christmas tree out. Christmas tree out. Oh, artist table. They've already Oh, artist table. They've already Oh, artist table. They've already changed the signage for Festival of the changed the signage for Festival of the changed the signage for Festival of the Arts, but they still have the Christmas Arts, but they still have the Christmas Arts, but they still have the Christmas decorations up on the booth. decorations up on the booth. decorations up on the booth. I like that. It was a nice little like I like that. It was a nice little like I like that. It was a nice little like juxtaposition between Festival of the juxtaposition between Festival of the juxtaposition between Festival of the Arts and Festival of the Holidays. Came Arts and Festival of the Holidays. Came Arts and Festival of the Holidays. Came into the Japan pavilion because I wanted into the Japan pavilion because I wanted into the Japan pavilion because I wanted to head into Mitsukoshi and take a to head into Mitsukoshi and take a to head into Mitsukoshi and take a selfie with the Pikachu that's in here. selfie with the Pikachu that's in here. selfie with the Pikachu that's in here. So long as it's still here. So, I've So long as it's still here. So, I've So long as it's still here. So, I've been on the lookout for a Garbodor been on the lookout for a Garbodor been on the lookout for a Garbodor Pokémon plush. This Bonsley is uncommon. Pokémon plush. This Bonsley is uncommon. Pokémon plush. This Bonsley is uncommon. So, I'd like, you know, pretty cool. So, I'd like, you know, pretty cool. So, I'd like, you know, pretty cool. Pretty cool to see something like that. Pretty cool to see something like that. Pretty cool to see something like that. So, we'll keep our eye out. See what So, we'll keep our eye out. See what So, we'll keep our eye out. See what else we can find in here. Look at these else we can find in here. Look at these else we can find in here. Look at these little cats serving food here. little cats serving food here. little cats serving food here. little blind boxes. This would be a fun little blind boxes. This would be a fun little blind boxes. This would be a fun place to come to do a blind box thing. place to come to do a blind box thing. place to come to do a blind box thing. &gt;&gt; Got like little Matchbox cats that when &gt;&gt; Got like little Matchbox cats that when &gt;&gt; Got like little Matchbox cats that when you open them up, the little cat head you open them up, the little cat head you open them up, the little cat head pops out. Uh cats serving food, cats as pops out. Uh cats serving food, cats as pops out. Uh cats serving food, cats as little uh plants, cats going down little uh plants, cats going down little uh plants, cats going down slides, cats as sushi, slides, cats as sushi, slides, cats as sushi, cats in various funny positions, as well cats in various funny positions, as well cats in various funny positions, as well as dogs up top there as dogs up top there as dogs up top there &gt;&gt; with cats wearing silly hats. &gt;&gt; with cats wearing silly hats. &gt;&gt; with cats wearing silly hats. This one just has a shrimp around his This one just has a shrimp around his This one just has a shrimp around his head. These are like towels, I would head. These are like towels, I would head. These are like towels, I would assume. Maybe like robe type things assume. Maybe like robe type things assume. Maybe like robe type things here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. They're like onesies. Oh, that's &gt;&gt; Oh, no. They're like onesies. Oh, that's &gt;&gt; Oh, no. They're like onesies. Oh, that's fun. fun. fun. There he is. Chainsaw There he is. Chainsaw There he is. Chainsaw guy man guy man guy man head. I'm sorry. I never learned it. Of head. I'm sorry. I never learned it. Of head. I'm sorry. I never learned it. Of all the things I said, did I say all the things I said, did I say all the things I said, did I say chainsaw man? This is chainsaw man. See, chainsaw man? This is chainsaw man. See, chainsaw man? This is chainsaw man. See, this is fun. Or an Eevee one. Ooh. Is this is fun. Or an Eevee one. Ooh. Is this is fun. Or an Eevee one. Ooh. Is this for kids? Is this a kids hat? this for kids? Is this a kids hat? this for kids? Is this a kids hat? Doesn't say. It's funny because they Doesn't say. It's funny because they Doesn't say. It's funny because they still play Mario every single day. Like still play Mario every single day. Like still play Mario every single day. Like right now they're playing Wonder again. right now they're playing Wonder again. right now they're playing Wonder again. Both of them. Jackson and Oliver. But Both of them. Jackson and Oliver. But Both of them. Jackson and Oliver. But they're like obsessed with Pokemon as they're like obsessed with Pokemon as they're like obsessed with Pokemon as far as like learning about them. Oh, far as like learning about them. Oh, far as like learning about them. Oh, models. You could build a Mewtwo. models. You could build a Mewtwo. models. You could build a Mewtwo. Charizard and a Dragonite. Charizard and a Dragonite. Charizard and a Dragonite. An Eevee. An Eevee. An Eevee. A model kit. Quick. Just kind of snap A model kit. Quick. Just kind of snap A model kit. Quick. Just kind of snap them together. That's fun. Oh, Pikachu. them together. That's fun. Oh, Pikachu. them together. That's fun. Oh, Pikachu. Man, this is where I'm coming. The next Man, this is where I'm coming. The next Man, this is where I'm coming. The next birthday. So far, the only thing that I birthday. So far, the only thing that I birthday. So far, the only thing that I found is that Gretzu found is that Gretzu found is that Gretzu uh pink salt flavor potato chips. Oh, uh pink salt flavor potato chips. Oh, uh pink salt flavor potato chips. Oh, and also the Nurutu here, too. I haven't and also the Nurutu here, too. I haven't and also the Nurutu here, too. I haven't found uh Yeah, I haven't found any other found uh Yeah, I haven't found any other found uh Yeah, I haven't found any other like cartoon style like people on these like cartoon style like people on these like cartoon style like people on these chips yet. And this guy's pretty fun. chips yet. And this guy's pretty fun. chips yet. And this guy's pretty fun. Look at him. They're like little pink Look at him. They're like little pink Look at him. They're like little pink crackers. This is fun. Got like cup of crackers. This is fun. Got like cup of crackers. This is fun. Got like cup of noodle stuff back here. I didn't realize noodle stuff back here. I didn't realize noodle stuff back here. I didn't realize that they had these gach buns out here that they had these gach buns out here that they had these gach buns out here outside of the gift shop. &gt;&gt; We did it. We've made it to France. All &gt;&gt; We did it. We've made it to France. All &gt;&gt; We did it. We've made it to France. All right, let's check in these gift shops. right, let's check in these gift shops. right, let's check in these gift shops. See what they got. This is the dog that See what they got. This is the dog that See what they got. This is the dog that Joey had in his apartment for friends. Joey had in his apartment for friends. Joey had in his apartment for friends. Yeah, they have a few bags. They got a Yeah, they have a few bags. They got a Yeah, they have a few bags. They got a Louis here, but these are all like Louis here, but these are all like Louis here, but these are all like pre-owned. Oh, it's from what goes pre-owned. Oh, it's from what goes pre-owned. Oh, it's from what goes around comes around. Same thing that was around comes around. Same thing that was around comes around. Same thing that was on the cruise ship. Yeah. Louis Vuitton on the cruise ship. Yeah. Louis Vuitton on the cruise ship. Yeah. Louis Vuitton Christian Gioras Christian Gioras Christian Gioras the casserole. Who is this lady and why the casserole. Who is this lady and why the casserole. Who is this lady and why is she so frightening? There it is. is she so frightening? There it is. is she so frightening? There it is. There's Franc's one Christmas decoration There's Franc's one Christmas decoration There's Franc's one Christmas decoration outside of the halls. outside of the halls. outside of the halls. Aalis aisery. Aalis aisery. Aalis aisery. I was thinking I might come in here and I was thinking I might come in here and I was thinking I might come in here and grab like a little sandwich for lunch. grab like a little sandwich for lunch. grab like a little sandwich for lunch. Look at this line. Comes all the way Look at this line. Comes all the way Look at this line. Comes all the way back to the door. And that's not even it back to the door. And that's not even it back to the door. And that's not even it like snakes through there too. Oof. Just like snakes through there too. Oof. Just like snakes through there too. Oof. Just kidding. And there are a couple more kidding. And there are a couple more kidding. And there are a couple more Christmas decorations out here in Christmas decorations out here in Christmas decorations out here in France. This is the strangest thing to France. This is the strangest thing to France. This is the strangest thing to me. So, there's a camera here, right? me. So, there's a camera here, right? me. So, there's a camera here, right? See, it's a camera. You go over here and See, it's a camera. You go over here and See, it's a camera. You go over here and you look inside you look inside you look inside and there's a picture like you're and there's a picture like you're and there's a picture like you're looking through a camera, but that's a looking through a camera, but that's a looking through a camera, but that's a monitor. Like, that is a digital camera monitor. Like, that is a digital camera monitor. Like, that is a digital camera and a monitor that you're looking at. and a monitor that you're looking at. and a monitor that you're looking at. &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't it just be like a pass &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't it just be like a pass &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't it just be like a pass through? Just put some lenses in there. through? Just put some lenses in there. through? Just put some lenses in there. Why are you doing the whole like doing a Why are you doing the whole like doing a Why are you doing the whole like doing a whole Oh, maybe it's part of the the whole Oh, maybe it's part of the the whole Oh, maybe it's part of the the ducttales thing. Maybe that's why it's a ducttales thing. Maybe that's why it's a ducttales thing. Maybe that's why it's a monitor. Okay, I need to still have to I monitor. Okay, I need to still have to I monitor. Okay, I need to still have to I still have to come back and play that still have to come back and play that still have to come back and play that ducttales thing. One of the last times ducttales thing. One of the last times ducttales thing. One of the last times we came to Epcot, we went inside and we came to Epcot, we went inside and we came to Epcot, we went inside and showed you guys here at the Crown and showed you guys here at the Crown and showed you guys here at the Crown and Crest that they changed the crests over Crest that they changed the crests over Crest that they changed the crests over the mantle and like depending on the the mantle and like depending on the the mantle and like depending on the season. So, last time we were here was season. So, last time we were here was season. So, last time we were here was Halloween time or last time we showed it Halloween time or last time we showed it Halloween time or last time we showed it was Halloween time. So, it was like was Halloween time. So, it was like was Halloween time. So, it was like Frankenstein and and Dracula and stuff. Frankenstein and and Dracula and stuff. Frankenstein and and Dracula and stuff. Let's see what it is now. Turner and Let's see what it is now. Turner and Let's see what it is now. Turner and Evans, Evans, Evans, Macaffer, there's nothing. I don't know Macaffer, there's nothing. I don't know Macaffer, there's nothing. I don't know what's doesn't seem uh seem very what's doesn't seem uh seem very what's doesn't seem uh seem very interesting right now. Tabore interesting right now. Tabore interesting right now. Tabore Ainssworth H. Yeah, I guess cuz it's not Ainssworth H. Yeah, I guess cuz it's not Ainssworth H. Yeah, I guess cuz it's not there's not like a festival going on there's not like a festival going on there's not like a festival going on right now. Maybe during Festival of the right now. Maybe during Festival of the right now. Maybe during Festival of the Arts they'll change it to artist names. Arts they'll change it to artist names. Arts they'll change it to artist names. Tim Dracker. I had to special order this Tim Dracker. I had to special order this Tim Dracker. I had to special order this salt for Jen. Could have just come out salt for Jen. Could have just come out salt for Jen. Could have just come out here to Epcot and gotten it. She didn't here to Epcot and gotten it. She didn't here to Epcot and gotten it. She didn't want smoke though. She wanted regular. want smoke though. She wanted regular. want smoke though. She wanted regular. Maybe that was over here. It's sold out. Maybe that was over here. It's sold out. Maybe that was over here. It's sold out. They haven't taken down the candy cane They haven't taken down the candy cane They haven't taken down the candy cane poles yet, but they have set up the wall poles yet, but they have set up the wall poles yet, but they have set up the wall where we're going to do the paint by where we're going to do the paint by where we're going to do the paint by numbers where we as collective guests of numbers where we as collective guests of numbers where we as collective guests of Epcot all paint one huge mural. They Epcot all paint one huge mural. They Epcot all paint one huge mural. They give you like a little ramkin of paint give you like a little ramkin of paint give you like a little ramkin of paint and you get three squares you get to and you get three squares you get to and you get three squares you get to paint in and that'll uh it'll become an paint in and that'll uh it'll become an paint in and that'll uh it'll become an entire portrait or an entire painting by entire portrait or an entire painting by entire portrait or an entire painting by the end of the by the end of the week the end of the by the end of the week the end of the by the end of the week really. Like they keep changing it out really. Like they keep changing it out really. Like they keep changing it out throughout the festival. But yeah, it's throughout the festival. But yeah, it's throughout the festival. But yeah, it's a fun thing that you can do here at a fun thing that you can do here at a fun thing that you can do here at Epcot. I have the microphone on so Epcot. I have the microphone on so Epcot. I have the microphone on so nobody will be able to hear me, but nobody will be able to hear me, but nobody will be able to hear me, but there's Nick. He ran the 5K today. there's Nick. He ran the 5K today. there's Nick. He ran the 5K today. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; Look at that. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; We did it. &gt;&gt; That's the start of your bookend. &gt;&gt; That's the start of your bookend. &gt;&gt; That's the start of your bookend. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is one bookend to the book themed. &gt;&gt; This is one bookend to the book themed. &gt;&gt; This is one bookend to the book themed. &gt;&gt; A lot of miles to go. &gt;&gt; A lot of miles to go. &gt;&gt; A lot of miles to go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You have to run the dopey. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You have to run the dopey. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You have to run the dopey. &gt;&gt; You want to ride Spaceship Earth with &gt;&gt; You want to ride Spaceship Earth with &gt;&gt; You want to ride Spaceship Earth with me? me? me? &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; We go. 10-minute wait for Spaceship &gt;&gt; We go. 10-minute wait for Spaceship &gt;&gt; We go. 10-minute wait for Spaceship Earth. Let's go say hi to Steve the Earth. Let's go say hi to Steve the Earth. Let's go say hi to Steve the Egyptian. There he is getting kicked in Egyptian. There he is getting kicked in Egyptian. There he is getting kicked in the head as always. You want to do it in the head as always. You want to do it in the head as always. You want to do it in a different language? Let's do it in a different language? Let's do it in a different language? Let's do it in German. I'm just kidding. German. I'm just kidding. German. I'm just kidding. &gt;&gt; No, he's got a rock. &gt;&gt; No, he's got a rock. &gt;&gt; No, he's got a rock. until we learn to communicate. until we learn to communicate. until we learn to communicate. &gt;&gt; Is he going to do it? Or maybe he &gt;&gt; Is he going to do it? Or maybe he &gt;&gt; Is he going to do it? Or maybe he doesn't have a rock right now. doesn't have a rock right now. doesn't have a rock right now. &gt;&gt; Did you guys see how shiny his knees are &gt;&gt; Did you guys see how shiny his knees are &gt;&gt; Did you guys see how shiny his knees are back there? back there? back there? &gt;&gt; Those shiny knees. &gt;&gt; Those shiny knees. &gt;&gt; Those shiny knees. &gt;&gt; Well, we know him. His name's Steve. &gt;&gt; Well, we know him. His name's Steve. &gt;&gt; Well, we know him. His name's Steve. Yeah, that was me. I named him Steve. Yeah, that was me. I named him Steve. Yeah, that was me. I named him Steve. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then FDR right here. &gt;&gt; And then FDR right here. &gt;&gt; And then FDR right here. &gt;&gt; Ancient Egyptian FDR. Oh no, Rome fell. &gt;&gt; Ancient Egyptian FDR. Oh no, Rome fell. &gt;&gt; Ancient Egyptian FDR. Oh no, Rome fell. &gt;&gt; Great library of Alexandria. &gt;&gt; Great library of Alexandria. &gt;&gt; Great library of Alexandria. &gt;&gt; The Great Library of Alexandria burned. &gt;&gt; The Great Library of Alexandria burned. &gt;&gt; The Great Library of Alexandria burned. &gt;&gt; Our learning is destroyed. Why did we &gt;&gt; Our learning is destroyed. Why did we &gt;&gt; Our learning is destroyed. Why did we only keep it in one library? only keep it in one library? only keep it in one library? &gt;&gt; But we didn't. We kept it in two &gt;&gt; But we didn't. We kept it in two &gt;&gt; But we didn't. We kept it in two libraries. libraries. libraries. &gt;&gt; If you could go back, Nick asked me if I &gt;&gt; If you could go back, Nick asked me if I &gt;&gt; If you could go back, Nick asked me if I could go back in time, where would I go? could go back in time, where would I go? could go back in time, where would I go? I'd go to this right here. He's I'd go to this right here. He's I'd go to this right here. He's sleeping. sleeping. sleeping. &gt;&gt; He could sleep &gt;&gt; He could sleep &gt;&gt; He could sleep &gt;&gt; to that scene. I'd like to sleep. &gt;&gt; to that scene. I'd like to sleep. &gt;&gt; to that scene. I'd like to sleep. &gt;&gt; Maybe I'd go back and tell old that &gt;&gt; Maybe I'd go back and tell old that &gt;&gt; Maybe I'd go back and tell old that he needs to not skip leg day. It's a he needs to not skip leg day. It's a he needs to not skip leg day. It's a great big beautiful tomorrow great big beautiful tomorrow great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day. I got shining at the end of every day. I got shining at the end of every day. I got something now called the rat race. All something now called the rat race. All something now called the rat race. All right, let's uh pay our respects to the right, let's uh pay our respects to the right, let's uh pay our respects to the child in the corner. So, we had a story child in the corner. So, we had a story child in the corner. So, we had a story that the reason that he's facing that the reason that he's facing that the reason that he's facing backwards is that uh he was placed too backwards is that uh he was placed too backwards is that uh he was placed too close to a light and his face melted. close to a light and his face melted. close to a light and his face melted. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; I don't think that's true because &gt;&gt; I don't think that's true because &gt;&gt; I don't think that's true because William just replaced his face, William just replaced his face, William just replaced his face, &gt;&gt; right? I my dream one day is to see what &gt;&gt; right? I my dream one day is to see what &gt;&gt; right? I my dream one day is to see what his face actually looks like. his face actually looks like. his face actually looks like. &gt;&gt; I don't think he has one. &gt;&gt; I don't think he has one. &gt;&gt; I don't think he has one. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; maybe though. I never know. &gt;&gt; maybe though. I never know. &gt;&gt; maybe though. I never know. &gt;&gt; You know about the the the guy that's &gt;&gt; You know about the the the guy that's &gt;&gt; You know about the the the guy that's doing the Morse code? doing the Morse code? doing the Morse code? originally had a pencil in his hand and originally had a pencil in his hand and originally had a pencil in his hand and he was no originally he was doing the he was no originally he was doing the he was no originally he was doing the Morris code but then his hand stopped Morris code but then his hand stopped Morris code but then his hand stopped moving so much they just put a pencil in moving so much they just put a pencil in moving so much they just put a pencil in his hand and kind of moved it to the his hand and kind of moved it to the his hand and kind of moved it to the side so it looks like he's writing down side so it looks like he's writing down side so it looks like he's writing down what the Morris code is saying. How do what the Morris code is saying. How do what the Morris code is saying. How do we know that this is the offices of IBM? we know that this is the offices of IBM? we know that this is the offices of IBM? Because of that tag right there that Because of that tag right there that Because of that tag right there that says think cuz that was IBM's uh like says think cuz that was IBM's uh like says think cuz that was IBM's uh like catchphrase. You know, one time I went to a garage in You know, one time I went to a garage in You know, one time I went to a garage in California that was supposedly maybe California that was supposedly maybe California that was supposedly maybe where HP started. Maybe this actual where HP started. Maybe this actual where HP started. Maybe this actual garage. There's like a sign out. We did garage. There's like a sign out. We did garage. There's like a sign out. We did it. Waiting for it. Waiting for it. Waiting for &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It was in Palo Alto. See how &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It was in Palo Alto. See how &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It was in Palo Alto. See how me. Oh, look. There I am. me. Oh, look. There I am. me. Oh, look. There I am. &gt;&gt; Hello, Nick. &gt;&gt; Hello, Nick. &gt;&gt; Hello, Nick. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. What happened? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. What happened? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. What happened? &gt;&gt; I have no future. &gt;&gt; I have no future. &gt;&gt; I have no future. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. With my headless friend, Nick. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. With my headless friend, Nick. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. With my headless friend, Nick. You're going to fall off a cliff. You're going to fall off a cliff. You're going to fall off a cliff. &gt;&gt; Well, I have headless. &gt;&gt; Well, I have headless. &gt;&gt; Well, I have headless. &gt;&gt; Oh, both of us. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, both of us. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, both of us. Oh, no. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. I'm okay. Oh no, you broke your arm. I'm okay. Oh no, you broke your arm. I'm okay. Oh no, you broke your arm. You were prepared. You were prepared. You were prepared. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. My face says &gt;&gt; Don't worry. My face says &gt;&gt; Don't worry. My face says &gt;&gt; I'll fix this. &gt;&gt; I'll fix this. &gt;&gt; I'll fix this. &gt;&gt; Did you do anything about my head? It's &gt;&gt; Did you do anything about my head? It's &gt;&gt; Did you do anything about my head? It's &gt;&gt; compound fracture. &gt;&gt; compound fracture. &gt;&gt; compound fracture. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; You're very serious about helping. I &gt;&gt; You're very serious about helping. I &gt;&gt; You're very serious about helping. I appreciate that. appreciate that. appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Stuck that thing inside your arm. &gt;&gt; Stuck that thing inside your arm. &gt;&gt; Stuck that thing inside your arm. &gt;&gt; Why do you even need this cast? &gt;&gt; Why do you even need this cast? &gt;&gt; Why do you even need this cast? &gt;&gt; She replaced the bone. &gt;&gt; She replaced the bone. &gt;&gt; She replaced the bone. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's almost done. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's almost done. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's almost done. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, danger. Thin ice again. Nice work, &gt;&gt; Oh, danger. Thin ice again. Nice work, &gt;&gt; Oh, danger. Thin ice again. Nice work, everybody. everybody. everybody. Oh no, this guy is angry with us. Oh no, this guy is angry with us. Oh no, this guy is angry with us. &gt;&gt; He said, "Please stop." &gt;&gt; He said, "Please stop." &gt;&gt; He said, "Please stop." &gt;&gt; Or should I say the beginning of the &gt;&gt; Or should I say the beginning of the &gt;&gt; Or should I say the beginning of the headless headless headless &gt;&gt; literally no future &gt;&gt; literally no future &gt;&gt; literally no future &gt;&gt; times. So there you have it. That was &gt;&gt; times. So there you have it. That was &gt;&gt; times. So there you have it. That was our trip out to Epcot. Just kind of go our trip out to Epcot. Just kind of go our trip out to Epcot. Just kind of go around, get some updates on Festival of around, get some updates on Festival of around, get some updates on Festival of the Arts, get some updates on the the Arts, get some updates on the the Arts, get some updates on the closing of Festival of the Holidays, closing of Festival of the Holidays, closing of Festival of the Holidays, ride some rides. Felt good to be in ride some rides. Felt good to be in ride some rides. Felt good to be in Epcot. The weather was pretty good. It Epcot. The weather was pretty good. It Epcot. The weather was pretty good. It was like slightly hot, but like for the was like slightly hot, but like for the was like slightly hot, but like for the most part, a great trip and we got on a most part, a great trip and we got on a most part, a great trip and we got on a lot of rides. the the like weight times lot of rides. the the like weight times lot of rides. the the like weight times were really low. I think that will were really low. I think that will were really low. I think that will change throughout this weekend as the change throughout this weekend as the change throughout this weekend as the like the marathon weekend continues cuz like the marathon weekend continues cuz like the marathon weekend continues cuz a lot of people are in town right now. a lot of people are in town right now. a lot of people are in town right now. So, I think they're resting now and then So, I think they're resting now and then So, I think they're resting now and then after they complete the races. Like if after they complete the races. Like if after they complete the races. Like if somebody's only doing the 10k, they'll somebody's only doing the 10k, they'll somebody's only doing the 10k, they'll probably come out after the 10k and then probably come out after the 10k and then probably come out after the 10k and then for the rest of the weekend. So, be for the rest of the weekend. So, be for the rest of the weekend. So, be prepared for probable crowds this prepared for probable crowds this prepared for probable crowds this weekend. So, all in all, it was a weekend. So, all in all, it was a weekend. So, all in all, it was a fantastic trip, a fantastic day. And fantastic trip, a fantastic day. And fantastic trip, a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll with that being said, we are off. We'll with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price. pay the price. pay the price. Heat. Hey, Heat.
