---
video_id: h9hKmgq_FgY
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "What's NEW At Disney Springs This Week! | Cool Souvenir, Cutest Merch & Lunch At Eet!"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9hKmgq_FgY
---
Good morning from Disney Springs. We're here today because it's an afternoon and it's beautiful out. >> Well, there's also lots of updates coming to Disney Springs that we want to chat about and just some like fun that we want to have. >> Yeah. >> Sorry, it's windy back here. >> Maybe we'll pick up some lunch. We haven't picked anything. Maybe we'll have a little treat. Let's go look around Disney Springs. First thing I want to point out, it's a Tuesday morning about 10:44 and it's 76° outside and breezy. Beautiful day. Not a lot of people at Disney Springs yet. So, it's, like I said, 10:44, but Disney Springs opens around 10:00 a.m. So, a lot of early shoppers get out here early. And I think today's Tuesday, and I think that's the day that they do the pin drops. Should be a lot of people waiting in line for pins over at the pin store. So, we always park in the orange garage, and we are making our way towards Aeropile. And then when we get to Aeropile or Characters in Flight, we're going to make a left, go all the way down to where House of Blues and Circus Olay is and start our video, start doing the exploring of like shopping and the new stuff down there at that end of Disney Springs. So, we're here at Aeropile or Characters in Flight. And I wanted to point out they got a new balloon. This is a helium balloon and it's brighter and more colorful. Same exact design, but it's a new balloon. So, you'll notice if you're here, just looks brand new. >> I noticed when we were at the tree houses and we were taking the sur bike around, I could tell that it was brighter from afar. >> Yeah, >> it's beautiful. I've never been on it. I'm too afraid to go on it. It's actually closed right now due to weather. A >> little windy. >> It's beautiful outside. >> It's windy. >> It can't be any wind. >> There can be a little bit of wind, but if there's a that much >> Oh, man. It's okay. Well, >> swaying. >> You did it. So, we hit a milestone, a subscriber milestone. And actually, you and Adam went up in it. >> And he was so scared. And I remember like thinking, I can't do it. If he if he's scared, I can't do it. >> Oh, later in life, he enjoyed it a lot. >> The the the balloon. Yeah. Oh. Well, I still don't think I'm going to do it, but I will admire its beauty from right here. >> I know I said I was going to start the updates down there, but I can't pass up this flower wall outside of Starbucks. Look at how beautiful these flowers are. Are they real? These real flowers? I think they might be real flowers. Springtime. Wow, look at those. That's very nice. I'd like a flower wall. And there's a butterfly up top, too. All right, so we made it all the way down here to Cirto Sole and City Works and what used to be the NBA experience is going to be level 99. >> Look at this. >> But you have to go through like an axe challenge with like a gauntlet. >> I didn't Maybe I don't know what level 99 is. >> It's like a gaming experience but like in real life. >> But you go through a gauntlet of axes, too. >> Yeah, you got to do all kinds of stuff. Laser mazes. >> This lady's like hanging from >> ziplining or something. >> Oh, man. I can't wait for this. Looks cool. >> I It does look cool, doesn't it? >> So, you can see they've started to like they took down all the NBA players that used to be up here, and now they're adding in something else on this side to make the outside look more, I don't know, cool. Built for a challenge. Look, you got to rope swing over stuff. >> I can't wait to run through axes with you. >> Yeah. Was it a challenge or are we running together hand in hand? >> I mean, this lady's doing it by herself, so I want to I want to compete against you. >> Oh, okay. I thought you were going to say you want to compete against that lady. >> No, it's you. >> Oh, okay. >> I don't know that lady. I want to compete against you. >> I mean, probably you. >> I don't think so. >> Yeah. I mean, you've done that before. You've been in that situ like a like a what's that called? Like a a damsel in distress. >> I don't think I've ever been in that situation. >> But it looks very fun and I can't wait for it to open. >> I guess it teaches you how to break out of prison. >> I don't understand. They're just like jumping around. >> Oh, no. You know what that is? >> So, there's like a line on the floor that goes back and forth >> and you have to jump over it and make it to the other side without touching the line on the ground. I'm excited about this. >> Yeah, it's going to be good. >> I really I was somebody who like really still misses Disney Quest. I'm going to link our Disney Quest videos down below because they were so fun, but this I think is going to be a strong contender for filling this space in a in a better way. >> Okay. Yeah, I agree. Also, right next to the uh future location of Level 99 is City Works Eater and Porthouse. And it's been a while since we've eaten here, and I know that the menu has changed quite a few times. So, we got to come back and try their new stuff. Oh, man. Fried pickles. I love fried pickles. But what do I Oh, I do like a meatloaf. You know, I feel like I don't eat meatloaf enough. Oh, a whole thing of burgers. Right up my right up my alley. An often overlooked place to eat. Splitsville. I'm not a sushi guy, but from what I hear, the sushi here is delicious. They got a whole sushi menu over here. Made it down to Salt and Straw. It is the 31st in the month, so this is the end of this list of flavors, uh, the limited edition flavors, but tomorrow they're going to have new flavors. This one's all based off of cereal for the month of March. And across from Salt and Straw is Summerhouse on the Lake. And right now, they have a kids item that's build your own pizza. So, if your kids order the regular pizza off the menu at Summerhouse, and you say to the waiter, "We'd like for them to make it at the table." They'll bring you out a tray with just the dough on it, the raw dough. You put the sauce on there, you put the cheese on there, you put the toppings on there, then they take it back and they cook it and then they bring it back out and the kids eat it. >> That's pretty fun. So, we do pizza night at home like that and the kids love it. >> Yeah. >> So, I think that'd be a fun thing to keep them entertained at the restaurant. Also, I saw a sign that says the cookie bar is now open at 9:00 a.m. >> Breakfast cookies. >> I love that. >> We're going to stop in here at Disney style. See if they've got anything new in here. >> So, there's probably something new since the last time we were in here. Oh, look at this daisy collection. >> Oh my gosh, that's so cute. >> Stop. >> This is fun. >> Oh, it's like a knit. >> Look at that. >> That's so cute. And look at this. >> Yeah. >> Oh, I almost bought something like this on Depot recently, but it was cherries. So, this one's $80. >> How much is the Oh, it's her universe. >> Oh, it is. >> Yeah. $40 for the knit top. It's so soft. Oh, they're daisies. Cuz her name is Daisy. >> This is really nice. I'm going to try it on. I want to see. I'm not going to get it cuz I definitely don't need another sweater. But it is very cute. >> Oh no. Did you hit your elbow >> on this? >> Oh no. I'm sorry. >> Oh, okay. >> Oh, that's nice. >> It's so cute and soft. >> Yeah, >> I love it. >> It's pretty cool. Got some new balloon hoodies. These are like what do you call that? Like terry cloth. It's nice. These are $70. Well, almost like crop top. I don't know if this is crop top, but it's like, you know what I mean? Like a little bit shorter, like an athletic cut. I've been informed that this is a boxy cut, you know, like that old YouTuber named Boxy. Oh, look at the back of the jean jacket. How do you make that? Like it's like an like a hot iron or something in there. It's embroidered. Okay, that makes more sense. I thought it was like priest. You know what I mean, man? Her universe hitting it with the Daisy merch. $70 for this dress. And it's like a stretchy material, too. All right. This is getting out of hand. At first, I said the Lounge Flies were small, so they made them smaller. >> What? >> I heard you like uh little backpacks, so I'm going to put a little backpack on your little backpack. >> Oh, yeah. What do you put in here? >> I would put like maybe you could put your AirPods, >> coins, >> a chapstick, >> pennies for when you're making wishing well. >> I'm not sure what'll fit in here. >> Uh tiny books. >> Love. Minnie on a horse. >> Get your head in the game. >> Sometimes like I I don't understand the shirts. Like I get like Orange Bird, I Heart, Walt Disney World, Disney World, Legendary, like he's like a motorcycle Mickey guy, you know, like Schmoopy Poo, King Triton, I guess his daddy issues or whatever. But then like Seven Dwarfs Mind Train. Okay. Also like this line art shirt though. It's like, you know, like a little bit like uh I don't even know what you call that. like it's the bleeding like the ink is in and the paint is bleeding out of the lines that it's supposed to go into. It looks cool. >> So, this is a new keychain. This one's stitched. They have a bunch of other characters and there's like little Mickey beads that hang on. But, I used to make stuff like this in middle school. >> So, I love like the '9s kind of style coming back. This one's really pretty. And I am a Stitch hater. >> You hate Stitch? >> My goodness. >> But I like this. >> Jen hates Mickey sunglasses. Not >> stitch. >> I can't help it if I don't. >> I'll tell you what I don't like. >> What? >> A Seven Dwarfs Mine Train T-shirt >> t-shirt? >> Yeah. >> Why? >> I don't know. It doesn't make any sense to me. >> Why not? >> Because who is buying a Seven Door? Who's that big of a fan of Seven Dors Mine Train? >> Not Snow White. >> You'd be surprised. >> The actual roller coaster seven doors. >> There's a fan for everything. >> That's true. >> I wish that the hat was more three-dimensional, but these are Oh, no. I can't pull it off. >> But these are pretty cool. Oh, >> what do you think? Uh, >> you're not even wearing boots. >> How? Oh, no. Did you just show my toes? >> I did. Super fast. >> There's not a snake in my boot. >> Oh, yeah. >> Wa. Did you see the shirt, too? What? Look at Woody. >> He looks like That reminds me of Fallout, >> right? >> Like when he was not the goal before he was the goal. >> Woody's Roundup starring Sheriff Woody, Jesse, Stinky Pete, Bullseye, and more. Who's the and more? >> I don't know. I've never seen this show. >> Me neither. It was on in the like 20th. >> Black and white. >> Oh, November 22nd. My birthday is the 24th. >> Oh, >> so it's kind of like a birthday thing. >> Yeah, it's your birthday. >> It's I like this a lot, actually. >> Happy birthday. >> Hey, >> it reminds me of like back when we used to get like the big gulp cups. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same. >> Feels very vintage, doesn't it? >> I love that they're leaning into the retro stuff. >> Yeah. >> I only wish >> That's because the millennials have the money now. >> Do they? >> Yeah. >> Who? Us? >> Yeah. Yeah. It used to be boomers and now it's the millennials. >> Is that true? >> Yeah. >> Well, I'm not going to buy this cup, but I would appreciate it here in the store. >> I wish it was made by corksicle. >> Oh, yeah. >> Cuz then I know it would be good quality. This I just don't know. >> Well, they shouldn't make it as vintage looking cuz corksicles are made of metal. >> I think they could find a way. >> I do. But I love this though. I love it. Okay. >> Oh my goodness. This is absolutely frightening. Holy cow. >> Who would put these things on their heads? >> Wa. They're like hard plastic Mickey heads. >> Let me see. Can I try it? >> Yeah. >> Oh, they are hard. >> It reminds me of like remember those like poseable Mickey dolls >> that are from like 2026. You know what I mean? Like they sell Oliver just picked one up the other day >> and like somebody took the head off of it and then sparkled it. >> They decapitated one of those dolls for their ears. >> Let me see. >> It kind of is like giving Tokyo a little bit, but I don't know. >> Okay. >> Doing a little ASMR. Oh, I The microphone's way down here. Mhm. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh, it scared me. >> Perfect. Hidden Mickey's. >> Oh, yeah. >> Says $25 for Walt Disney World. Is this So, this one's Double War product. >> Yeah. So, it says florals for spring. Groundbreaking. >> Yeah. But what's this? >> Just fun. >> Okay. I thought maybe >> totes totes are coming back in a big way. >> Totes. >> Yes. >> Toes are totes coming back. If you're if you're a member of our Patreon and you are a palm tree expert, you're going to get a really cool tote and you're going to be the coolest girl in school. >> Oh. >> So, >> it's true. >> Get ready. >> This is a mom hat if I've ever seen one. >> A cool mom hat. >> Yeah. Well, I didn't say it was not a cool mom hat. I just said it's for mom. >> I love it. You don't like it? >> No, I'm saying it's for moms. I didn't say I didn't like it. Just saying it's for moms. >> I like this hat. >> You're a mom. >> She's a mom. >> All right. So, we just came through Disney style. Now, we're kind of headed back to towards the orange garage, but we're going to make a left at the Coke store and head through that section, the little covered section in there. All right, we're heading into the market building built theoretically in story in 1913 in real life in the 2000s. Oh, over here at the Colombia store, got some Mickey outdoorsy stuff. It says, "Explore nature." I like that shirt. That's fun. And then Minnie, go outside and have a sunny day. Wild and free. Mickey and Friends. This is a fun line. Last time we were here, half of Fit to Run was closed down for their refurbishment, and now the full thing is open, but it doesn't really look like uh anything much changed. Yeah, I got to say it looks pretty much the same in here. While we were looking at Fit to Run, Jen came into Sugar Boo looking for Easter stuff. Oh, did you put these on? >> I did, actually. >> Oh, let me see. >> I feel like this this whole collection is going to make me cry. >> Why? What happened? It's Easter, springtime. >> These are cool. >> I gotta love them. >> Yeah. >> What do you think? >> They look cool. You should wear them out on the town. Wear them to dinner tonight. Hey, Jen. I'd like to buy you a drink, but I've been on a minor for a heart of gold. >> Oh, we have this. >> That was a double like a minor minor. >> I did get it. >> We have this um the crossstitch. >> Yeah. >> I love everything in here. >> A book about jelly and the grumpy turtle. So, we have the What's Troll? Bashful. Bashful turtle. Look at this >> broccoli. >> Our kids love broccoli. >> Yeah, >> kind of. >> They eat it. >> Making our way a little bit further into Disney Springs. Stop at a few more shops down in this direction. All right. So, we've made it over here to Sephora, but we're going to go into Disney Ever After right over here. So, they kind of just did a little quick refresh in here. You know, black and white awnings, some stars on the back wall, this like bead. I like this like gumball machines with the beads in them. That's fun. So, do you think that they got Taylor Swift's like write off like saying like this is okay, you can put that on your thing, Disney? You think they asked Taylor Swift? >> I don't know, but I love this. >> Oh, yeah. >> I'm not even a Swifty and I love this. >> It's pretty cool, right? >> It's super cool. >> This is on the Stony Clover wall. >> Oh, okay. That makes sense. >> I'm going to try to say this. Uruu pochan. These are $19.99. These are just little tiny plushies. They're I love the pink collection. These are so cute. I love pink Eeyore. I love pink Marie. >> And I love the pink. Look at the Piglet. >> Piglet's already pink, >> but he's just like extra cute. >> Oh, yeah. >> A >> And then you got This is Pooh in his in his like Halloween costume, right? He's dressed as a bumblebee. >> He's a little bumblebee. I wish this was a keychain cuz I'd like to hang this from my bag, >> but it's not. It's just a tiny plush. And they do have beans in them so they sit up. >> Look at that. >> It's full of beans. Just put beans in my butt and I'll sit. >> Yeah, it's true. More her universe stuff. >> She's doing like amazing stuff. I love everything. >> Oh yeah. >> Like this is so cute. >> Florals for spring. >> Groundbreaking. I used to wear stuff like this in like high school and college though. It's like all coming back. >> I know. >> Why did I get rid of that stuff? >> So these keychains that are like the ear headbands will fit on those little tiny plushes that we just showed. And then you could turn those plushes into a keychain. You just got to find a way to make sure that it doesn't come off where this is just pink stitch. >> Pink stitch. But then you put these ears. So this was the other the other little keychain, right? The ear key chain. >> Yeah. I just showed him right here. >> So then you put those on him. >> And then he's a keychain though. >> Yeah. But you just got to make sure I find a way that he won't fall off. >> It's pretty secure. >> Pretty secure. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> But I wouldn't want to lose my $19 Stitch keychain or plushy, >> right? With the beans. >> With the beans. >> Bag charms. I was very confused by this. But they kind of have a a picture of or not a picture, a display of it here. Explain it to me. >> So for me, I love this one. I would get this one. >> Oh, yeah. That way you have rope just in case >> with this one. No, cuz Oh, like a survivalist. >> Yeah, this is a phone charm. >> Oh, it's a phone charm. Okay. >> This is a tiny tiny bag. Where are the big bags like this? Oh, there it is down there. >> Oh, >> okay. You put them on these. >> These are so soft. >> It's $35. >> Oh, I love this. >> You're paying for the softness. Oh my gosh, look at this one. >> Oh, what does it say? >> Keys for the castle. >> The castle. Oh, it's like an old uh motel key. >> Look at that. The balloon. I love this. What is this for? >> It's to put on It's a charm. >> For what, though? Oh, for your bracelet. >> Bracelet. >> Oh, wow. >> Somebody saw a thing that was like charms. That's what we need. >> I kind of love it. >> You can hang your favorite glasses from your backpack. >> I could. >> These, however, are earrings. >> Oh my gosh. A little tiny tote. >> Oh, totes are in. I hear. Well, I like tiny things. You know how I told you guys in that video a while ago that I'm afraid of big stuff? Like the mountains? I didn't like driving to the mountains cuz they were like too big. >> Give me a tiny thing. >> Tiny mountain. >> I love I love this. >> You're saying Jen's grandma likes sparkly things and now it turns out that Jen also likes sparkly things. >> I think it's passed down. It's like a genetic. >> Yeah. You got sparkles in your jeans. >> I love this. >> Beans in your butt and sparkles in your jeans. >> I like this. So, we just met one of you and you were buying this. Oh yeah, >> this is so cute. We >> We also just watched this movie. >> We watched it um at the tree houses and it was so good. The kids loved it. >> I love it. >> I'm just a girl standing at a Disney park asking it to do what's the rest of the line. All right, next stop. Unilo Care Bears and Powerpuff Girls. Millennials. What is this? The '9s? Who's this? Is this what kids are wearing these days? Two polo shirts with the with the collars popped. They have featured artists. This one's Jason Poland. >> Look at this. It's like a little bit embroidered. This is cute. >> I love these >> dinosaurs. >> Oh, this is cute. >> Rendezvous in outer space. >> Wow, the Keith Herring stuff. Keith, >> this is cool. I like this. I wish they had this in adults. >> Oh, Bas, too. >> Wow, that's cool. >> And Andy Warhol. >> This is cool. I haven't been in here in a minute. They've got some cool stuff. >> Stinky and Woodstock. Sneaky and Woodstock. >> These are so cute. I know. >> What's his name? >> Nbie. How was I to know Woodstock was having a swim party? >> So, when Oliver was really little, we were going, it was not I guess not really little. It was Halloween. It was Halloween time. We were passing by and somebody had a a Snoopy inflatable for Halloween and I was like, "Oh, look at that." He goes, "Oh, it's Sneaky the dog." >> So, this is the UTM me section where you can design your own shirt. And right now, they have some Pokeapia stuff. You'll see a kids basic shirt. Do some images. Uh stamp. All right. Pokemon or is it just Poke Pia? Oh, yeah. Look, it's all Pokeipia stuff. But just like a straight up ditto right in the middle. Happy little ditto. >> I like the totes are out of stock. >> I know. The mini totes are really cute though. They they come back in stock. You should get one. >> See what else there is. The Charizard. Charizard on your shirt. >> There it is. Oh, but it has all that stuff on the bottom. >> Has to have that. >> Yeah. >> This is neat. Snorlax has slept so long that grass grew all over it. >> Oh, that's okay. So, when we learned about sloths, sometimes that happens with sloths because they they'll have an entire ecosystem growing in their on their skin, on their fur, on their hair >> because they move so slowly. Yeah, that was something that I thought was an interesting fun fact about sloths. >> So, you can see they have some examples of the final product up here for Pocapia. There's one way up there as well. This is the one that we can see the closest right there is a little white Pikachu from the Unilo store. So, we're going to go right across the way here in between Harley-Davidson and Levis's. This used to be a Vulcom store and now it's going to be a Van store. I'm kind of excited for this, but I'm interested to see how it does because if a surf brand doesn't do good, do you think a skate brand will do better? >> Vans always collab with Disney. You know how they had like the Vans shoe drops and stuff? >> Yeah. >> So, I feel like it makes more sense. >> Okay. >> I don't know. I guess we'll see. I'm interested to see how Vans does because they not only have done skate shoes from when we were kids, but now they're starting to do hiking shoes, too. >> Well, I saw they do like regular tennis like sneakers. >> Yeah. >> Like a regular looking sneaker. >> Yeah. >> And not to mention like their clothing and stuff like that. >> It's for like the cool dads. >> Oh, yeah. Like me. Here at the Emirates Petissery for Women's History Month, they've got the Edna Mode petite cake. You got to celebrate her story. It's like a play on words. >> Orange curd, blackberry, panakotta, and vanilla chiffon cake. Sounds good. But the only thing is like this black icing is horrible. >> Yeah, >> it makes your whole mouth black, your fingers, your teeth, your lips. But uh the flavor sounds really good. >> All the windows at the World of Disney got updated and they're all themed to the parks. So this one's themed to Epcot and getting your head in the game. But you can see Dreamfinder kind of back here. It is uh looking a little shaky. Have I been wearing my my flannel shirts on my waist wrong? >> You got to wear it backwards. Yeah. >> No, she hasn't like as if she was wearing it and then she did like three or four buttons, pulled it down like a skirt and then tied the arms. Look. >> Oh, yeah. >> That's the new way. >> Is that how the kids are wearing them? >> Yeah. I feel like you got to you got to get a bigger size to do that too, right? >> I don't know. I mean, you don't necessarily have to. It's going through the head hole. >> Okay. >> Like I just Who's wearing them like that? Are you? Let me know. >> I'm going to start. No, not you them. >> Oh, we got Hollywood Studios for this one. It's kind of hard to see because of the the glare, but you see Tower of Terror back there. You see the lightning? >> Whoa. Oh my goodness. Look at this. >> It's a tiny version of that big bag. >> Oh, that's what you need. >> I kind of like the tiny version. >> Where's the glare? Can you guys see it in there? >> Can you see the tiny bag? >> There it is. >> I like that kids version. >> All right, so it's about 12:30, so that means lunchtime for us. And we asked Discord where they said we should eat or where they think we should eat at. >> I was like, what do you want to see? like what what's something where do you want to what have you not seen in a while or like what would you like to see an update on and a lot of people picked eat so we're going to eat >> we're going to go eat and eat >> what do you want to eat and eat >> I don't know I haven't been there in so long but everything that we had last time was really good >> so I feel like anything we get will be the right thing >> so we're making our way across this bridge here heading towards Rainforest Cafe and we're going to make a right just past Rainforest or right at Rainforest Cafe and head down there it's like right next to the Christmas store down here if you see the carous carousel. Just make a make a turn right there at the carousel. And you can see they even have a sign out front here that says eat modern Indian by Manique Choan. Also, if you ever take the boat over from say Saratoga Springs, this is your bag check right here to get in to Disney Springs right next stop and eat on your way. >> Also, there's bathrooms here, so you could use the bathroom, eat, get your bag checked. It's perfect. >> And they have a happy hour. >> Oh, lots of stuff. All right. I got the tandoori chicken poutine. I got the walking tacos with uh pork chili, Indian pico de gallo, koti cheese. There was something else in there that was >> You took off the chutney. There was >> I took off the tamaran chutney because I felt like it was a little too sweet. I might ask for a side of it so I can try it with it. And then I got some pickled jalapenos. I remember really liking this last time. And then I was also gonna get the the DIY panny puri the little remember the balls that had the you like filled them up and then poured the the mint chutney. I'm kind of kicking myself that I didn't get them now. >> Oh no. >> I know. We got to come back. But we're going to be back here for dinner later and we're going to have a big dinner. So I don't know. But this will be a good lunch. >> Yeah. And we also got a kids meal here. This is the kids sliders. >> It looks really good actually. >> What do you think of your food? >> I think it's so good. It's spicy because I took the chutney off. I feel like I am missing a flavor. >> Oo, some sweetness to go with the spiciness. >> I think I like it as it is, but yeah, I think I think it would be a little sweeter, but it is pretty spicy. It's so good. >> This is so delicious. It's so cheesy. And the chicken is so tender and flavorful. And then the potato like the the fries add a little bit of potatoey flavor. Delicious. >> They do add a potatoey flavor. You're right. >> So, what flavor do fries add? >> I mean, >> potatoey. So, here's the interesting thing about my poutine is that it's warm in temperature, but also there's like a spice on the chicken or in the sauce that is also warming. It's not spicy >> like like uh hot spicy. >> Not not hot spicy, but it is warming. Like if you were to take a jalapeno and take one drop from it >> and mix it in with a bunch of food and you still get that little bit of like a burnie, not not burning. Burning is not the right word cuz it's warm. So, it's just like the hint of a spice. >> It's good. Oo man, that was some delicious delicious lunch. I am so full. >> It was so good. >> Oh my goodness. >> Yeah, that was great. The walking taco definite must try. >> Highly recommend eat if you're coming to Disney Springs looking for a place to eat. >> I want to come back and get the DIY panty puri again. Yeah, >> cuz I just remember that being such a like unique and delicious flavor. So, we'll be back for sure. >> All right. Now, let's take a stop into the co-op. >> Been a while since we've been in here cuz we haven't been collecting the Muppets magnets anymore. >> Oh, yeah. >> We're all done. We used to be in here all the time. So, these Brooks ghosts that are like I don't know if these are the Disney ones, but they have Disney ones, and I'm kind of like I want to get them, but I don't think I want them. You know what I mean? Feel like it's like FOMO. Not a run Disney guy, but I feel like they make some cool shoes. We're here at the Disney drop shop. This is the blind box section. And get these stackable ones. >> Oh, that's kind of fun, actually. >> It's really fun. It's kind of silly. But I just realized, you know, my Donald Duck Lab Boooo. >> Yeah. >> They don't even have them in here anymore. >> Oh my goodness. >> I'm very glad that I got one when I I thought it was silly, but I'm glad I got it cuz they're gone. >> Right. >> They're creating the FOMO. >> I know. Now it's all about the pop cube. >> Got some pop cubes. >> Oh. >> Oh, yeah. >> Found a hidden Mickey. >> Where? >> Over there in the barbell weights. >> I like this. This is cute. So, the other day we showed you guys the orange ears. This is kind of like that whole collection. >> Oh, yeah. >> I like this. >> That's not a cork school though, right? >> No, it's not. But it's It feels like better quality. >> Still plastic, >> is it? >> Oh, no. It's metal. >> Metal? Yeah. >> $60. >> Do you think? >> Yep. I saw the price tag already. >> Oh. >> What do you put in here? >> Uh, your phone. >> In here? >> Yeah. >> I don't think my phone would fit in here. >> Oh. Um, a can opener. >> Is that Is that what you said? >> No. Oh, was that what you said? >> No, I thought that you said a can opener. >> Why would I say that? >> I don't know. That's why I said it questioningly. >> I'm loving all of the little cute salt and pepper shakers that they've got. It's in like a little produce. >> Well, a little like produce like carton. >> Which one is salt and which one's pepper? Which one has three holes and which one has two? >> Three holes for Oh. Oh, I thought you were asking me on this. I'm like, I don't understand. She's asking me some strange questions today. >> I can't count. No. Which one Which one do you put the pepper in and the salt in? Salt has four letters, so that's less less holes. >> Pepper has more holes. So more more letters, more holes. >> What's the real answer? Let me know in the comments. >> But this is cute. I do like it. It's um 30 bucks. >> Oh, okay. I would put sugar in it. >> Sugar >> for Yeah. For when you're eating your grapefruit in the morning or maybe to put on your strawberries. >> Okay. >> Don't you put sugar on your grapefruit? Isn't that what people do? >> I've literally never eaten a grapefruit. >> Oh, I like this thing. >> This is so cute. This is $40. I do wish it was like slightly bigger though. >> I I will be looking out for this at the outlets. >> Yeah, >> I don't want to pay that much for it. Quality is good. It's It's good quality. >> A little Starbucks cup. I always like that they give you the stopper that looks like a cup on top of your cup. >> This is really pretty. It's like the cherry blossoms because April is cherry blossom season in >> uh Japan. >> Yeah. >> There you go. >> This is nice. It's $50. It's cuz of Starbucks. >> You know how many coffees you could buy for $50? >> At least two. Oh, I thought it was like a shirt on top of a shirt. >> No, it's like, you know, the Barefoot Dreams. >> Like my um somebody for my birthday one year got me the Barefoot Dreams um robe. It's so nice. It's like such a splurge, but it's so worth it. And these are like some little shorts. >> Shorts >> and a little tank. Very cute. >> Little tanky top. >> I probably like sort of like the robe right behind you. Mine is a lot softer than this, but it looks similar. Yeah. What do you think Fantasy Land smells like? >> M. >> What's in fantasy? Horses. >> Elephants. >> Elephants. >> H. >> They're not in fantasy land anymore. >> Are they not? >> Well, in Disneyland, they are. >> They're not in our fantasy land. >> No, they're in Storybook Circus. >> Is that its own thing? >> Yeah. >> I don't know why I thought that was part of Fantasy Land. >> No, it's different. >> Oh, okay. Then it smells like Seven Dwarfs. >> Winnie the Pooh. Smells like poo. >> It smells really good. Smell this. I don't know what the uh scent palette is. Oh, >> it smells very floral, very perfumey, >> but like I wish I clean. >> There's something in there. >> Yeah, >> it is a flower. It kind of smells like a fancy perfume I've smelled. It smells really >> like maybe maybe roses. >> This color. It smells like you would think this color smells like >> Oh, there you go. Yeah, that's a good description for real. I think it is. That's why I'm not a perfume influencer. >> But here's the thing. Look at this color here. >> Yeah. >> Now look at the color in the light. >> Totally different color. >> Okay. So it No, this one's a little darker, I think. >> Oh, >> it smells like this color, not this color. >> Oh, get out of here. This color. >> So earlier we were talking about the retro cups and how we wish Cork Skull would make retro cups. This, I think, is kind of like their take on that. >> Yeah, >> the colors. So I have this from Cork without the castle. It's just like purple, pink, and then it has like a colorful straw. I love this cup. It is $55. Very cute. >> More expensive than the Starbucks one. >> Just by $5. I think it holds more. >> Yeah. So, now we're leaving the co-op and heading through the photo pass area here. Heading into Arias Brothers cuz they have a new offering now. So, just announced today, >> design your own crystal wish. >> Oh, I like these look kind of cool. Like a little paper, right? >> And then you can put the crystals inside of a pen. >> I kind of like this hand. >> Oh, >> that's kind of fun. >> Yeah. >> Ooh. So, what? Let's make a wish pen. >> Oh, wait. What are all these things down here? You can do a a magic wand full of them. >> Oh. >> Oh my goodness. That's or like a little drink. A little drink. What is that? A water bottle. >> Do you remember? It was a few years ago when you used to be able They sold these water bottles. I feel like they sold them at like Urban Outfitters maybe. But you would put a crystal in the water bottle and it like charged your water and it was like I almost bought one. I didn't. >> Yeah, >> but I almost did. I almost got >> when you got lead poisoning. >> It's not lead. It's like a It was like a rose quartz or like it was whatever >> you wanted to feel. You would put that in the water bottle. >> Okay. >> Do you remember that? >> Yeah, I do remember that. >> What a time. I think it was like >> I remember like that doesn't do anything. >> 2016 to 2018. A real weird time in life. Spidey, the Spencer and Heidi were all about the crystals. >> Oh, I think they still are. >> Yeah, I think so. You choose your crystals. Which crystal do I want to do? >> So, we're going to make one of these pens right here. Which pen base are we picking, though? >> So, I think if it if I was going to pick one, I'd do the castle one or the plain >> the white one. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Let's do the plain one. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Has a little Mickey charm that hangs off of it. >> Okay. >> And then we're going to pick the four favorite colors for the family. So, we're going to do >> So, I like orange. >> I don't know which one I should do, though. >> I think you're going to do the top. >> I think this one. Yeah. And then Jackson's favorite color is purple. >> Yeah, mine's blue. >> But he also likes gold. Like this kind of color, too. So, maybe we'll do a little bit of that. >> Yeah. >> Your favorite color is blue. And then, >> so I think I'm going to do sappire. >> What else does >> Oliver has said he likes yellow and blue? >> Oh, so the the yellow and the blue are in there. >> Perfect. >> Good to go. >> All right, let's do it. Ooh, the backlight. >> Ooh. Oh, it's so pretty. >> Oh my goodness. That's such a sparkly purple in there. Let's see when it gets in there. >> Oh, yeah. Look at that. That's nice. Okay, let's see this yellow one going in. Let me mix it up a little bit. >> So, maybe can we do a little bit of the dark blue and a little bit of the light blue? Yeah, >> maybe we'll do that cuz that'll be like your blue and the darkest and the lightest. >> Yeah, I think so. >> Okay. Oh yeah, I love that. That's good colors. Okay, this is like the overflow bin right here of all the people like that have done it before us. >> Well, you've had a lot of pens today. >> Well, you can have any of what we do. >> Oh, any of the things >> any any little extras we have, we put in here and mix and eventually once it's an even mix, we add it to our magical mix or we have some extra. >> Okay, cuz you do you do all of these figurines. You can add these down here or in here. >> See it going in there. Oh, so so like delicate. So precise. >> It really is. >> See, it's starting to fill up in there. >> Oh, wait. When are we supposed to make our wish? >> Oh, I see it. You're good. >> Okay. Oh, yeah. You got to yell it into the pen. >> I have to yell it in. >> Yeah. You have to say, "I wish." >> Oh, it looks so good. >> Yeah, that's great. That's so cool. >> They're going to love that. >> Close your eyes and go really hard what you want to wish for. >> And then whenever you're ready, just bring it back in. >> Okay. All right. Okay. >> A long wish. >> Oh, >> it was a good one. >> Oh, there it is. >> Sorry. Am I covering it? >> Oh, no. It looks great. >> I love that. >> Yeah. Colors go really well together. >> They really do. I wasn't sure at first, but it's so beautiful, actually. >> Do you remember when we were talking about having a favorite pen? >> Oh, yeah. >> Favorite pen right here. >> There it is. And I like that it has the charm, too. So, it gives you a little bit of jingle when you're writing your, you know, writing down your innermost secrets in your in your diary. >> So, we did find out um that this pen has been available for about a year. And the character ones and the castle one have been available for a few months, but I I like this one, >> but you guys should come and pick out your favorite pen and and make a wish. >> These are all pre-filled. >> Oh, that's pretty. >> I like this. This is very like >> Ooh, it's so fancy. >> Yeah. Look, it's so sparkly, too. It >> is really sparkly. Here's the pen. It's in a little box. >> I like it. >> I love this. >> And it is glued so you don't have to worry about like opening it up on accident like losing the things. >> That wish is never coming out, >> right? >> But it's uh hopefully it comes true. It's really pretty. Can't wait to use it. >> All right, we've got one more place that we need to stop off at, and that is the old Art of Shaving building because that is now going to be a Gideon's savory food location. So you guys are familiar with Gideon's Cookies. Sweet. But there's going to be a new savory food location. All right, so we made it down to the Hangar Bar, which is right across from Wine Bar George, which is right near Gideon's. And then just next door to Gideons, the Oakley store is completely gutted right now as they are doing a full refurbishment of the store. Like full refurbishment. It's just wide open in there. But as we continue down a little bit, passing by the Ganachrian and Olukai, we come over to what used to be the art of shaving and is now the new Gideon savory location. You can see they've started to add some of the exterior theming to it. Looking very spooky like the other Gideon's location. Oh man, it's looking pretty cool actually. Like I like this aesthetic. So we don't have a name for this yet. We just know that is starting by the same people that did Gideon's. It looks very spooky. in the window. We've got some birds here. I don't even know if you guys can even see these. What's over on the other side over here? Oh, I can't tell what that is. Oh, there's like a little guy up there. Almost looks like a spikyhaired guy. I'm interested to see or what kind of food they will have. I'm interested to see all of it. So, I just wanted to pop into Sephora really quick because the sale, the Rouge, the 20% off sale starts, I think next week, and there's a few things I needed to see in person before I buy them online. So, I use wherever walnut um every day on my lips, but I think it's a little bit too cool tone. It's this one here. It's this more like kind of pinky one. I was looking at the Anywhere Anywhere Caffeine, which is this one. It's a little more kind of a warm brown almost. I think I'm going to try this one. I don't know what do you guys think? So, the other thing I came in to smell because I can't obviously smell it online. I have been wearing this blur fragrance like for kind of exclusively for a while now was this missing person. I really love it. I can't explain the scent other than it kind of smells like a rich person's laundry detergent if that makes any sense. But they had a new scent, honeymoon, and this is floral and honey mixed together. It smells really good. I might end up with that one. But I also wanted to smell this one because I hear good things about father figure as well. It's like masculine but not so masculine that I couldn't wear it. It's called a warm woods is what it says. >> So, because the Oakley store is being remodeled right now, they have an Oakley truck out. A turtle. Where is it at? I can't see it on my on my camera. Can you guys see it? It's like right there. We made it to the end of the video and we were >> We're here with our our friends. >> Somebody tried to peel it off. >> Oh no, >> it's like ripped >> the green heron. >> Poor Green Heron. >> Oh my goodness. Well, we had a great day at Disney Springs. >> We ate delicious food. We got some shopping done. >> I would like to go back to eat and eat some more. And yeah, we got some Easter shopping done. We did a little lilooing. I did some pre-looking for the Sephora sale that happens next week. >> Yeah, it was a very eventful day. >> It was. So, thank you guys for following along and all in all it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we're off tomorrow and now it's time to pay the price.
