---
video_id: X5JK60EbEI4
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Universal Studios Mardi Gras 2026! The Most Fun You'll Have At A Theme Park! Food, Fun & Floats!"
published: 2026-02-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5JK60EbEI4
---
Good afternoon. Today is the very first day of Marty GR Universal Studios Florida. And we're here today to show you guys what's happening. >> I'm so excited. I want to see all the music, like all of the live entertainment. The parade, of course, is a must do. I want to try so much food. I want to see the costumes. I want to see the merch. I want to see Cascade is performing tonight. We'll see if we can stay for like one or two songs from them. >> Uh I'm excited. >> So, we are here a little bit early. We have a media event a little bit later. So, we're going to go inside the park and just kind of see what's happening before the media event. Let's go. First place we're headed is up the escalator here in Citywalk because we're headed over to Red Coconut Club, which has a special overlay for Marty Gro. So, right now, Red Coconut Club is called the Cursed Coconut Club. Cryptids, Spirits, and Dive Bar. They got a bar outside or you could go inside and experience all of the offerings in there. It's pretty neat cuz it's like a little overlay. We could pop in there really quick. Do you want to? >> Yeah, let's check it All right, let's go inside and see what we have going on here. Oh, look. There's Coconut Club. We're headed into like a little cemetery at first. Legends of the Bayou. Louis's last call bar. Look, there's like a werewolf over there. This is cool cuz it looks like we're in the bayou over here. A little battle between an alligator and a crypted here. >> A red coconut bayou. All the animals you might see. You also might see the mythical jackaloupe. >> Oh, yeah. Look, some fish and some crabs and some oysters. >> Oh, I thought these were real. >> And some bones. You thought? And the skulls and a banjo. I don't know. I like that the DJ's booth is like a little dock out here. It looks like there's going to be some live music happening up over top of the bar. Oh, death don't have no mercy in this day. I absolutely love anything that has live music. So, that was awesome. I really like that. I'm glad we >> were kind of like, "All right, we looked at it. Let's go. Let's go." And then some people were like, "No, there's going to be something happening up there." So, >> we were like, "Stick around." And we're glad we did. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, now we're headed over to head into Universal Studios to experience everything >> to like have a look around in there, get some food, see what kind of entertainment they have in there, too. Before we head in, I wanted to show off the Cursed Coconut sign out here because that also tells us it's open Wednesday through Sunday and it opens at 5:00 pm. All ages welcome. >> Ooh, it says Crypted Spirits and Dive Bar. >> Oh, yeah. >> I love that. >> I like his little sunglasses. One thing I like about the fans of Universal Studios is that they dress up. They like fully get decked out to go to the events. We're headed to Universal Studios and this is the medallion. I always like seeing the artwork for the medallion because it changes every year. And this also tells us that the dates are February 7th until April 4th. So that also means that there is a parade every night. There is not a music act every night. That's just on the weekends. And we'll show you guys the full music list when we get up to music plaza to have it on display in there. This is my first time seeing. They have added these little like extensions to the light posts and added little hanging signs to them. Feels very New Orleans. You can see there is kind of a big crowd here right now, but wait times are still low. 35 minutes for Minion Mayhem, 10 minutes for Villain Con. Let's see. Here is the full concert lineup. Cascades tonight. Portugal The Man, Ivy Queen, Joey Veton, and AJ McClean, RuPaul DJ Set, Shaggy, Tyler Hover, Baby Rexa, Zed, Bare Naked Ladies, and All American Rejects. >> Who do you think the most popular popular one will be? >> So, I think I personally I think >> Bare Naked Ladies. >> I mean, I would come to see Bare Naked Ladies. That I that was one of the first TVs I ever got was Bare Naked Ladies. Yeah, >> I would say probably either All American Rejects just because they're like a staple of Marty GR, but also Portugal the man. Aren't they pretty big? >> Yeah, >> I can tell you. >> I guess we'll see how big Cascade is tonight. >> I can tell you from talking to people around the parks, most people are excited and planning to come to see RuPaul. >> Oh, I didn't even think about Yeah. >> Yuck. Yeah. >> Yeah. You see, they've already started setting up for the parade tonight, putting out the barricades for people to stand behind. They haven't opened up the line for people to start standing and waiting for Cascade yet. Well, you can see this is where they're going to be performing right here in Music Plaza. >> # the panda up there singing and dancing too. All right, our first stop's going to be over here at Nola Bayou. We're going to get the fried green tomato poboy. I've heard that the baked mac and cheese is good as well. Might give that a try, too. And Dewey sausage. Holy Trinity. Oh, yeah. That's good stuff. And we got our discount card. This is like a It's like a gift card, but as annual passholders, we paid $120 for a gift card that's worth $150. And then we still got our annual passholder discount on the food. This is our fried green tomato poboy and then our baked mac and cheese. So, the fried green tomato poboy was $12.49 and the baked mac and cheese was $11.49. And then we did get our annual passholder discount on top of both of those. And that brought our total down by $349. Pretty good deal on top of the discount we got on the gift card. >> But the the gift card never expires though. So if even if we don't use it all today, we can bring it back and use it on any food. >> That's right. any kiosk, even if it's not during an event. So, just like if you wanted to get pizza from the pizza restaurant or the pizza kiosk over there, you could use this gift card in the middle of June. >> All right, let's try this. I've never tried this before. Let's give it a try. I'm just kidding. I just did this, but I didn't have the microphone on. So, this is take two. There it is. It's very creamy. Oh, I didn't know there was a indui sausage. Let me get one of those. >> A little bit of sausage in there. >> Okay. I feel like I'm going to drop this. >> Scallions, some sausage. >> There's some kind of pepper. What's the pepper? >> So, you got holy trinity in it. And then it's got a Cajun cream sauce. >> Oh, okay. >> So, the trinity is is onions, celery, and >> green pepper. >> Peppers. >> I think it's a green pepper, right? >> I don't know. >> We're here with the friend and he's um I'm phoning a friend right now >> and he has no idea. Now, you got to try the pobo. >> So, I'm already going to tell you there's too much bread. >> I know. And I was like, "Oh, no, there's no sauce." But the sauce was underneath. >> The bread is like so bready >> as opposed to other bread. It's just very thick. All right, let's see. >> Oh, is it so chewy? Dang. >> That was a lot of pickle. And I do love a pickle. It is pretty good. But like look at all this bread. >> Oh yeah. >> That bread's not doing anything here. Let me take one more bite. >> I'm going to eat that bread while you're eating yours. >> I wish there was more tomato. But it is very good. The ramlad is tangy. It's delicious. It's like a little bit acidic. The tomatoes are great. Like they're not soggy. I think it's like a cornmeal kind of a dusting on top. It's very crunchy. If this had more tomato, this would be perfect. >> Universal, I've been looking to get a piano, so if you guys are getting rid of this one, just let me know. I'll take it. There are some parade performers out. Hello. >> You guys are just out handing out beads. >> Oh, thank you. Yeah, >> some other people are making you do stuff. >> Yeah, we were just talking about that. We got to make them work for our We got to make people work for it. >> What should Timmy? Not me. >> What? Me? I have the camera. You're handsree. >> Actually, you can never go wrong with a shimmy. >> A shimmy. What are your hand? Yo, you got to do the shimmy. >> I already have this. >> What the heck? All right. All right. >> Ladies free. >> Ladies free. This kind of shimmy like a >> Okay, that's good. >> Oh, two body. >> I get two. >> Oh my gosh. The family channel. >> Look at that. Right on. You guys hear this? That's some ASMR right there. >> That was good. >> That was really good. What moves do you have in the parade? >> Is it a Is it a shimmy? >> Add the shimmy. >> We're going to be like looking for you. >> Add the shimmy. >> I like some hat work here and there. >> Oh, I do like the hat. Good. >> Oh, that's good. >> Oh, yeah. >> Okay, that was crazy. >> That's good. But you guys are moving the whole time. How are you doing this? >> You got to get like a little hop. >> Oh, you got to move forward. Okay. Your feet. >> I'm just going to be behind her like this. >> Yeah. >> Wow. >> Cheer her on. >> This is If anytime your feet could fail you, that would be it. >> You got to be careful. >> Fail. >> They came out. It's party time. >> Holy macaroni. >> Everyone's here. Everybody, everybody has arrived. >> I get a lot of beads. >> Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. That is a lot of beads. Holy macaroni. >> I got one. >> Look at that. >> You got two. >> I got two because I did a shimmy. >> You got a I told you to do your shimmy. >> I missed my chance. >> Well, okay. They're switching out. So, this group is heading back backstage. >> Oh, is that what's happening? Behind the scenes. >> This group is coming in >> right here. >> Behind the scenes. >> Well, you did behind the scenes of the of the >> Yeah, I got two double behind the scenes. Behind the scenes. Behind the scenes. >> They're doing the shimmy. >> They're doing the shimmy. OH, THAT'S IT. I JUST did the idea of influence. Hey, Jen, you know what? I think that they should have a a a slogan for this. >> What? >> Let's make sure that you're not tardy for the Marty. >> Tardy for the Oh, I like it. >> A little Kim Zulak shout out. A little housewives. >> Yeah, >> big fan. >> Fans making their way back out. >> Next up is the Puerto Rico booth. And I think we were so distracted by the amazing performers here in the street that we forgot to film the booth. But huge, huge thank you to Scott and Katie from the Dish Upon a Bar channel for letting us use a couple of their clips of the booth. And here's a look at the Puerto Rico booth and the menu. And uh we're going to try the pinchos, which are a fan fave, and the pastaon fritters, which also looked pretty delicious. There's there's our pinchos, and then our pastelons. So, the pastaons were $949 and the pinchos were $12.99. >> So, these are the fan favorite, the pinchos. >> Oh, no. Is it tough? >> Going to take 13 minutes for her to get it off the stick. >> That's confusing. >> They're very good. >> It's pork. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Hold on. I was trying to take a bite. It was a rookie move. I get the whole chunk. >> I got a little fork here if you need it, too. >> It is It is kind of like uh fibrous, but the the guava barbecue is delicious. >> And the uh flame grilledness. Very good. Wow. >> It's very filling. >> Hey, Stoop Kid. an hour. >> Yeah. >> This is so good. Like, this is fantastic. If you like barbecued meat >> Yeah. >> and you like barbecue sauce, >> meat on a stick. Meat on a stick. >> It's not too sweet. The guava barbecue, I thought it was going to be like sweet, but it tastes really nice with the like flame grilled. >> Yeah. And you do get like a fruity note at the end. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Which is nice. So, all right. That was good. Let me try one of these. >> Yeah. This is what I was excited about because it has the picado beef in it and I love picado beef. Ooh. Okay. All right. I thought there'd be more meat, but it's okay. >> All right, let's get dip in there. >> Like the ketchup and mayo sauce. >> Ketchup mayo. Yeah. Mayo mayo chop or whatever. I love that one. >> That's one of my favorite sauces. >> So, it last a while. >> Another favorite sauce of mine. Uh, buffalo ranch, >> just in case you were wondering. >> This is fantastic. It's like not creamy on the inside, but like >> it's not very firm on the inside. >> Oh, okay. So, it kind of like fills your mouth with the flavor and it gets the flavor everywhere inside your mouth. >> Oo, I love that. That sounds so like sensual. >> And Yeah. And the outside has a nice like crunch to it. >> Okay. >> But not too much cuz it is a very thin crispy layer around the outside. >> This is great. These two things, I know we've only eaten a couple of things, but these two things have been my favorite so far. Also, Finnegan's currently closed for remodel. Sorry, we're closed. For a full service restaurant experience, please visit Lombards. Boo. >> Oh no, the leprechauns out front should have told you. >> Tough of your face there. >> Hello. >> Hello. But the good news is even though Finnegan is closed, they still have an Ireland booth over here. Let's see what they have on the menu. Fish and chips, beard cheese soup, shepherd's pie. Tribute store this year is Tonton's Roadhouse. And we haven't we didn't get a chance to go in there on this trip, but we will be back. But if you guys follow us on Instagram, we do have a little reel from the inside on Instagram. Well, there's Earl the Squirrel's truck, too. He's he's got his the trucks packed up with his suitcases cuz he made it to New Orleans. Brown Derby is an AP&amp;T team member uh discount store. Look at this line for it. Right now, we got another band up here. My name Okay, so we just left the park because we have to check in for our media event now. >> Yeah, we had to leave the park to go inside of the media event to go back into the park. >> So, that's where we're headed right now. You can see behind us there's quite a large crowd gathered for the parade already. >> They have they have their spots, >> right? >> And I want to say a good spot to sit on the corner because that way you'll get the parade coming at you and then turning the corner. >> So, little pro tip there from a filming stand. >> Which corner? Like any corner? >> Any corner. If the parade's coming at you, you want to be like in the corner so you can have them coming at you, see the front of the float and then as it turns past you, you get a full like panoramic view of the parade turning >> cuz the floats are very big. They're huge. >> They're pretty massive. So that's actually Yeah, that's a good uh good tip. >> It's a tracker tip right there. >> Happy. This is exciting. >> Happy Marty Gro. >> Oh, thank you so much. >> Oh my goodness. Wow. Happy Martyra. >> Happy Marty Gro. >> Welcome. Let's get some beads in order. I love it. >> I love it. Thank you. >> Dump the an official party. >> Oh, she's an official partyier. >> I'm a party animal. >> Wa. >> So, in here we have a hero table. So, we can see some of the some of the food items that they have to offer. We got the beignet, the baked mac and cheese. This is the fried oyster poboy, the chicken savaki. Fish and chips. We got the rasta pasta. >> This one has a pickle in it. >> How do you say this? >> So full of faella. The pana. This is the pinchos. Here comes King Gator. >> Oh wow. >> He's so shiny. >> I love that. He looks like a big stuffed animal. >> The caser swarming, the street ceiche, and the fire sand. >> Hi. Meeting King Gator. >> I wanted to see if we could have a little >> Oh, there he is. Oh, you're blocking him a little bit here. Move this. There you go. Yeah, I do. >> The kingest of gators. >> He's the prince. >> The prince. Prince Gator. >> Thank you. >> Oh, >> there he is. Thank you. Jen has Jen has sat down to get her face painted, >> but it was this. >> And I'm going to run off and see some other stuff, >> and then I will be back to see what the outcome of it is. >> Wow. >> It's got paprika in What's that? >> I just I just fed her a mocktail. >> It's kind of sour. What is it? >> I don't know. He just said it's got juice and paprika. >> Okay. Interesting. >> What do you have on your face? >> I got my face painted. >> Wow. It's so glittery. >> You're such a shiny lady. >> I appreciate that. That's what I was going for. I said, "Just make me shiny. Do I look like a robot?" >> Yeah, you do, actually. What do you have here? >> I got the salmon and I got the the walking ceviche. So, this is the mala beef. It's like the Sichuan beef skewer. >> Smells really good. I mean, the flavor is very good. >> Okay. >> Kind of a little bit sweet. There's like a hint of smokiness, >> but it's way less smoky than I thought. >> It has the Sichuan pepper in it. >> It's good. >> Yeah. >> Not spicy, >> but isn't it like so tender? >> It's very tender. Oh, there's the spiciness. It kicks in at the end. >> Yeah. It's the numbing spice, the Sichuan spice. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's good. I like it. >> I also tried the salmon. That was um I didn't think that was going to be spicy. That was spicy. And I tried the the like shrimp walking taco, the shrimp ceviche kind of walking tacos taco style dish and that was really good. They're little baby shrimps. All right, they gave us a a little bag of beignetes on our way out. We're in our spot for the parade. This actually feels great. Like it feels like a real like a good beignet. Like it's that hollow middle. Very warm. >> Yeah. >> Wow. Not greasy at all. That is so good. How much powdered sugar do I have on my face? >> None. There's one a little bit in the corner of your mouth. >> Okay. >> So, this is our spot for the parade. And I will say this is a pretty good spot because the parade comes out. This area right here is called the esoteric gate. And the parade comes out and then it turns and it goes around and then it comes back here. So, you get two chances for beads. Two times the beads. You can see the parade back behind the gates there getting ready to come out. Leonto. Oh no. >> Hit me in the head. >> Oh my god. I'm getting beamed with beans. >> Oh, thank you. Now, >> normally there wouldn't be people throwing beans on this boat. There's >> just not any today. I wonder how the glory. The crawfish everybody in your car. >> Tim Tracker is a baby. She's a little king. >> Wow. >> Scary baby is the mascot of Marty Girls. >> This is my favorite clothes. This is wild. It's like fried shrimp all over it. They're like the wine wine girls. >> Oh my god. Oh my god. Hit me in the face. Oh, >> she's got a raccoon on her head >> and a pulsome. >> Oh, it's a gator driving an airboat, but a gator with human legs. Like a little froggy in the front. >> It's like a superhero, >> right? >> Oh my god. Please don't. Please don't. >> I don't want to. Little raccoon in the window. >> Alligator. Oh, >> wow. >> Look at this walk. It's >> the 30th celebration, 30th year of Marty Gro. >> Look at the action in this statue. >> Happy 44. Oh my god. >> Oh god. Oh, they're coming for a pair, too. Oh my lord. >> Oh, this is interesting. This is a an accessible float. So there is a ramp on the end of the float here so that if you're in a wheelchair and would like to ride on the float, you could. That's amazing. Parade. Amazing. I loved it. I love the energy of the performers. It was so like if you weren't in a good party mood before you watched the parade, >> the first performer out on the stilts. >> Oh no. >> Bam. >> So I I like itched my face cuz I had like glitter on my Did I mess it up? >> No, it's perfect. >> Good. Um, but the first performer out of the gates really set the mood and set the tone for the entire parade. >> Also, um, I was dubbed a party animal by one of the gators in the par in the parade. >> So, I have to be I have to be in a party mood, >> right? >> I was kned. >> You were kned? Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I'm sir party animal. >> Sir party animal. But something I wanted to point out is a lot of the floats didn't have people on them. I don't know. I think it's just cuz that was the first night and people probably wanted to watch the parade rather than be on it for the first night. >> You're probably right. >> But you can sign up to be on the floats and throw beads out. So, because people weren't on the floats, all a lot of the performers and the uh people guiding the parade had beads to give out to people. >> Yeah. >> So, I don't think that would be a normal thing. I don't think the performers have beads all the time. >> I guess we'll see though. >> We'll have to come back and find out. >> But also, like I don't know if you know, but the Martyra parade is a contact sport. I got hit in the face a lot of times with beads. >> Another pro tip for you. If you have a big camera in front of you, the camera kind of acts as a shield. >> So, you sacrifice your expensive vlogging camera for the beads. >> Okay, I'll do that next time. >> Yeah. >> So, this spot is cool to sit at because the parade goes by twice, but they're really out of beads by the end of the parade. >> We still got kind of a lot. She holds up two. We got a lot. >> I did pretty good. Okay. Prince Gator came out to do a meet and greet after the parade. Everybody's over at the concert, so nobody realizes that Prince Gator is out here for Marty Girl. Quick, let me do a little. >> So, out in front of Horror and Makeup Show, there is a window here for Kern Studios, who are the people that made all of the Martyra floats, and they're the ones that make all the Marty Gro floats in New Orleans. All right, we're making our way over to Music Plaza. We're going to check out a couple of songs from Cascade. Somebody's up there. >> Ooh, I'm Cascade's number one fan. So, I'm very excited for this. >> Oh, >> just kidding. >> See, I'm not his number one fan because I I'm at the end of the Cascade. >> You're what? >> I'm at the end of the cascade. >> Like his fans cascade. I'm at the bottom. >> Oh, lights. Uhoh. >> To the show. You have the coolest parents alive. >> Oh no, that's not us. We didn't bring our kids to see Cascade. >> People are like getting into it over here. >> All right, we got to see a couple of songs from Cascade, which was a lot of fun. I highly recommend sticking around for the concerts when you're here at Mardigra. And now before we head out, we're going to check out some of the Marty GR merch. >> Kind of wanted to go over some of the merchandise with you guys. This is a little shoulder pal. The shirts, the cups, the mugs, a little hat, little tiny hat, a flannel. Party like a baron. Party like a baron. It's a little plushy beignet. How fun. He's so happy. >> We met one of you guys that had this on your necklace and I was like, "Oh, what is that? That's so cute." It's a beetle >> party all night. 2026. >> Well, that's the back. Okay. Like a little button-down shirt. I think I like this sweatshirt. It's like puff paint. That's fun. It's like a neon sign. I do like this one. That's cool. Party. Don't stop till the gator drops. What are we doing to this gator? Why is the gator falling? Oh, King Gator one. That's fun. Oh, it's King one and a queen. It's like that that Han Solo Princess Leia shirt. It's like I love you. I know. Fan and then Marty Gro long sleeve shirt. Nothing on the back, but something on the sleeves. >> Oh, I think it's a Is it a shirt? It's like a very thin sweatshirt. >> Okay. >> I like the color. >> Coins, beads, and masks >> and feathers. >> Oh, yeah. Cuz the bow is in the such. >> Yeah. >> And the head pieces. King K cotton candy. I like that you got King Gator or Prince Gator. Got a little Boo on there. And then you also have Earl the Squirrel. >> Did King Gator like retire or something? Like what? Why is everything Prince Gator? >> Well, King Gator is the float, >> right? >> And Prince Gator is the walkound character. >> Okay, >> so I think that's the more cartoony looking guy here. >> Oh, he's the Okay, I gotcha. Okay, >> it's a Universal creation. >> Gotcha. >> All right, there you have it. That was the first night of Marty Gro. It was a fantastic time. >> I had so much fun. I love all of the music, the live entertainers. I love the people like the parade performers when they're out before the parade. I think that's like one of my favorite things is to interact with them. I love seeing Cascade at the end. That was like I don't like know any of Cascade songs really, but it was very fun. Like the energy was it was hopping, you know? It was like >> Oh, and everybody was hopping. >> It was It was very like cool. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. I like that. >> And the food was good. All the food that we tried was really good. >> The food was great. It was cool to meet Prince Gator. We got to see the parade. The parade was so much fun. It was just like all around such a good time. >> Yeah, that's the way it is. Marty Gro is a party. >> You're going to have fun. >> Yeah. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. Wanted to say thank you to Universal for having us out for this media event. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
