---
video_id: fs0Ip7FduTY
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Trying NEW Snacks & Treats At Disney Springs! February 2026! Gideon's, Bubble Waffles & More!"
published: 2026-02-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fs0Ip7FduTY
---
Good morning from Disney Springs. We're here today because we haven't been to Disney Springs in a while. They've got some new food items. They've got some stuff for Celebrate Soulfully, Black History Month, and they also have some stuff for Valentine's Day. So, we're going to go around and explore some at Disney Springs. It is only 10:20 in the morning. So, we're not quite ready to like delve into sweet Valentine's Day treats just yet. Uh it's also 48 degrees right now, but it is going to warm up throughout the day. >> Yeah. And I'm very excited for that because I think that our little stint of cold is done after today, >> which is kind of wild because it's going to be in like the 70s and 80s very soon. That was that was a pretty quick cold snap, >> right? >> Oh, another thing about Disney Springs is that some things have closed and some things are closing. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, we've got some updates on that front, too. >> And some stuff is being remodeled. >> Mhm. >> So, we're going to go around and do some like wandering to start with, then we'll eat some food. >> Yeah. >> So, let's go do it. Oo, look at characters in flight leaning. >> Is there anybody on it? >> Uh, I don't know. Because it's cold. This is a helium balloon. Like, it's not a hot air balloon. So, it looks like, see how it almost looks like a teardrop? >> Yeah, it's like deflated on the bottom. >> Yeah. >> Ooh. Weird. >> All right. Probably because if it gets warmer, it'll fully inflate. They can't put more helium in there. >> Oh, >> look at it leaning, though. Oh my goodness. Cranberry hibiscus. Ooh. Edible glitter. Candy. What does candied hibiscus taste like? Um, they have it at uh Nomad Lounge >> in one of the I think in the Jen's tattoo drink, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. But uh we haven't been there in a long time, >> right? >> You can personalize your cans here. >> So, it's $9.95 each. Is that like include the can or do you have to buy a can of Coke for like a dollar or whatever. >> You probably have to buy the Coke. >> Yeah, >> I would imagine you're not going to just like get free Coke. >> Well, it's not free. You're paying $10 for a can of Coke >> for the personalization. >> A $10 can of Coca-Cola. >> Okay. Blasting some Blues Traveler in here. Heck yeah. Oo, true wireless premium Coca-Cola earbuds. >> Oh, I like this. This is fun. >> Oh, yeah. It's like a Coca-Cola mug. That looks like a Coca-Cola can. Look at this. Are you a fan of Coca-Cola items? You can have a beanie. Look at these like hippie bottles. These have Coca-Cola in them and they're glass. That's fun. But it's not like printed on the bottle. It's just like a wrap around the outside. And it's just a wrap over top of a regular bottle of Coca-Cola. You can almost see that. You see where it says nutritional facts above the sea there? So they just took like another bottle of Coke and put a shrink wrap on it for this perfect harmony line. Oh man, a Turvis. A Coca-Cola Turvvis. Oh no, I didn't know that Turvis made like this type of a bottle. Where do I find this? >> I investigated. It's just a flat $10 fee. Oh, just a flat fee >> for the can and the personalization. But he did say the uh machine is broken. >> Oh, no. >> I can't even do it. >> But does it come with the Coke inside of the can? >> Yes. >> Okay, just check it. We're going to stop by Corksicle today because they just came out with a new marine line. >> I forgot about that. Ooh, that's exciting. Okay. >> And so, but also I was showing them this Turvis. I didn't realize that Turvis made like actual water bottles like this. Oh, it's cute. >> I didn't realize people really love Diet Coke this much. Yeah, people are like >> I love regular Coca-Cola. >> They love Diet Coke. >> I don't I love regular. I would wear this if it was a regular bottle of Coca-Cola. >> You wouldn't wear an outrageous cherry Coke one back here, though. >> I I'm a fan of cherry Coke, but I like regular Coca-Cola in a glass bottle the best. >> Where's my Crystal Pepsi merch? >> Give me some of that. >> They do have like some cool stuff. >> Speaking of Corksicle, though, you got these. Look at this. It's like glittery. Another Diet Coke thing. Oh, there it is. Some frost damage. >> Oh no, they had a visit from Jack Frost. >> Oh, Disney horiculture is saying it. >> Wow, I didn't know Jack Frost was a Disney character. >> Also, shout out to uh Planet Hollywood for playing The Greatest Showman soundtrack. Yeah, >> this is the greatest show. I got to watch it. Got to see it. It's good. >> I got to admit, I did kind of underdress right now. I'm so cold right now, but I know that it will get warmer. Sorry, I'm walking backwards because the lights over there, but walking by Columbia makes me think about the warmth of of my jackets. >> Are things not open yet? When does everything open? 11:00. >> I thought it opened at 10:00. It's 10:30. They should have hours on the outside of their building. >> Unless their doors are just closed cuz it's cold out. >> Oh, maybe. Yeah, there's people inside of uh Sugar Boos. >> Oh, okay. >> So, I'm sure that there's something going on. >> A DIY miniature house. >> Well, that's fun. >> That's so cute. You think Jackson would like that? >> Maybe a fairy tale treehouse. I like this hello tiny world thing. Oh, to creating terrariums. >> Oh, yeah. We should create a terrarium. >> That's fun. >> Oh, like this. It's like a little bird house that the birds can eat. >> Oh, that's cool. Okay. >> I like this butterfly picture, too. That's your vibe, right? You like snakes and and skeletons and bugs and stuff. This >> Oh, see what did I tell you? Right when we walked in, just says, "I like this." >> This is my vibe. >> Yeah. Bug plates. >> Oh, this is cute. >> Oh, yeah. >> You know what I think we should do? What? >> We should b start buying toys that are like from the 19 18 1900s. >> Is that a toy? >> Yeah, it's a little a little It says a mushroom. I thought it was a thought it was a top. Oh, just kidding. >> Leroy Brown, baddest in the whole town. I don't know why it's about fishing. >> Is this What company is this? Yeah, this is that company I showed you. >> I like it. Oh, yeah. El Capitan. I need this. These hats are fun. >> It's that Cindereo company. >> Yeah. >> I almost bought you one for Father's Day. >> Yeah, it was something about a cowboy. It knows about fishing. >> Oh, that's my thing. >> Cuz we went fishing. >> Oh, we went fishing. Oh, driftwood guitars. >> That's the perfect for like the person that likes being at the beach and also as a musician. >> We have uh our own saltwater taffy. >> Saltwater taffy. >> I've never really been a huge fan of saltwater taffy, but what is this coffee? That's mint invaders from Chocolate Space. >> Ooh, that looks delicious. >> I think I like the name of it. I like it. Truffle fries and martinis. I may be old, but I got to see all the cool bands. That's not true. I didn't get to see any of them. >> What is this? >> That is a location of something. I think Disney. I can look it up. Yeah, that's the location of Main Street USA. I kind of want to get this for when we go camping. It's like a happy camper hat. See, this is cool. This is cool. If you're like putting together like a bookshelf, like the Little Women here, the Jungle Book, Peter Pan, Matilda. Did you know that Barefoot Dreams makes stuffed animals? >> I have no idea what Barefoot Dreams is. >> My robe, my like super soft robe. >> I didn't. Somebody bought it for me for my birthday. It was like a a nice gift, but they make stuffed animals. >> Wow. >> I feel like um >> It's a hedgehog. >> It's kind of like a good move to be the only store that's open. >> All the stores are open. >> Are they? >> Yeah. >> I didn't see anybody in the other store. >> There's like a-frames outside of the stores and stuff. >> I love this. It's so soft. >> Really distracted by this puppet that's behind you. >> What is this? Is this the real book? Yeah. >> So, Timmy Takeout always references Little Women in every single vlog. He's my favorite like one of my favorite vloggers. >> Get it for him. We don't know him. We just like mail it somewhere. >> Um, he loves he loves Beth. Beth died of the fever. That's the only thing I know about it. >> That's it. >> Yeah. >> It's a very big book. >> Right. Have you read this, Timothy? >> I'm I doubt he's read it. >> We're going to Let's Well, message him. But what is this? What is this thing? Is it a puppet? Oh, here. Here's what you were looking for. >> A mushroom rattle. >> A toy. It's a real toy. Yeah. >> Yeah, but I want it to be made of wood. >> Oh, well, sorry. >> Is this Van Go? Why is there a Van Go knit doll? >> Is it? I think it is. Where's He's missing his ear. >> Like, >> there's so many of them. I think they like overthought that. >> Look at this. >> Oh my gosh. Baby love. >> I thought it was I thought it was a robe. >> Oh, a little baby robe. >> A little baby robe. I think it's this. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, >> that's like Oliver has a little bunny. That's a flat bunny. >> I got to see this thing if it's a puppet. My like hands don't quite >> Hello. >> I kind of love this. >> Hello, Jen. Would you enjoy >> his little horns? >> Yeah, he's a little I'm a little monster. So, over here at Fitz Run, you can see they've cut off half the store. They're remodeling that side. And I would imagine they would probably then like turn off this side of the store and then rem and like have that be the side that's open. >> H. >> So, >> they also turn this fountain off. You can't have There was icicles everywhere. >> Oh, the Hathaway tote. >> The Hathaway tote. And >> from uh Vera Bradley. >> Okay. >> They have clothes. >> Yeah. Right. >> There's like a shirt in there. >> They just started doing that. Like Vera Bradley like completely revamped their whole thing. >> Oh. >> Like a year or two ago. And they've got like luggage and stuff now. >> I love my I have this quilted tote that we um I'll put a picture. It looks like this. But it's uh my favorite piece of luggage. It's so cool. like a patchwork duffel. >> Yeah. It's It reminds me of like the ' 70s. I wasn't alive then, but I You can imagine. Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. I can't imagine. Oh, so right now they've got Stitch. That's what they're >> right now. They have Stitch is their pattern. >> The latest pattern. Yeah. >> I like it. It's cool. Little Stitch luggage tags. >> These are cute, actually. >> Hm. We watched uh what did we watch? The the >> Leroy and Stitch. >> Leroy and Stitch. Did you even know that was a thing? I didn't know. >> Well, this is like what I'm talking about. Like it's not necessarily the pattern design, but it's still sort of like quilted. >> I like that. >> Yeah. >> Ooh, >> it's cool. And then they have luggage. Like you can see the luggage over here. These sort of things. Ski lodge stuff. >> That's fun. But then they also have 30% off this Disney pattern back here. Feels like Flower and Garden, doesn't it? Like topiaries and the such. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, >> 101 Dalmatian stuff. That's fun. This is like their dog and cat section. So, we got some Marie. Oh, the three of them. Too Burlios and Marie. Yeah. Vera Bradley glasses. >> Did you know they sell glasses? >> Yeah, these are these are nothing glasses though. >> They don't look like anything. >> No, they're zero plus or minus zero. >> Oh, they're just like for fun. >> Like blue light filtering. >> Oh, >> do I look smarter? >> So, wait. What's your sign? This is the uh Liy. >> Do you know my sign? >> No. What's my sign? actually just looked this up recently. You're I know you're Pisces. I'm a Sagittarius, but I I saw that we're not we're just like Okay. Like our signs are just like sort like they're compatible enough. >> Okay. >> Isn't that funny? >> That's That's terrible news. >> But did you go all the way into our moon rising and stuff like that? >> I don't know how to do that >> cuz it changes. It depends on what time of day you were born. >> If anybody knows how to do that, tell me cuz I would love to do that. >> Yeah. >> Um Yeah. Is that Yeah. >> I don't I have to look up what time I was born at. I don't know where my birth certificate is. >> It's in the box. >> Is it? Mine is. >> Yeah. >> Are you sure? >> It's with mine. Yeah. Okay. Well, >> it's with everybody's >> in the fire box. >> I'm looking I'm looking it up. >> Yeah. >> Look at this. This is fun. Like a leather goofy. I like these little like notebooks. I also like this like a sleeping sleeping Pluto. >> It's pretty fun. >> Yeah. And they have everybody. There's Daisy. >> Are you a Daisy girly? That leather Daisy looks wild. We kind of do. >> Like I understand it's probably super difficult to make a leather daisy, but >> Right. Yeah. >> The leather Pluto is pretty fun though. >> Look at that. >> I do like this print. Like that's fun. >> Are you Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake in the late '9s? Here's the purse for you. >> Or for the new the new kids. It's uh Katie on the block. >> What's her name? Katie Perry and Rip. They like redid it. >> Oh, okay. The coach slides that have Mickey and stuff on them and the shoes, the tenny shoes. I do like these that are a little bit more like exciting with more stuff on them. I also like that they have like Coach branded Hot Wheels pretty much. It's like a New York taxi cab or like a little Oh, this is How do you put This is fully ceramic. How do you put that on your bag without it breaking? Oh, a screwdriver. I think they let you into the park. It's like plasticky screwdriver. Huh. That's fun. Look at this thing. You fits so many coins in this. >> Is this a real bag? >> Yeah. >> What do you do with it? >> You put your stuff in it. >> What's in there? Yeah, that's real. >> Is it like for travel? >> Oh, and you could customize the custom. This is looks like a Monopoly stuff. This is Coachtopia. This is fun. Let us take a trip. I want to see the world. >> Ooh. Oh, no. I died at Coachtopia. Oh, I died in respond in Coachtopia. >> Okay. What is Coachtopia? I think these are like recycled bags. >> Oh, okay. All right. Here's some other big news is that Francesca's will be closing soon. We don't know when, but you can see 25% off. They've already started on some of their discounts here. So, Francesca's is one of those stores that one time I tried to film in there and they're like, "No filming." Because originally, like the very first Francesca's were like boutique things where they didn't want anybody else seeing like the styles that they had, like another boutique. But then if you buy them and you wear them, people will Don't you want people talking about your stuff? >> Yes. >> So that people will want to go in there and buy your stuff. >> Yes. >> Interesting, I guess. Okay. Well, so okay. Uh, also just wanted to mention, so we're passing by Everything But Water, and that is where my bathing suit is from. I get a lot of questions. >> White stripey one. >> Yeah. I got a lot of questions about that bathing suit in particular. It's from Everything But Water. >> And as we're headed in this direction, you can see Sprinkles permanently closed. >> Oh, yeah. Shut it down. >> Wait, where's the um ATM? >> Well, they took it out. That's that window right there. >> Oh, dang. >> Now it's just a black window. >> I got to say, I I think we came here maybe one time. >> Yeah. >> And it I don't It just They were They weren't my favorite cupcakes. >> There wasn't anything that made them extraordinary. >> I think the only thing was the ATM. >> Yeah, >> that was kind of like the like Ooh. >> But even then, it wasn't automated. You just like put your name in there and then like somebody filled the ATM back there and they're like, "Here's your cupcake." >> Is that not how ATMs work? There's not like a little man in the back. >> Not a little man. >> Counting out your money. Like one, two. >> I mean, I don't know what ATMs you're going to. Coming up on the line for Gideonss. Gideons is now officially 5 years old here at the Disney Springs location. It opened January 16th, 2021. All right, so we got the menu for February for Gideon's. They got the strawberry delight is the special cookie for this month. And they also have the slices of cake. They should have the eternal flame cake and the eternal flame cookie. >> Which are specific for February. The eternal flame cake and cookie are spicy ones. >> Sure. >> Oh, in a in your vintage Valentine's box. Okay. >> Chocolate covered strawberry cream. So, there was a Muppets pin release recently. >> Yes. >> And we just talked to somebody that talked to the people over there by pin traders. >> Her husband's in line. So, she said that the people that were like the first 1 to 10 people, she said, got there at 1:00 a.m. >> And she said the first one to 100 people got there at 4:00 a.m. That's wild. >> It was so cold last night. >> Could you imagine being here? >> No, I don't want to. >> Our friend who had us get the Muppets magnets for him was like, "You want to go get the pins?" >> Yeah. I just texted him and I was like, he goes, "Nope." >> But also, there was a Kingdom Hearts release, too. So, >> probably more excitement for the Kingdom Hearts release. >> But it's also Muppets and Haunted Mansion. Yeah, it's Muppets Attractions. >> I want to see it. >> It's Uncle Deadly. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. In a dune buggy. We uh are about to go in and it's 11:30. I think we got in line around like 11:09, 11:10. >> So, just about a 30-minute wait. That's not bad. >> No. Yeah, it wasn't too bad. >> Happy Valentine's Day to morsels. They used to have the price of the cookies over here. Now, it's not there anymore. >> I have to say, when you come in and the smell, it's so chocolatey. Yeah, >> it's like wild how chocolatey it smells in here. >> Smells good. >> Oh my. Amazing. >> Yeah, but I do like that they never changed officially changed this sign. Just still has the nine plastered over where it used to say 10. >> Well, I wonder why they took it down one. >> I don't know. They didn't change that. It's almost 3 lb of cookie. >> Oh, which is funny. Maybe the weight >> cuz it is almost 3 lb. >> Yeah. >> Maybe the weight of per cookie went up. Oh, maybe. What are your thoughts on ambiance dust? Do you think they should clean it or do you think they should leave it? >> No. It's like the Tower of Terror. >> Yeah, it fits. >> Yeah, >> but it's also just dusty. >> H >> Oh, cuz it's like a food place. >> Yeah. >> Oh, this is the This is the monthly cookie. The strawberry delight. It's like chocolate and strawberry and they use strawberry puree in the dough. I do love a good chocolate chip cookie. Banana bread. Ooh, but this one right here, pistachio toffee chocolate chip. The best around. They also have these cakes here that are kind of a a lot. Like these cakes are wild. So they also have Valentina's cake, which is red velvet with marshmallow, cookies and cream, and buttercream. And then they have this one over here, the eternal flame cake. It's like a spicy chocolate cake. But this peanut butter cupcake. Oh man, that's a good looking cake right there. I found out why the price isn't listed. >> Why? >> $7 per cookie now. >> Oh, is it? >> Yeah. >> What was it before? Wasn't it five? It was five at the other location, six here. >> Now it's $7. >> It's kind of a lot. >> Yeah, unless that's Yeah. So, this is how much we paid for this cookie was $7. >> Cookie flation, baby. >> Oh, yeah. That's true. Here's the Here's the cookie. Let's break it in half. You ready? >> Yeah. Ooh. >> Pretty thick, boy. Right. >> It It looks pretty good, actually. What does it smell like? >> Smells like strawberries. >> Like a chocolate covered strawberry. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Actually, yeah. Chocolate covered strawberry. Mostly tastes like chocolate cuz there's so many chocolate chips. >> There's a lot of chocolate on it. Yeah. So, it's got like a little pink hue. I don't know if you can see that. >> Oh, yeah. Pink hue. >> Oh, it does smell like that. Sounds like a Pokémon. >> Hugh. Pink is my He's from Clue. >> Is he? >> No. Like Colonel Mustard. >> Did you know that um in the UK they call Clue something else? >> Clud? >> Clud? That's another >> What do they call it? Hold on. >> Just leave us a comment if you're from England. I'm going to look it up after I eat this cookie and I'll I'll tell you I'll tell you if you're right. >> Okay. >> Um but there's some like little strawberry kind of sugar on top. >> It's It's straw it's strawberry infused sugar. >> Oh. M. It's softer. The cookie feels less cooked. The other cookies don't they're they're more cooked through though. >> I don't like love this cuz I'm not a huge chocolate strawberry person. But it's not bad. I definitely could not eat this whole thing though. This is like wild. It's so rich. >> Rich. >> Dense. >> Yeah. I think that the part that I like the least is the the strawberry sugar. >> I think it needs a little salt. >> Yeah. >> Right. >> Yeah. That's cuz the usually it has rock salt on it. >> No. >> Or flake salt. One of the two. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. >> Well, put a little salt on this, Mr. Gideon. >> I think I'm going to probably give the rest of this to my sister when we get home. Okay. >> Cuz I'm not Unless you want to eat it. >> No. No. I've I've already taken two bites and I feel like we're going to eat lunch now here in just a second. >> Well, and I always so I follow all these Instagram accounts that are like, "Here's your bite." >> M. >> What' you think? >> Now your bite. >> Okay, >> have a bite. >> This was weird. All right, next stop, the ganacherie. >> Head in here for some Valentine's Day. >> I was looking for some big spoons. >> Oh, yeah. Giant spoon door handles. >> Oh, here we go. Look at this. One thing that I really like about the ganache is they sell these piñatas. They are a bit expensive, $35, but it's a fun thing. It comes filled with what does this come with? Raspberry marshmallow. Chocolate covered raspberry marshmallow treats. >> Chocolate is good medicine. >> That's true. >> It's a corpse. Ooh, this feels like >> hefty. It is made of wood. >> Not real wood. >> Made of metally wood. >> Also, you can get s'mores here. They make like s'mores. $9. Chocolate strawberry box bar box. This is a nice little set for $18. A good deal to get bars of chocolate from the ganacherie. You get strawberry matcha, strawberry shortcake, dark strawberry, and strawberry lemonade. Strawberry lemonade. Chocolate. Sounds really interesting. >> That sounds very strange. >> Right. >> One thing that I always liked about the ganacherie is they use chocolate that is not strawberry flavored chocolate. It is strawberry infused chocolate. >> Oh. >> So like the red chocolate there is they like mix actual strawberries in with the chocolate. >> Interesting. >> Yeah. Delicious. Also, if you're a medieval type person and you enjoy mead, >> they do sell it here at the Savannah. >> Looking for some mead, my lady. >> Oh, yeah. Well, look at you. This is a If you're a medieval knight, mead is a fermented honey beverage. >> I didn't know that. >> I like that it's called a beverage. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I thought it would be like honey wine. It >> It is wine. I didn't know that it was honey wine. >> Yeah. >> H >> I don't like it. I don't drink that stuff anymore, but like when I had it, I didn't like it. >> Yeah, I remember it being a little sweet. But I do want to go try a bubble waffle. A savory bubble waffle. >> Let's go. We're going to stop by Corks School real quick first and then we'll go get a bubble waffle. >> Keep forgetting about corks school. Yes, they're important. We got to go. >> It is chilly. We are, like I said, in a warming trend. But Vivole Il Gelato does have hot chocolate. >> Oh, that's not what >> What were you looking for? What' you pull out? >> You seem so scared when you pull it out of your pocket. >> I was looking for a napkin and I pulled out a pad. >> Oh, yeah. >> You could use a different napkin. >> They're super absorbent. >> It's true. This is what I was looking for. >> Tissues. >> You can see how I get confused. >> Yeah. Well, they feel the same, right? >> Kind of. >> But it is cold enough that your nose is running. >> Yes. My nose is like I I wish there was a thing you could wear on your face like a clown nose, but like a warmer like >> fashionable. >> Yeah. Cuz my nose everything else is fine. It's just my nose. >> You can wear like a a a neck gator. >> No, just my nose. >> Oh, okay. You don't want to cover your whole mouth and everything. >> No. Yeah, cuz you got to eat. >> I need a clown nose with a warming inside. >> Electric clown nose. >> Invented is my favorite like hippie band. >> I think clowns are in, you know. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. This is Florida snow. >> I I looked over and I thought it was legitimately snow. I was like, "Wow." >> Why? Why? Wait, hold on. >> What? So, the other spot that we saw, the bushes were dead because they froze. Why did they cover these bushes? Why are these the only ones that have >> Maybe these are like property of paddlefish. >> Oh, paddlefish is like we got to protect our our our plants out front. >> I'm not sure. That's a good question. >> Pretty strange, right? >> It's a question for somebody with more knowledge than me. >> Mr. Horiculture. >> We're We're here at Corksicle. >> We're here at Corksicle. Let's see if we can find their Marie Marie cup. >> Oh, it's so it's Aristocrats, but is it like focusing on Marie? Let's find out. >> I don't know. Let's find out. Oh, that's perfect. Look at it. It's so beautiful with the leak proof lid. >> Is this smaller than the one that I use? >> It is. Yeah, cuz this is >> This is the mine. This is the size of mine. >> Oh, yeah. >> It's so cute. I love this one, though. This I almost want to buy another one because if they ever stop making it, I'll be sad. I love this so much. >> So, this one's 22 oz and $40. How much is that one? This one was $50. >> And how many ounces? 48. >> 40. >> 40. >> I use this thing all day every day. >> But I love this. Look at the bow. >> Oh yeah. Catch me drinking out of a Marie Corksicle. Next time you see me, you guys know I have a history with hot dogs. Passing by BB Wolf's sausage company. >> Ooh. >> Bacon mac and cheese dog. The thing that really makes it for me is the Fritos. That looks good. >> It does look good, actually. But we're not here for this. We're here for the bubble waffles >> which are over the yonder over by the co-op. Also, we've been seeing a few of these around which are like snack carts, but I just don't remember them being here before. >> So, this one sells popcorn and drinks. >> That's my story. There you go. Breaking news. I think these are new. Maybe like ran out of this stuff. >> They're like, we've got a little bit of it. Let's just use as much as we can. >> Well, I think we know who Disney's favorite plants are, >> right? >> Whatever's under there. Yeah, >> I can see a flower. I can see like a pink guy right there. >> Which is funny cuz I think these are like what do you call it? Annuals, >> maybe. >> So, like they're going to throw these plants out at the end of the week. >> You think? >> Like at the end of the season. Yeah. >> Oh, >> right. Don't they do that? >> I don't I don't really know. >> Is that how annuals work? >> I don't know. >> Perennials. I don't know what the word is. >> What are plants? >> What are plants? >> Oh, I forgot to look up clue. >> Oh, yeah. Clud. All right. Here we go. We're at Marketplace Snacks Bubble Waffles. So, savory and sweet. So, we've got two sweet waffles and three savory waffles. Cones. Do you know which one you're getting? >> Uh, are we getting Are we going to get two? >> Or are we going to just split one? >> Yep. >> So, they've got hot honey, chicken waffle, barbecue brisket waffle, cheeseburger waffle. >> I would do the chicken and the cheeseburger. >> Can't do hot honey. And like my my indigestion >> doesn't Okay, we're going cheeseburger. We're going to do hot honey. >> You want the cheeseburger? >> Yeah. And they have a Mickey cookie waffle sundae and a mini sweet strawberry waffle sundae. >> So this is the cheeseburger waffle. It's $12.99. Special blend ground beef, crispy bacon, cheddar, dill pickle, iceberg lettuce, diced tomatoes, and burger sauce. >> Better known as Thousand Island. >> I think it's a little different. >> I tasted it already. It's >> Oh, by the way, Clue in the UK is called Cludo. >> Cludo. >> Why? >> Cuz it's a cross between Pluto and Cludo. >> I don't think that's why. >> No. And then I got the hot honey chicken waffle. That's hot honey chicken, black pepper, candi bacon, spicy pickle sllo, roasted jalapenos, garlic ranch, and chopped parsley for $12.29. >> Saving a little bit of money with that hot honey chicken. >> Is chickener than beef? >> Yes. >> Oh, >> very much so currently. >> Okay. >> Well, there you go. There's a little a little tracker tip for you. Get the chicken. All right. Should we eat these? >> Yeah. I want to give you Let's see how your what your reaction is first. >> So, okay. Here's my first qualm with this is that the sauce is only on the top. So, I want to try to like >> Oh, no. They put the sauce on the bottom. >> Oh, yeah. They doubled you up. >> They layered on the sauce. Okay. Love it. >> That's why it took it took like a few minutes to get these. >> They were really like thinking about the quality of our of our eating. >> What was all that green stuff you just put in your mouth? >> Roasted jalapeno. >> Oh, okay. Was it spicy? >> No. Yeah, it's not. >> Oh, >> the chicken feels old. >> Oh, good. It's like it's an old soul. No, like just it's like it's been around a minute. I guess maybe it is an old soul. Is that like the nice way to put it? >> Yeah. >> Um >> this chicken's seen a few things. >> The flavor is nice. Yeah. So, >> get some of the waffle, too. Tell me if it's sweet. >> Oh, yeah. That was my biggest question is is it a sweet waffle? Let me get one Mickey head. >> Yeah, they're like the Mickey bubbles. >> It is. >> Oh, sweet waffle. >> Yeah. >> With a savory. >> Not like overly sweet, but it is sweet. >> Okay. Oo, spicy bacon. >> The bacon's good. It's um definitely has that black pepper flavor. >> Okay. >> It is a bacon that was a little older as well, but it doesn't taste bad. It doesn't taste like how old bacon tastes like congealed fat. >> M. >> This doesn't. >> Delicious. >> But I know that they didn't just make it, >> right? >> This is so interesting. I don't think this is going to be too spicy for you. Do you want to try it? >> No, I want to try mine. >> Oh, okay. Let me do one more bite. What's the Is there sllo? >> Yeah, they said it was sloth. >> Oh, so there's there's jalapeno and sllo. Okay. Spicy pickle sllo. I I do like this. It is more of a bowl cuz you're eating less of the waffle. Let me get a bite of the waffle, the sllo, and the chicken. The waffle gives it a little sweet and spicy flavor. I have to say though, I don't think I would get this again unless it was made absolutely fresh. >> Okay. >> Like if the chicken was freshly made, the bacon was freshly made. I would get it again if those two things were true. But I'm glad I tried it. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Pretty good for a stand at Disney Springs, right? >> Oh, I think so. And it's like fun, you know? It's like a It's like an exciting thing. It's an exciting flavor. So, that's I I appreciate that. Like points for that. And it's also huge. Like this is enough for We could have split this for sure. >> Oh, yeah. But I wanted to try two different flavors. >> Yeah. So, wait. I have one other qual. You can't set this down, >> right? >> Like there's no It has to point, right? So, how do I film? What do I do? >> You got to hold it like I'm doing. >> Okay. >> I don't know how to get even the beef. Oh, yeah. There's some beef down there. Oh, yeah. It's like just like ground beef. Like >> Oh, I thought it was a a chopped up like hamburger patty, but I think I was seeing the bacon. It's like a cheeseburger bowl. >> This tastes like the meat that they put inside the cheeseburger egg rolls, but like wetter because there's so much sauce. >> Oh, no. There was a lot of sauce. >> There's like a lot of sauce. I think this is the same bacon that you had. That's some old bacon. >> Your bacon's old. >> Yeah. So good, though. I like this because if you don't have anything else in your hands, you could be walking around like this. It's like a walking taco. >> Yeah. >> But in this case, it's like a walking burger. >> Could you do a walking burger with like just regular potato chips? >> Yeah, why not? >> You know what I mean? Like a bag of Lays and just >> get a bag of French fries. >> A bag of French fries. Who sells that? >> Oh, yeah. I guess you're right. >> I mean, >> you do those potato sticks. >> Oh, yeah. I do like those picnic potato sticks and just throw some ground beef in there and a little lettuce and tomato and burger sauce. Some pickles. Ooh, maybe I'll try that. Yeah. >> I mean, this is pretty good. It does have kind of a slight kick. >> It does. >> Yeah. Like maybe the sauce. >> Like a peppery kick. This is pretty good. There's no cheeseburger spring roll. >> Okay. >> But it's like, >> you know, get it again for $13. >> There are so many other things to eat at Disney Springs that No, I would just go to Deluxe Burger. >> Okay. Oh, yeah. I agree. I agree. >> Just like get a deluxe burger. >> It does taste like a cheeseburger spring roll. >> Yeah. >> M. It needs mustard. That's what it needs. It needs Throw a little bit of mustard in your burger sauce. Disney Springs. >> That's good. >> That would like make this supreme. >> I think I like the flavor of that better than my chicken because the the ground beef was fresher tasting. Okay, so now that we've had our our bubble waffle cones, we're next to the photo pass studio. And right now for Celebrate Soulfully, they have a special princess and the frog uh picture that we can do. >> Oh, like a background. Yeah. Should we go do it? Let's see how long the line is. >> And if you have the annual pass with the photo pass connected to it, it's free. >> Free. >> We've gotten some really amazing photos here. >> Studio hours from 11:00 a.m. till 9:00 p.m. >> Oh, let's do it. >> Going to do some other ones and then I'll >> So, put your arm around and get the smile. Ready? 1 2 3. Okay. Both hands in the middle. >> Well, like smile >> like this. And then put your arm around each other and then hold hands one more time and big smile. And then you go perfect and big smile. >> And then look at the light over there. Smile at the light. Ready? One, two, three. And then I'm going to do the other one. Move over this way. And then you're going to hold the menu and look at that light there and smile at that light. One, two, three. And do one more smile at me. >> Perfect. Yeah. Can you guys crate? >> Oh, sit on the crate. Okay. >> Surprise. Surprise. >> Surprise. In 3 2 1 Perfect. >> There you are. >> Perfect. Thank you so much. >> Absolutely. >> Not only can you get your photo taken in here, but you can also buy prints of your photos from Disney. >> I like this. It's like in a >> like an acrylic cube. >> Yeah. But it looks so nice. >> What are these things? Like Mickey. Are they magnets? >> Oh, yeah. Oh, you can do an acrylic Mickey. >> Ooh. We came over into the drop shop. Have a look at some of the little blind box guys that they've got. This one's a Zootopia one or Zootopia 2, right? But they're also Molly. But there they are. Who's Molly? Oh, these are fun. Some Nightmare Before Christmas ones. The Villains. Disney Villain Tower. Heart song. It's all Pinocchio stuff. Stitch and Tron. Tron. Stitch. Stitch. A lot of Stitch stuff going on here. >> Okay, I found one that I want. >> What is it? Is it Stitch in a bathtub? >> No. >> With Mickey ears. The Stitch is Donald. >> Oh, I like I like Stitch in a peanut shell with with Chip and Dale. That's cute. >> Steamboat. Steamboat Stitchy. What are they? Are they like the laboos? >> I think I have a Donald Laboo. >> Is that what this is? >> I think so. I think this is what that kid had. >> Goofy is scary looking. >> Cruise. I think I like Goofy. the best cuz he looks the weirdest. >> I like the chip and nails. >> But on our dream video, the dream cruise video that we just did, there was a kid in the lounge that was like, I have the Ronald Lab boo. >> Yeah, >> I know. It was amazing. >> Eight designs may have secret. >> Oh, is there an extra one? Like a secret one? >> I don't know. There's just eight of them, right? Oh, wait. What's What do they show? >> Oh, there is a secret one. >> Oh, who is it? >> I don't know. >> Who's not there? >> One, two, three. I don't know. >> Is it Clarbell? >> Oh my gosh. What if we got the secret one? >> I think that's how they get you. $30. >> Well, yeah, but you're going to put it on your purse and carry it around for your entire life, right? >> I already have a um a Dr. Bunson honeydew. >> They could be friends. >> It's not on this purse. It's on my >> You need one on this purse. >> No, that's Look, it's half the size of my bag. >> Yeah, that's what you need. >> You could marry it as like a necklace. >> Should we get it and let Jackson or Oliver open it? >> Yeah, sure. >> I don't think I don't know. I don't know. >> I'm going to get it. You can say I don't know all you want, but I'm going to get so expensive. >> I'm going to get this one right here >> in the back. It's >> calling to me. >> That one. >> I just don't want Mickey or Minnie. >> Why not? >> Cuz they look I don't like the way they look. >> Okay. Well, now you've just doomed us to getting Mickey or Minnie. >> So, but I also >> What is What's the What's the rate? Oh, it doesn't say. >> 8:1 Secret edition. One out of 96. >> Oh, man. >> Oh my goodness. So, you're guaranteed one of eight. So if you bought eight of these, you should get each works. >> I mean ratios. >> That that would be like in a perfect world. >> If you bought a hundred of them, eight of them would be a full set. >> Maybe. No, >> that's also that's not true. >> That is is supposed to be true. >> Okay. All right. Okay. Let's just get it. >> Action figure that these M is $72 for one box. >> I mean, they are cool. I like the like idea of the hats. >> They look like boss babies. They're they kind of do. But what is the >> says this product contains a regular or a secret edition of Molly's Zootopia 2 series. >> Oh, so Molly is like this little baby. >> Yeah. >> And then there's even babyier versions of Molly over here, >> right? All Zootopia. >> Wow. Look at this walrus one. >> Yeahub. >> Right. Did you see the Did you see the gazelle one back there? One little gold shorts. >> That's fun. I'm not going to spend that kind of money. I'll get this one and then I'll probably be mad about it later. >> We'll cry about not getting the Oh, she told me what the secret one was, too. >> Don't Don't tell me until we open it. >> Okay. All right. As we're walking out of here, we did take the photos in the photo studio over there. We'll put those in right now. I haven't done this in a while. Camera noise. Camera noise. Camera noise. Camera noise. >> Don't do it so fast. >> Oh, dude. You slow me down. >> Okay. >> So, I'm like >> camera noise. Camera noise. Camera noise. >> All right. So, there was a at the pin training area here. in traders. There was a drop this morning of Kingdom Hearts >> and Muppets and then they said one more. I don't remember what the third one was. >> I don't know. >> But there was a line outside at 1:00 a.m. this morning, >> which is wild. >> Yeah, >> but there's still a line inside. >> I just want to see if we can just look at it. I don't want to buy it. >> I just want to have a peeky poo. >> Just want to see what it looks like in real life. >> All right. Muppets day in the park. >> Oh, I like the Dumbo one with Bean Bunny. >> Oh, yeah. That is good. >> That's cute. I don't know if you guys can see it all. Let me zoom in on it there. And then Uncle Deadly in a doom buggy. >> Pretty fun. And this is the mystery pin set. So there's three different things available. It seems like these two big ones and the mystery pin set. It's real tiny on the side. This as far as zoomed in as I can get, but these are the ones that are available in the mystery set. I can see Fuzzy. I I can see Sam Eagle on in the America pavilion. >> Is he Dr. Teeth? >> Where do you see Dr. Teeth >> above Sam Eagle? That's not Dr. T. >> Oh, who's that? >> That's the guys the Monamina people. >> Oh, just kidding. I see. >> I don't know what they're on, though. Gonzo is Saurin. Oh, and they have the the drive-in sci-fi drive-in. Yeah. I can't tell who's in it, though. I can see I can see Zealand as the No, no privacy. >> Wow. I see a bunch of chickens on the top one, but I can't see where they're at. All right, we are headed back towards the orange garage, but we're going to swing by uh amate. >> It's a touch screen. It's like an interactive map. >> Yeah, you can find your way around Disney Springs. >> Yeah, we're headed to Amorets because they have some stuff for uh Valentine's Day and for Celebrate Soulfully. >> So, I one thing I will say is that um I'm kind of sad that Disney didn't do more for Celebrate Soulfully for Black History Month. In the past, they've done a lot like they they had a much it was like much more things, you know, food, merch, just experiences around. And this year it's kind of kind of sad. >> Yeah, it's been getting less and less every year. >> I know. It's a bummer, but we're gonna show you what we can. So, that's what we're gonna go do. >> Emirates. This is a pitasterasserie that is uh a little bit on the high-end side, I would say. >> Oh, look. They have more lunch stuff. >> Yeah, they just they just came out with a mushroom croissant that's not on this sign. I don't know why it's not on the sign, but it is not. It's a grilled porttoelloo croissant for 1350. These little croissant sandwiches look so good. And I'm glad that they're like doing more than just desserts. >> They So, they've always had lunch, but it didn't always look like this. Right. >> So, this one's new. The grilled porttoello croissant. >> It looks like good. >> Yeah. >> The turkey and bree looks delicious. The roast beef looks delicious. >> I'd like to come back and try these. Oh, Valentine's ent marcapone panakata strawberry jili and chocolate fancier. >> That looks so cute. It's >> $8.25. There's also the be mine cla for dark chocolate cla with raspberry hibiscus. >> Oh, >> and then the Wakandan mousse. I think it's like sparkly. This is coconut mousse, guava, jely, and chocolate sable. I don't know what chocolate sable is. Oh, yeah. There's like purple down there. >> That's what I was trying to show. Ooh, they even have a little bit of a Valentine's Day theme to their petite cake. This is vanilla mousse, vanilla chiffon, and vanilla simple syrup. These are $24 for these little cakes. Also, I'd put money on this chocolate chip cookie against the other chocolate chip cookies here at Disney Springs. Very delicious. All right, so we did get some stuff from Amorettes, but it is time for us to head out to go get Jackson from school. So, we're going to insert some clips of us trying this stuff at home as we make our way to the garage. All right, the first thing that we got is the Valentine's Entrant >> Mars Capone panakotta strawberry jili jelly and chocolate fancier. This was 8.25. >> Oh, crunchy. >> Oh. Oh, there it is. Look at that. >> M. Okay, I'm going to take a little bite. Ooh, there's real strawberry in there. I can see a real strawberry. >> You saw an actual real strawberry. >> I did. >> It's a little bit of everything. >> As I show the the dishes behind you that I'm haven't done yet. >> M. Well, it's giving like our wedding cake. >> Oh, >> with like a little bit of chocolate in it. So, it's like fresh strawberry flavor. The marcapone is like creamy. It's not very sweet, but it just goes so well. And then the chocolate just gives it like a nice little little at the end. >> Ooh, I want to taste that. >> Wow. I'm going to take one more bite. >> Oh, it really is like our wedding day. >> Did I feed you on our wedding day? >> I don't remember. >> Oh, no. I just wanted to have the fork so that I could eat another bite. Oh. That's good. >> It's so good. >> And like we said, this has been sitting in the refrigerator and I think it would have been better if we had eaten it at amores. >> You love cold desserts. >> I do love cold desserts. And it would have been cold at amores, but I think the strawberry it would have been better if it had been like fresh. Fresh fresh. >> 10 out of 10. No notes. Delicious. >> Oh, perfect. Five out of seven score. This is the Wakandan mousse. Coconut mousse, guava jili, and chocolate sable. >> It's pretty cool looking. Should we cut this one in half? >> Yeah. Oh no. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh no. Was that a bad idea? >> Oh my goodness. >> Okay. >> It was like in 3D. >> Oh gosh. >> Is this the cookie? >> I don't know. >> I think I ruined it. All right. Let me make sure I get is I don't think it's really a cookie, per se. I think it's like chocolate. I think it's like magic shell. >> I love magic shell. >> M. Okay. I like the other one better, but this one is good. It's kind of like very coconuty. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. So, it's like chocolate and coconut, which is good, but I just like the flavors of the other one better. Super creamy. This one is very light. This like mousse is very light. It's almost giving like marshmallow texture. >> Almost kind of bouncy. >> Yeah. >> But doesn't taste like a marshmallow. >> 100% agree. Strawberry one is better. But this one is good. The coconut kind of throws me off a little bit on this one. Very delicious. Yeah. But I do like the strawberry one a little bit better. There you go. There's our hot take. >> Back to us at Disney Springs. Oh, no. You You caught me taking another bite of this one. I didn't have dinner tonight, so this is my dinner. >> Oh, delicious. >> All right, back to you, past Tim. Who hasn't discovered this delicious strawberryiness? Just like a second ago here at Planet Hollywood, they were playing Elvis Castello. And I don't know why, but recently we've been like hearing a lot of Elvis Costello, >> have we? >> Yeah, we've heard at least like three Elvis Castello songs in the past 2 months. >> That is that a lot? >> That's a lot for Elvis Castello. Okay. >> Before that, I hadn't heard any in like a year. I guess that's true, you know. Yeah, I guess that is true. >> All right, so there you have it. That was our trip out to Disney Springs to look at some of the uh the Valentine's Day stuff, some of the Celebrate Soulfully stuff. Try the bubble waffles. >> Oh, yeah. >> We got the Marie cup. We went to Amorettes. We did a lot of stuff today, didn't we? >> It was a productive day. >> Yeah, >> I miss Disney Springs. I really like coming here. I like just like hanging out here. >> That was a good place. >> Yeah. >> You know, so a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now it's time to pay the price.
