---
video_id: ycjUAOBxugo
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Universal Studios Update March 2026! HHN House Announcement, Coaster Construction Progress & Food!"
published: 2026-03-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycjUAOBxugo
---
Good afternoon from the Universal Orlando parking garage. We are headed in today because oo the lights just turned on in the garage for some reason. But we are headed in today because uh although it is hard to believe, we have officially gotten our first bits of news about Halloween Horror Nights 2026. And it is exciting news. So we're going to go over all that with you. There is also a little bit of Halloween Horror Nights merch that we have to check out. And it's still Marty Gro. So there's still Marty Gro booths out and about. So, we might get some food and just check on the updates all around Universal. We also have to check on any progress of the Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift roller coaster that is going into Universal Studios Florida that is taking the place of the Hollywood Repride Rocket. So, Hollywood Repride Rocket's gone. They've already started installing and building uh Hollywood Drift, Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift in its location. And from what I've seen, the rumors that I've seen around, we don't have an official layout of it yet, but I've been hearing, you know, through the grapevine, some very, very exciting stuff about it. So, we'll have a look and see what the progress is like there. First stop, we got to head in through security and go through CityWalk. We'll see if there's anything in the Universal Studio store on our way in. So, our local spring break for our local schools ended officially yesterday. Today was their first day back at school. The crowds are looking a little bit lighter out here. Out here in front of Cinear. They've got a lot of advertisements for the Super Mario Galaxy movie. I'm going to be seeing this very soon. So stay tuned to Instagram. I'm going to be giving my thoughts on it very soon. Actually, next Monday, I'll be seeing it. So stay tuned. I'll let you guys know what I thought. Also, I'm very excited for this movie. So we are huge fans of Mario and Nintendo in our house. So excited to see what this movie is. We also really like the first movie. I'm excited to see Roselina in the movie. And I'm excited to see Yoshi. Oh, look at Baby Mario and Baby Luigi, too. So, they do have this little uh I don't even know what you'd call this. It's like a display here. Oh, it's playing music inside, too. Oh, man. How do I get a hold of one of these little Lumas after they're done using this prop? Or even this Bowser Jr., he looks pretty awesome. Oh, man. Yeah, this is going to be exciting. Oh, man. Put that up on your wall. Be scared every little tiny. So, at the end of the first movie, they gave Bowser a blue mushroom. Made him shrink. Think he's riding on the back of Yoshi there. All right, passing by the Universal Studios store. Looks like it's going to be a lot of Super Mario Galaxy merch in there, but we'll still have a look around. Oh, and Marty Gro merch, of course, cuz Marty Gro is still happening. Shout out to a purple velvet hat. Oh my goodness. Wow. So, all the Super Mario Galaxy stuff is in the other part of the store where all the Super Nintendo World stuff is, but I did find this Shark Attack Dum Dum Dum Shay Alcatraz shirt. So, Shay Alcatraz is a bar over near where Jaws used to be, sort of on your way to Harry Potter Diagon Alley, but it's a local fan favorite bar and the Shark Attack is a drink, like a specialty drink at that bar. And this is a shirt devoted entirely to that drink. Oh, jawsome dad. Hill Valley, 1985. A nice place to live. Please drive carefully. Some kind of fun shirts over here. Dinosaurs eat man. Woman inherits the earth. Hello Kitty and friends. I feel like there's so much implied in between these two shirts. All right, we've made it to the front gates. Marty Girl is still happening until April 4th. We still have a little bit of time. I got to say, I love Halloween Horror Nights, but the music at Marty Girl is unmatched. So good. All right, we've made it into Universal Studios Florida and now we're going to check on the wait time for Minion Mayhem really quick and then we're going to turn in this direction. Have a look down here at the five and dime or the five and 10 or the nickel and 10. Oh yeah, the perfect day. It's only a 25minute wait here at Minion Mayhem. Scooby and Velma are out meeting and greeting with guests. Man, it just feels good. The streets are a little bit empty playing Marty Gro music. Not a cloud in the sky. The world is our palm trees. What a beautiful day. All right, let's head into the annual passholder team member shop here at the Brown Derby. See what they've got on sale. This is like a fun little thing for the Universal Monsters. It's like cartoony. >> Oh my gosh. >> Everything's 70% off. Oh man, I expect to see a lot more Fast and Furious stuff going on sale soon. They have a like a pretty good collection of Bowser merch. Like I don't Nobody wants to dress like Bowser. Maybe this is all Bowser's challenge stuff. Interesting. I wonder why. >> But also little Mario pants and a hat. Let's see. This is normally $18. Let's go look at the list and see what it is now. $5.40. Pretty darn good discount. Also have a lot a lot of these Jurassic World headbands. Dinosaur rights. Oh, these are all like little Velcro pieces that you can move around on them. That's fun. But they have these are fixed. There's a a triceratops and I feel like I saw another one. Let me go look in a T-Rex that says here first. As we're in the Hollywood section here in in front of Schwabs, Hollywood's favorite ice cream on Schwab's pharmacy. They have King Gators praline party shake. Sounds really good. I do like a praline ice cream. But it's not time for ice cream yet. We haven't had anything else. So, let's find something else first. Maybe we'll come back if we still have room for ice cream. All right, the five and dime, the five and 10. So, we did get an announcement that our very first house features Jack the Clown and Dr. Oddfellow. So, I'm going to go and explain this a little bit, a little bit of Halloween Horror Nights lore for you guys. So, while we were on vacation, we did get a letter or a package from Universal Orlando. And inside that package was an envelope that contained a promotional ticket to Halloween Horror Nights 35. And on it, it says the opening date of Halloween Horror Nights 82826. And then down at the bottom there, March 21st, 2026. So, we were on vacation for March 21st, but they did have an announcement at Megacon, and the announcement was they are bringing back Jack the Clown and Dr. Rodf fellow for a house. A really interesting thing to notice about the back of this ticket is that if you look down here where it starts saying 35 years of fear, the I in will is lowercased. The O in horror is lowercased. The U N in tuned is lowercased and the C in March is lowercase. If you kind of rearrange those letters, that does spell icon. So, we haven't had an official announcement for an official icon in a few years, but we did get the announcement that Jack and Dr. Oddfellow are coming with a house that is devoted to them. So, Dr. Oddfellow was introduced in 2000 along with Jack. Like, they were both introduced at the same time because their stories are kind of interwoven because Dr. Oddfellow was the employer of Jack. So, the way that Jack and Dr. Trodfellow intertwined that Jack started out as a murderer is a demented guy and he thought you know what would be fun I should be a clown so he turned into a clown eventually to be employed by Dr. Oddfellow because Dr. Oddfellow had a circus and so Dr. Oddfellow employed Jack and Jack started using his clown persona to kill people. He started murdering people and causing all sorts of chaos and mayhem and his ways became more and more uh overt and on stage and like he was doing it in the public and Dr. Oddfellow his employer was like I don't really like that. Although Dr. Oddfellow was also killing people and you know being a bad guy just in private. He was doing um dark occult things that had to do with the zodiac and the dark power of the zodiac in order to try to gain more power. He would do uh sacrifices and rituals as far as like the as far as the zodiac power goes. And then so as soon as Jack started being a little bit more like out in the open doing things up on stage and really like kind of ruining Dr. Oddfellow's circus vibe, he said, "I'm not going to have that." So Dr. Oddfellow said, "I'll take you out, Jack." And so he he killed Jack. But as he was doing that, Jack scratched Dr. Oddfellow's face. And that's why if you look, Dr. Oddfellow has scratches on the side of his face. He's got scars. And when he did that, Jack kind of took some of Dr. Oddfellow's dark power and Dr. Oddfellow locked him in a box. But because of that dark power, Jack didn't actually die. And eventually Jack broke out of that box and he said, "Hey, Dr. Oddfellow, what the heck? I'm here to now kill you." And so Jack killed Dr. Oddfellow. But because Dr. Oddfellow had been practicing so much occult with the zodiac and the dark zodiac and stuff like that. There's too much power. He didn't actually die either. So both Jack and Dr. Oddfellow are undead. And so at this point in the storyline, Dr. Oddfellow came back and now he and Jack are both quote unquote undead alive. And they're at odds with each other. They don't like each other because each tried to kill the other one. So they're like, "Listen, bud. I don't like this." And so this new house that just got announced picks up that story kind of right there. And it starts to tell the backstory of Jack where uh Jack gets killed by Oddfellow, locked in a box, and then eventually breaks out. And they're like fighting each other. They're like, "You guy." And then they realize they say, "Hey, wait a second. We're both tough guys. We both like death and such and you know power and they're drawing power through fear and so they realize you know what we should do? We should work together. Although they still don't like each other, they have determined that working together will get them more power than if they were fighting each other because they're using their power or whatever to fight each other because they are not gaining power by fighting each other. They're really focusing on fighting each other. In the house that is coming this year, they have determined that it's best for them to join forces and really cause as much fear and chaos as they can. Although Jack likes the chaos side more, whereas Oddfellow likes the control side more. So we have kind of a yin andyang thing happening. And because of that yin and yang thing, that is where Jack and Dr. Oddfellow are getting the most power. And so that is where we stand as far as the first house announcement. With that storyline comes the name of the house. The name of the house is the Infernal Carnival of Nightmares. And so I wanted to kind of read this one line here. Uh by the climax of the house, they make the choice that is far more dangerous than continuing to fight. They unite, not in peace, but in purpose. Their alliance creates something entirely new in Infernal Carnival, a living engine of horror powered by fear itself. And that's interesting because fear is a character within Halloween Horror Nights. It's an idea, but also a character. and they both get their power through fear. And it's I'm just really interested in this house turns out. I'm also interested to find out what the outcome of the house is by the end. Will they stay together or will there be another conflict and they realize, oh man, I want all this power for myself and then they turn on each other at the end of the house. We'll have to wait and find out when we walk through the house on opening night of Halloween Horror Nights 35. So, we've got a shirt here. Nothing on the back, but it's the same as that A-frame poster that we saw outside with Jack and Oddfellow side by side and kind of a carnival theme. These are $35. I really like how their colors go together, the red and the purple. And you can see kind of focus on the chaos here. It's all ripped and torn. And this is more precision and pristine over here on this side with the zodiac motif in there as well. Oh, and I like the way the 2026 is together. orange and green, very Halloweeny. And then we have a tumbler here, Halloween Horror Nights 2026, $30. And then a magnet with the same artwork on it for $13. So, so far those three things, the shirt, the tumbler, and the magnet are the only pieces of Halloween Horror Nights merch that we have seen so far. But that makes sense because it is still just like late March and the event doesn't start until August. Beetlejuice out here meet and greeting with people. Somebody just yelled Beetlejuice, Beetleju, Beetleju. and he said, "I'm already out here." It's a little bit redundant. I like that he yells at people. So, if I say Beetlejuice, but I say it in my mind with a different spelling, does he still come out if I say it three times? Or if I say his name with like an accent, like I was British or something, you know, would it still work? Or if I put a space in there, if I'm saying like beetle juice, talking about two different things, a beetle and and some orange juice or some juice. Does he still come? Some questions for you. What are the Beetlejuice rules? I need a handbook. A handbook for the dead or or at least for the recently deceased. I'm going to stop by the Ireland booth as we're passing by it. And I think I'm going to try the shepherd's pie. Ground beef and lamb, mushrooms, peas and carrots topped with cheddar mashed potatoes. Sounds delicious. And so because Finnegan is currently under refurbishment, a lot of the locals are referring to this little Ireland booth as Minigans. So because the servers and bartenders from Finneakans did come over here, they have added a tip line to This is the only booth, the only Martyra booth that they will ask for a tip at. We got the Shepherd's Pie right here. Oh, there's a lot of music coming from every which direction out here. All right, so Shephardd's pie $9.99. We did get our discount, our annual passholder discount, but we did add a tip on top of that. So, came out to be $11 when everything was said and done. Took a little scoop out so you guys could see what the inside looks like. I mean, it does look tasty in there. See some peas and I can see some meat. I'm excited for the cheddar mashed potatoes on top, too. Now, they did say that it was very, very hot, so we're still going to give it a try, but I'm going to be careful here. Oh man, that's really good. The meat is so tender in there. The peas give it like a little bit of extra like flavor pops in there. And it is also like a little teensy tiny bit sweet. And the potatoes are very creamy with a little bit of a crisp on the top from crisping up the cheese. It's good. All the flavors together go really well and it's delicious. I would eat an entire plate of this. No problem. All right, so now we are leaving the island area which is here outside of uh the Nest facilities which is the Transformers ride and right across from Mels and we're going to head down towards the New York area which is where a lot of booths are for Marty Gro. Plus, while we're over there, we'll get a look at the progress of Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift that is coming here to Universal Orlando. So, speaking of Halloween Horror Nights, a character from Halloween Horror Nights, Boris Schuster, he investigates the paranormal activity that happens around Halloween Horror Nights. But if you look in the window here, there's just a question mark on his bulletin board. Previously, there was all kinds of string and news articles and things linked together. Now, just a question mark. So, in years past, this window that's up above me, Boris Schusters's window, has been linked more towards the tribute store, which is kind of like a side story line for Halloween Horror Nights. Um, but it could be also linked to the main story line. You never know. They might change that this year. They might add some things. They might take away some things. You never know. Like, the story line could evolve in any direction. That's the fun thing about Halloween Horror Nights. A little bit better. Look at the question mark up here. And you can see right there on this cup, there's a tribute store sticker. It's a tribute store comic sticker. So there you go. That links it into the tribute store right there. And there's the question mark. Theme park pigeon racing. Who's going to win? Ah, the gray one won. So we do have the Nola Bayou and the New Orleans booth over here, which we've already tried stuff from these booths, so I'm going to keep making my way kind of that way. Who's yelling? But on hashtag the pandanda is out here right now. So we're going to continue our way through the New York section and head back. But there's still Oh, he's saying let's have some beignetes. Maybe fresh hot beignetes. I get it now. I can understand what he's saying. But he was yelling it. So right now we have one more concert to go and that's the All-American Rejects. Oh, we missed the Bare Naked Ladies last weekend. But first I'm going to head over here. See if we can see anything for Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. So far, nothing. Nothing's sticking up. We'll go over here a little bit by the fence. Yeah, just through the scrim here, we can kind of see that they've got some footers poured, but other than that, we don't see anything else. Just the footers and whatever those things are right there. But yeah, so footers are poured. Nothing's gone vertical yet. But we will go out to CityWalk before we leave and double check, kind of have a look inside this area from Citywalk. See if we can see anything different. So yeah, right there you can see those footers kind of just past the fence there. As we're heading into the New York section, nothing that we can see over here for Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift either, but we still have a while. It says coming in 2027, so there'll be many an update coming from Universal about Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. All right, we can see a structure that they are building as part of the Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift over here just past the firehouse passing by Finnegan's too. It is closed for refurbishment like we said earlier and that's why we're getting our food over there at the island booth. We're going to take a quick stop into Sahara Traders. Sometimes they have some Halloween Horror Night stuff. I'm not like really betting on it today, but let's just have a look anyways. So, no Halloween Horror Night stuff, but they do still have some of the items up from the tribute store when it was in here last, including this display that is a tribute to all tribute stores in the past. Like the It's a tribute to the tribute of the tributes. And then in here, this was the location of last year's Halloween Horror Nights Tribute Store, but it has since returned to the arcade that it was before and all of its arcadey glory. All right, now we are leaving the New York section of the park and headed a little bit further back towards San Francisco to try to get some more food. We miss the beat builders. They're all heading down. This is a good show. If you ever get a chance, they do have a Marty Gro theme happening right now for their show. Making our way back towards the San Francisco section. And earlier in the video, we mentioned when we showed you the shirt for Sha for Sha Alcatraz, there's Shay Alcatraz right there. Just as soon as you get in the San Francisco section right across from the exit to Fast and Furious Supercharged, the current Fast and Furious ride that will be shutting down when they open up the new one. We've got the Austria booth. And I might try this uh this pork schnitle, Vienna style pork schnitle. Crispy pork cutlet with potato salad, linganberry jam, and lemon. Sounds kind of good. >> Fluffy torn pancake pieces dusted with powdered sugar and served with applesauce and lingberry jam. That also sounds good. I might try both of them. This one's called Kaiserwarn. Kaiser and it's vegetarian. Maybe this shot will be a little bit less glary so you guys can actually see what I'm talking about. All right, so here's the pork schnitle. And this is going to be steamy hot because they just pulled it out of the fryer. That's one good thing about it not being a very busy day here. You get your food freshly cooked. And these are the pancakes. And these also just came out. So these are both fresh as fresh can be. Let's get a bite of this schnitle. Oh, okay. The batter very tender. Not like chewy or tough or anything like that. Cooked perfectly. The batter though, the like crunch on the outside is almost sweet. Almost like I don't know if you guys have had this before, but they sometimes will fry things with like cereal. Like they crush up cereal and use that as the batter instead of flour. That's almost what this tastes like cuz it's sweet. Like it's sweet cereal. It's good. I'm going to have to try it with the linganberry. Let me try that. There's also lemon. I'm going to put some lemon on it, too. All right. So, I put a little bit of lemon and a little bit of lingenberry jam on it. We'll see how this tastes now. Oh, the linganberry almost tastes like cranberry. It's like a mix between cranberry and blueberry. It's close. Not as tart as a raspberry or as a cranberry and not as sweet or it's not as like watery as a blueberry. It's definitely like a very strong berry flavor, but it's unique but sort of has the hints of other berries. I mean, that was really good. I liked it. I like it with the lemon on it. It's good. The lemon cuts down on a little bit of the sweetness of the batter. I also wanted to try some of this potato salad because this potato salad looks exactly like the potato salad at Today Cafe. Oh, it's similar, but there's something else in that. What is that? I can't quite place a little bit of spice to it. Like a peppery spice, like cracked pepper spice. The potatoes aren't quite as cooked as I would like them to be, but I can't put my finger on what the flavor is of the sauce that they're in. But it definitely has a little bit of a kick almost like a mustard or a cracked pepper kick. H can't place that one. It's not my favorite potato salad that I've ever had, but it is still good. I think the schnitle really like the pork is what really stands out in this dish. Now it's time to try the pancakes. We'll see how they taste. I'm going to try this without any dipping sauce from the langary and applesauce. Tastes like the most buttery pancake you've ever had in your life. That's very good. Topped with powdered sugar. There's one that was just in the applesauce. Just kind of soaking in the applesauce. We'll try that. I mean, that's good. I like that a lot. Like the mix of the applesauce takes away some of like the fried flavor of the pancake. Like the buttery friedness of it. Let's try the langenberry. Also very good. That one actually was like langberry and applesauce mixed together because they're kind of right next to each other in the in the thing here. It's really good. But be warned, this is intensely sweet. Like they put the powdered sugar on it, but it also sort of tastes like it has the like sugar pearls in it. It's intense. So if you're not a huge fan of like super super super sweet things, maybe don't get this. But if you really like sweet things and buttery stuff, this is this is right up your alley. After those sweet sweet pancakes, got to I got to stop with the food. It was a little bit too much for me. So, I'm actually headed up towards the front. We're actually going to go to CityWalk and see what we can see as far as the Fast and Furious Hollywood drift construction goes. As we're passing the New York section, this is a little flash mob that they do called Vamosando. >> Sorry if I mispronounced that. This happens every day. And it's cool because they also bring in audience members to do some participation, some dancing. Just passed by the beignet booth on the way out. And I was thinking that's sort of what those pancakes reminded me of. Although pancakes or the beignes are a little bit chewier. The pancakes were more fluffy, but the taste was similar. You know, like fried dough with powdered sugar on it. And there was also a crunch on the pancakes from the crystallized or like the the pearlized sugar. So, you can kind of get an idea of the flavor of those if you kind of imagine a fluffier beignet. Sort of. Before we leave, I just wanted to give you one last like crowd level appreciation shot. Oh, it's good. I don't I don't know that we'll see anything that we haven't seen before, but we are going to make one quick trip through the Universal Studios store on the way out. Yeah, we didn't see anything new, but I always did like these Homer slippers that you like put your foot in his mouth. This is awkward. Well, there's Kitty White hanging on on the way out. Should we take a photo with Kitty White? Is it okay if we take a photo together? Yeah, I love it. You look fantastic. All right, we made it out to CityWalk and we can definitely see much more where Fast and Furious is going. It is still just footers right now, but I think they're going to start going vertical pretty soon. Roller coasters go up pretty quick after you get the footers in because it's all pre-made offsite and they just bring it in and bolt it all together. So, we should start to see some some braces and some track going in. But, they are starting to put in, you can see they're building a wall kind of over here. But, it looks like they're going to be doing some more of the concrete work before they bring in the actual steel to go vertical on this roller coaster. At least in this section that we can see. There is a whole another section over here. You can see that crane sticking up to the right of that last palm tree. They might be bringing in some roller coaster track over there. We'll keep you posted for sure. But there you have it. That was our trip out to Universal Studios to talk in depth, pretty darn in depth about the first Halloween Horror Nights announcement and kind of go over the lore of Jack and Dr. Oddfellow. And then also we tried some of the Marty Gro food. Everything that we had today was delicious. Sad to see Martyra go. We didn't get to try nearly enough food. But what we did try was most enjoyable and very very very excited about Halloween Horror Nights. I hope that we get more announcements coming up soon. I don't want to wait. I don't want to wait. I'm just so excited for it. So, I hope that we get a lot more announcements very soon. It is a big year, 35th anniversary. So, we might get more announcements quickly. That's just my my hope, I guess. But I'm hoping that it happens soon cuz I like to know and it does like build the excitement as the event approaches. So, we'll be back again giving you guys more and more updates on Halloween Horror Nights and everything that happens between now and then. So, all in all, it was a fantastic trip out to Universal Studios Florida. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
