---
video_id: cxT7ouDVRiQ
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney's Treehouse Villa Check In Day & Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin Preview At Magic Kingdom!"
published: 2026-03-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxT7ouDVRiQ
---
Good morning or good afternoon now from the ticket and transportation center. We're here today because our friend Nick was going to a preview of the brand new fully refurbished Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin which is opening soon. But right now they're in cast member previews. So now we're here. We are invited to a cast member preview of Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin after it has been fully refurbished. We got a little bit of time. We got about 45 minutes before we have to meet them. So, I think we're going to go over to the Magic Kingdom, kind of get a lay of the land. Then we got to come back here to TTC and meet up with them. Then we'll go back in the Magic Kingdom and we will get on Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. Then we might spend a little bit of time going around Magic Kingdom and then later we're checking into the Treehouse Villas over at Saratoga Springs. So, got a fully packed video for you guys. Stay tuned. It's going to be a fun day. So, the official opening date of Space Ranger Spin is April 8th. We are here now on March 27th. So, should be interesting to be able to see how it's running and see how it's going and then come back after it is finally open and ride it again and see if there were any changes, see if anything's different. So, we're headed on to the Montreal right now. Go inside for just a minute and then we'll come back out. All right, we've made it into Magic Kingdom. We've got about 3 minutes here before we have to get back into the onto the Montreal and head back. But I at least wanted to step in and just have a look, see the crowd levels before we head back and meet up with the cast member. I can hear the Dans. Oh, they're like in the middle of the street. Wow, that's fun. Think they're going to be walking right down the middle of Main Street, USA. Meet me in the roundhouse, baby. They can't hold it up there. >> Oh, I love it. Yay. All right, back on the Montreal. Nick is joining us. You're very backlit. You look very >> very ominous. >> Yeah, scary. Spooky. All right, back on the Montreal, heading back to the TTC. It was a nice little round trip uh roundtrip journey. This has been a Disney transportation vlog so far. Here we go. Space Ranger spin event check-in. All right, we've got our wristbands. That'll get us into the ride. At least we're doing like different color Montrealas. Feel like feel like we were just here. Still looks very nice. And the flowers are beautiful. Also feels less crowded. I don't know what happened. Train's coming in the right way. Let's see if they'll wave to us. Nope. It was worth a try though. Right. Here we leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and fantasy. I'm gonna start a theme park that has a today land and then I can have here you enter today where you enter today and today. Right now the wait for Mickey Mouse is only 15 minutes. That's such a short wait. There she is. Ethel Merman. All right. So Festival of Fantasy is happening right now. So we are headed to Tomorrowland. Just making our way over there kind of the back way to avoid the crowd of the parade. And of course, because they are still painting the castle, but there's a lot of progress that has been made on the castle that the little moat here is still drained. And just like that, we made it into Tomorrowland. We're headed over to Space Ranger Spin kind of right there. This is the line of cast members waiting to get into Buzz. We've got a little bit of a wait ahead of us. And you can see right here, they have started to install the new sign. It's not there yet, but they have started the installation. So, this is an Omni Mover attraction, so we should be getting on pretty quick, but boy, we've got a line ahead of us, don't we? There it is. There's a new sign. Oh, it's very pretty. Look at that. I like this. Looks like it's going through space. All right, we got in line around 3:15, 317. It's 3:40 now. We've made it pretty far in the line. Look at this fresh fresh paint. Oo, bright, colorful, clean. I like it. We're almost there. All right, we're about to head inside. This thing's cool. Oh. Oh, no. I ran into Nick. It's okay. He walked in front of my shot the other day. I feel like two seconds ago. The Universe Protection Unit. Star Command. We got to find the hidden Mickeyy's. Oh, look at that. Automatically linked to your photo pass. It's been a long time since I've ridden this ride, but I don't think a lot has changed in the lobby or in the like in the queue, indoor queue. But it does have a fresh coat of paint for sure. Oh no, this little green alien took Buzz Lighter's spaceship. Man, all I need to know is where's the highway? The dangers are Oh, the green planet. That's where ET's from. But also, uh, the little green alien guys are from the green planet. It looks just like them. Me every night before bed. Power dangerously low. Our good old systolic fusion batteries. Warning, not for use in suborbital vehicles. So today we do not have a Buzz Lightyear animatronic out. We have heard stories of him being out before. There's the hidden Mickey still there. They gave us uh some strategy here. Blast the lighted targets for more points. Look at how fresh that mural looks. Oh my goodness. Wow. That's your dad, Buzz. So the ride vehicles are slightly different. new blasters and they uh they open up almost like the doom buggies or Peter Pants. Oh no, my blaster just kind of fell out. >> All right, >> what was that all about? >> Make sure zer slams fail to launch. Oh, listen and have a blast. >> Buddy, that's our new guy. Oh, we still have to control it. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. It looks good in here. Oh, yeah. There you go. Look for the ones that are lit up. This is a good idea. One on the ceiling, Nick. Hit the one on the ceiling. He's only shooting He said he was going to shoot both lasers, but he's only shooting mine. This looks really good. Like crap. >> Look at these guys. >> This looks fantastic. And here's a look at the new blasters right here. I don't know if you can see it on this one. I'll get better. >> You're doing good. You're doing good. So, there's two different color lasers. One's red, one's green, so you can tell which one's yours out there in the Oh, look at this. Tyrannod. What is this called? A pterodactyl. Oh, I got a bonus. We're going Zurggo Vision. Okay. Wow. Space Rangers. >> Oh, this is the big the big prize right here, Nick. See if you can do it. >> He needs more power, Nick. >> Oh no, the escape hatch. We're doing it. We're escaping out of the emergency escape hatch. >> Diabolical plant must be stopped. >> It just activated. >> It went on mine. Now listen, I hit really a lit up target on Tim. So, he has more points. >> All right, we're doing it. Oh, look at this. >> Okay, this is where the game play gets so much better. These are >> Oh, there's Buzz. >> Look at that. >> It like there's targets that you can actually hit up high and Buzz is out here helping out. Wow, that's cool. Oh, and then here comes the photo. All right, Nick, you ready for your photo? I don't know which one it is. Is it this one? Some of them are lighting up. >> What's that star down there? Is that secret? >> Amazing. I'll take it from here. >> You did it. >> You get a target bonus. >> Oh, you actually won. Oh, yeah. Cuz you were doing both. >> We did it. Mission accomplished. That's what they told us. >> I do love that it tells you your ranking on the screen. >> You're a galactic hero. Don't listen to that. >> All right. So, we just got off Buzz Lightyear. I was not able to actually play the game, but I was able to see it because I was filming with my camera and my phone, so I was like back and forth. But it looked really beautiful in there. Super bright, a lot better lit. The targets are lit better, and they actually like react to when you hit them. They do like a little flashy dance. The blasters are two different colors. You got red and you got green, so you can easily tell who's is whose. The actual laser that comes out of the blaster is a lot brighter, so you can follow it where you're actually like aiming. I feel like I remember before the blaster some of the lasers might have been pointing a little bit off to the side. Was it better? It's like it's like dead on now, like straight forward. >> So Nick was doing both blasters and he said that if you hit one of the lighter targets, you get like a big 40,000 bonus. >> Yeah, big money. >> Big bonus. >> And there was a point where I hit one of the targets and it said times two. So it doubled the points. >> Maybe if you like hit multiple lighted targets in a row. >> Yeah. I also feel like I don't know what you call it, but you know the tunnel that you go through at the end where you're surrounded by all the screens. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I >> I feel like before that didn't do anything. >> No, I don't feel like everyone said that there was a target in there that you could get 100,000 points. I feel like you were just basically collecting points from like holding down your blaster at that point. >> This one is so much more interactive. >> Yeah. There was like targets around >> and they like disappear when you hit them. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Let me ask you this. >> When you have the button there, >> you can just hold it. You can just hold it. >> Yeah. >> It's great on. >> Great. Fantastic. That's what it should be. >> Nice work, Disney. You did great. >> I think it's incredible. >> To infinity and beyond. >> Yeah. Incredibles. That's over at Contemporary. There it is. There's our photo from the ride. >> Look at us. Oh, look at how bright it is. You think they replace the cameras on there? Year 2026 gamma quadrant. But this also looks like you could add the the the scores in there, maybe. Hm. Wonder where the actual camera is. We were looking where the flash was. It's obviously not where the flash is. There goes. All right. So, I was trying to show you guys Stitch leaving, but the battery died on the camera. So, we missed Stitch, but he was leaving. He was going back there. >> It's cool to see Stitch. Nick says >> Stitch and Buzz would be friends. >> And I said, "No, because Buzz is star command. He's like, >> but I feel like opposites attract. Like, they're two opposite people >> and they would be >> Stitch would drive Buzz wild." >> You know who's good for Buzz? >> Woody. >> Jesse. Oh. I think Woody and I'm ticked that they were separated at the end of Toy Story 4 and I really hope that they come back together which I I I mean it's pretty clear that they do in Toy Story 5. I'm very passionate. >> What happened at the end of Toy Story 4? >> Woody decided to stay with Mo Peep. >> Oh yeah. >> No. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> They should stay together. >> Where are Ducky and Bunny? >> I don't know. We'll find out. I guess TBD. >> All right. So that will probably do it for us here from Magic Kingdom. Now we are headed to the tree houses to check in and give you guys a look at the tree houses thanks to DVC rental store. All right, making our way back up to the front right now and back onto the express Montreal. Heading back to the car. >> Hello. You guys have already seen that Tim is at Magic Kingdom. He's riding Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin, the newly open, newly renovated version of the ride. But I have been here at home all day and we have been getting ready and packing to go to the Treehouse Villas at Disney Saratoga Springs Resort. So I'm I'm getting in the car right now. We're going to head over there and I think we're going to get there before Tim. So we're getting in the car. We're heading over there right now. Let's go start our Treehouse Villa adventure. Also want to say a huge thank you to the DVC rental store for getting this reservation for us and for setting the stay up for us because we haven't actually stayed at the treehouse villas since 2020. Jackson was a baby. He was crawling at the time. That's how little he was. And we had a blast. So I'm so excited to come back. And now we have Oliver with us. It's kind of like a full circle moment. Like we're all a family of four now staying in the treehouse villas. I can't wait to go. So, let's go check in. Okay, we're here at the Saratoga Springs Resort. All right, so we pulled in and I didn't know it, but the treehouse villas are actually the next entrance up. This is the entrance for the treehouse villas at Saratoga Springs. So, we're here. We made it. All right, we made it in. I'm looking for our treehouse. We're We're getting close. Thank you, buddy. I got our luggage. You ready? >> The volcano erupt. >> What volcano? >> That volcano. >> Where? >> Do you hear? Do I hear a volcano? >> Yeah. >> No, I don't. >> What's that? >> Oh, that might be the luggage rolling. >> Is that Does that sound like a volcano? >> Yeah. >> Okay, we're headed this way. >> Oh, it's the tree house. >> It is the treehouse. >> Not that one. We're to the right. Are you so excited? >> It was a fuzzy squirrel. >> So, >> it was so fuzzy. Can you come this way, bud? >> He says he said hello. >> He did. Jackson, we're coming. >> We're coming. You're doing great, buddy. We got a view of the golf course. Last time we had a view of the lake and it was so pretty. >> Okay, here we are. I think this is going to be mommy and daddy's room. Do you want to see where your room's going to be? Come with me. >> I want to see my room. >> Okay, let me show you. >> I think this is going to be your room. >> Look. >> Look at the bug beds. >> Do you want to see my bed? I >> look at you, bud. >> Got it. >> Jackson did it. All right. So, here we are. This is the the upper balcony of the treehouse. One of the views from the treehouse is the golf course and another one is the Sasigula River. That's the one I >> You have to be staying on that side to get the river view. >> So, we have the golf course view which is still pretty. >> Let's go inside. So, another like big feature is these huge windows along the back here in the main living area. Big table, >> lots of seating area, full kitchen, and there's a big TV down there, too. So, the couch and this chair are also beds. So, a lot of people could sleep here. >> Oh, yeah. It sleeps. >> Three bedrooms. I know. That's wild, >> right? Let's start with the the other two bedrooms first over here. >> So, I already showed the kids their room. You guys already saw that. >> Which one's Oh, is this their room? Look at the bunk beds. >> I told Jackson I was like, if you don't want to sleep on the top bunk, you can sleep in this bed cuz there's another bed over here. >> What is that thing? >> What? >> Oh, it's like a little shelving unit. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, and just a log. I think that is >> good log decoration. >> That's a table. >> That's a log table. >> There's a little crib in there. Wow. Oh, I remember that from the last time we stayed here. Jackson slept in that little crib. >> Yeah, because he was crawling. The last time we stayed here, he was not even walking. >> Remember that? >> I'm going to link that stay. It was so much fun. You surprised me with the stay at the tree houses. >> I didn't even know that we were staying anywhere. And the surprise was that we were staying, but the bigger surprise was that we were staying at the tree houses. It was amazing. Lots of USBs and plugs around. >> Oh, the the lamp is a tree. A >> tree lamp. >> Look at that. >> The lamp is a tree. >> Big windows in here as well. >> Yeah. >> Lots of storage. >> There's so much storage. Look at this bedroom. Holy cow. This is great. >> So, I told Jackson, I said, "If you don't want to sleep in the top bunk, you can sleep in here." And he goes, "No, I want to sleep in the top bunk." >> And then you said, "Believe, imagine, hope, dream." >> This is like live, laugh, love for like uh >> birds. Yeah, for birds. >> Closet. Oh, look at that. A closet. And then we got more USBs. There's lots of storage. There's storage over here. There's storage over here. There's also storage down here. >> What's this one? >> Little tiny storage. >> Ah, >> you know, >> it's for your >> for your birds. >> Bird food. >> Oh, yeah. >> Big big mirror. >> Oh, yeah. You got to check yourself on your way out the door. And then this is the big bathroom. Look at the size of this bathroom. This is some of Jen's favorite art right here. Just bugs. She loves bug art. >> I like I like the bug the dead bugs. You know when they put like dead bugs in behind glass with like the little pin in them? >> That's the kind. If that was that, I would have been like love it. >> I like that the >> haird dryer >> like countertop almost looks like tree like branches. >> It looks like camo. >> Yeah. This the shower turn handle. I like when you have to have a sign to let people know how to use this the the shower. Look at how high up it's a rainfall shower head. Probably really gets you soaked. We'll check it out tonight. A regular size tub, but they give you a little extra seat back here. >> I do wish they had a handle >> like for the kids cuz the kids are going to do bath time in here. I can't wait for you to see our bathroom. It's very nice. They must have like re like renovated. I'll have to watch our video from it. It would have been 6 years ago now, but I'd like to see what it used to look like. >> Let's have a look see over at that room. >> Oh, well, there's also a closet here. >> The breaker panel. >> Is this No, I think it might be the washerd dryer. >> Oh, yeah. Washer dryer. Cuz this is a DVC unit. >> That's right. >> So, you're expected to stay here for a longer period of time. >> I wish we could stay for longer. We just can't. But we're only here for a couple of days. We're going to make the most of it. >> I'm going to use that dishwasher right there so many times. Oh, buddy. Fulls size oven. ice maker in the freezer. >> Refrigerator. We brought some of our own food with us. >> Oh, I did. I made a hidden Mickey out of our fruit. >> Oh, yeah. That's like a hidden >> There you go. >> Hidden Mackie. I like the art here, too. >> Your, you know, all the things you need if you're staying here for a long time. You need 87 wine glasses. >> Ma'am, that is 10 wine glasses. That's one of the best things about staying in a DVC unit is that, you know, you've got all the stuff that you need, refrigerator, microwave, oven, things like that to like really make it feel like home. And so, we did partner with DVC rental store to get this unit. And like the savings that you get through them absolutely amazing. So, rack rate for the tree houses right now during this stay was $2,113 for one night in March. And the DVC rental store, you could get it for $1,218. That's a 42% savings. So it's $895 less. That's amazing. Or if you were just staying in a deluxe studio, the Disney cost is if in March for one night is $737 or the cost for DVC rental store, $378. 49% savings. I like to say this, it's like buy one get one free basically. Like 49% that you're saving over Disney's rack rate. That's This is like This is the way to do it. Let's head to the bedroom. >> So, this is where we're going to be staying. >> Oh, it's got like a little almost like a mud room here where you can hang up your coats. >> Oh, yeah. >> If you've been working out in the woods. Okay. >> All right. Oh, look. There's a hidden Mickey right there. >> What does this say? Oh, they just said, "Hope you have fun. >> Let us know if you need anything." >> H happy. Thanks. >> Lights on the wall. This room is gigantic. Look at this. >> I like ceilings. >> It's got the fan. >> Ceiling fan. Yeah, >> huge window. We can see our car from here. >> Can see our car from here. >> Lots of storage, of course. More USBs everywhere. >> Another closet. Is this a >> a fifth closet? >> Wow, there's so much storage. >> So many mirrors and so many closets. >> I think they really do want you to stay here for a long time. >> They really do. All right, let's see this bathroom. >> Okay, come in. >> The lighting has been the best in the bathrooms. >> Yes. >> Holy macaroni. This is where the toilet is. The whole separate room for the toilet. I just I don't remember the bathroom looking like this when we stayed here. It might have It might have looked like this. >> I remember somebody taking a bath while somebody else took a shower at the same time. >> Did that happen? >> I feel like it may have. >> Okay, >> but I'm a huge fan of this idea of there being a bathtub in the shower and you could point that shower head into the bathtub and like have a bath shower. >> Oh, and like >> and it's a jacuzzi tub, too. >> Look at the window. >> Oh, it's a tree. >> It's also trees. Look at that. It like blends in with the trees outside. I do think they probably could have thrown another sink in here. >> You think? >> Yeah. Like space for another sink, >> but I have more storage room on the counter, so I don't mind. >> Okay. >> Yeah. This is uh Oh, and we get our old >> Oh, there it is. >> Yeah. You don't usually get these cuz they are usually attached to the walls. So, this is nice. >> It is. >> Yeah. >> So, the sea salt stuff bar soaking everything. >> Yeah. That's it. That's the whole place. >> That's the place. We did it. That's pretty neat. I like it. It feels very like Fort Wildernessy. >> It does. It feels >> very grand California. >> More elevated old cabin. >> Yeah. >> And you know how the new cabins are more modern? They don't have this feel. >> Yeah. >> So, this is kind of like in the middle of that. You know what I'm saying? >> I do. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> But I did hear somebody was saying, and I don't know how true this is. Are they renovating these? >> Yeah. Because it's a DVC property. >> So, they're going to make it more modern. Are they gonna >> probably >> do you think? >> Yeah. >> Oh, I'll be sad about that. I'm glad we get to stay in them before they renovate them. >> Cuz I do I like this style. >> Also, here's a little hidden secret. >> What? >> In the headboard. >> Yeah. >> If you look very carefully, you can see where Han and Leia carve their initials. >> Just kidding. >> Did they stay here? >> No, they stayed on Star Cruiser. And there was a whole thing about it being in the Star Cruiser, but it's also on Millennium Falcon ride. >> Oh, gotcha. Okay. >> They put their name everywhere. Those those crazy kids. I think we're gonna uh probably have to stop and go get dinner. We're going to go to Artist Pallet here at the resort. It's at the main resort though. So, like you guys saw earlier because we got lost earlier. We went to the wrong place. So, there's no nothing here other than the the villa, the tree houses, right? >> It's just the tree houses and that's it. And then when you go to the other entrance, that's where you would have like the food, the pool, that kind of stuff. >> But we could walk to the other property >> from here. >> Yeah. I when we stay here, I did it. >> Oh, I think we'll probably drive though. Okay. >> What do you think? Yeah. >> Okay. >> Let me look at the map. All right. Look at this. The table is a hidden Mickey. Wow. >> All right. We're leaving to go grab some dinner. All right. We found a golf ball right under our our treehouse. We just I changed cuz it was like a little chilly. It's not chilly, but like it's not a million degrees like it was earlier. I think just being in the trees like this, it cooled it. This area is a lot cooler, which is nice. So, I hope we can use our outdoor table. >> Oh, yeah. We're definitely using that tomorrow morning. >> Yeah. tomorrow morning for breakfast. We'll eat it outside. We did bring our breakfast and lunch to eat. We brought our own food to eat while we were here at the at the tree houses, but we will be eating dinner out for the next two nights. So, tonight >> I threw a Pokéball at a gim and I caught it. >> You threw a Pokéball at a gimme and you caught it? >> Yes. >> Wow, that's amazing. Tonight, we're going to be going to Artist Pallet, which is like their quick serve kind of food court area. They have a lot of options, which is great. And then tomorrow we actually made reservations for Turf Club which is their sit-down restaurant. Last time we stayed here we tried to eat there and we couldn't get in. The wait was way too long. So we made reservation. We learned our lesson and we made reservations this time. So a second ago I was saying that you had to go to the main building to go to the pool at Saratoga Springs in the main resort. But there is a pool here for the tree houses. I didn't realize that. We just passed it. I'll put in a clip of it here. >> This is the pool over here by the tree houses. Well, this is nice. Lots of shady areas. A little fountain in here. 4 foot 6 all the way over to 3ft. Little frogs and a little waterfall. Wow, that's super fun. And there's also a hot tub over there. Oh, it's an interesting shaped hot tub, too. Ooh, lots of vents around. Let's see what the temperature feels like. Oh my goodness, that is so hot. Wow. Very nice. And there is also a lift for those that might need a little extra help. There's also all these signs out here that said, "You never know what you'll find in a wetland." And it just tells you all the different things that you might see out here, all the different types of animals. Well, I hope you don't run into a bobcat. Also, this was a question I had when I was packing. They do provide towels here at the pool for you, so you don't have to bring your own. And there are also life vests here. There's a Coke machine, some water fountains, bathrooms here, of course, for you to get changed or for you to use the bathroom. There's a couple of tables out here as well. Have a little picnic out here. There's three tables. There's about three tables out here. However, there is no lifeguard on duty at this pool. So, keep that in mind. There are lifeguards at the larger main pool by the lobby over there by Artist Pallet. There are not here. >> So, it's a much smaller pool and there's no slide, but it there was nobody there. It was very private. So, that's pretty nice. Quiet. >> All right. We've made it over to Saratoga Springs, the main resort. We just kind of drove over here and now we're walking across the street and we're going to go through the pool area and head up to the main building there, the carriage house. All right, we've made it over to the main building here. There's a pool right here. There's a slide right there. And look, there's census spa, but we are going to Artist Pallet right here. Oh, look at that. There's the the waterfall that goes into the pool. And we're >> I love it when Disney does a water feature that makes it seem like the pool is filled with like real world water. >> Yeah. >> It's not. It's just an illusion, but it looks cool. >> Oh my goodness. There's a duck in the pool right now. >> What are you doing? >> Why are you yelling at a lizard? There's a Look, Jackson, look. There's a duck in the pool. Oh, I forgot about the artist palette. There's actually artwork all over the place. >> And this is where we're going to. The first time I've ever seen a Purple Martin plush, and it it tweets at you. >> All right. What do you say, buddy? >> Oh, yeah. >> Okay. So, they're trying my favorite thing, which is honey mustard and barbecue mix. >> Oh, mixed it for me. >> I did. Let me show you. >> Oliver Oliver tried barbecue and he said, "I really like barbecue." >> He goes, "That's great. Try this." >> Oh, no. Don't Don't mix it too much first, Jackson. >> The honey is really >> Oh, he's doing it for real. All right. Here's my favorite thing to ask people. >> Who's that? Who do you think that is? I I I know who it's supposed to be, >> but I want to know who you think it is. All right, everybody's food came. Jackson and Oliver have their chicken tender. >> Are they very crunchy? They look so crunchy. I want to These are the These are the chips that they house make, I think. >> Oh, yeah. I got some, too. >> So crunchy. >> Apple slices. >> It's true. >> Jen got >> You got some rice and some shrimp and some sweet potatoes. >> Carrots. >> Some carrots. >> What a what a >> What a what a choice. >> It was on their chef's recommendation. >> Who's the chef? >> Applesauce. That was >> No, that came here from the restaurant. We got >> I do have one in my bag. >> This This one's cold though. Feel how cold it is. >> But this was the um the chef recommendation >> in our fridge for a while. >> It was in the fridge for a while. That's true. >> But I got >> basmati rice, the um rainbow carrots, and the uh garlic the garlic creamy shrimp. >> What's on my chair over here, buddy? I got a grilled ham and cheese sandwich. It's just ham and cheese. And then I got the chips, too. These chips look pretty good. Like I thought for a second they were Lays, but they're >> better. >> No, I think they're the homemade. >> Are they my >> Okay. All right. I just tried one of my half slices of my sandwich. >> Delicious. >> The ham is hammy. The cheese cheesy. The bread buttery and grilled. Very good. Very good. Imagine a grilled cheese sandwich and that had ham to it. >> That's what I got for dinner. >> Mind-blowing. >> Mommy, >> how's >> Why is it called protein? >> Why is it called protein? >> Yeah. >> I don't know. That's just >> How's your chicken? >> Yeah. How do you like your shrimp? >> It's actually pretty good. The rice is very crunchy. >> Oh, >> I think I got old rice. >> Hello, little baby. >> Listen. Can you hear it? >> Hello, Mr. >> Oh my goodness. >> Hello, Mr. Baby. >> Can you hear it? She's yelling, "Hello, Mr. Baby." >> Um, >> the carrots are really good, too. The carrots are delicious. They um have a great flavor. >> The rice is pretty crunchy. And the shrimp really good, actually. >> After dinner, we came out to the little play area here, little like grassy area here. They're playing Tetris Tumble. We've got our desserts here. We're going to take these back to the room and have them. And then there's just got like oversized games out here. This is Checkers. We have chess over there as well, sort of next to the spa. Some rocking chairs. It's very nice. We did it, Jen. >> We made it to the age. The kids are the age that we can sit down for a second >> while they play. >> I have to say right there. >> I think we really did do it. Like, we really >> What a life. >> Look at you with the construction equipment behind you. I don't. But this was like I don't know who like who knew this is how we were going to be like spending our evening. >> If you had asked me 10 years ago if I thought my life would be like this right now, I'd say I I honestly would say no. There's no way that this would be happening. But like look, >> we did it. >> Oh no, it's a bad guy. >> Oh no, it's a bad guy. >> Oh no, watch. Oliver is about to chuck that thing at Jackson. >> No, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. >> Oh no. Okay, good. It didn't happen. Look at the sky. It is beautiful. >> There's the moon. >> It's so nice out today. >> Also, the big tree. So nice out today. >> All right, so we're all done with dinner and the kids have gotten all their energy out from playing with the the little toy things. The the >> the games. The big games. The big games. >> Oh no. Okay. >> All right. We got to get >> Oh no, there he goes. He's off. >> So we're headed back to the room now. >> I love it when kids like rev themselves up like a toy. All right, we're back at the tree houses. Time to get these kids ready for bed, but they're a little wound up from these cookies. >> Was the cookie a bad idea? >> Probably. >> I feel like we They don't get sweets a lot. Like, especially a big cookie like that. So, it was just a special, you know, it's a special thing cuz we're at the tree houses >> and they didn't eat all of it. >> No, they didn't. You would think they had 10 cookies. >> It is a little bit later. We're getting the uh bedroom set up for the boys. We're putting our little inflatable bumpers in the bed. They had their their baths, brush their teeth. >> Oh no. Okay, let's not. Okay, I'm going to go. The fireworks just started. I'm going to Okay, sorry. I didn't want to give you a jump scare. I have my eye under eye things on, so Okay, let's I can hear them. Let's go outside and see if we can see the fireworks. Don't let any bugs in. There's so many bugs right here. I can hear it. Can I see it? No, I can't see anything. I can definitely hear it though. Dang, I wish I could see him. It's so nice out. Wow. I could be sitting right here right now and not be You hear it? There's the moon. No fireworks, though. Dang. Can definitely hear him. >> Good morning. It's the next day and boy, what a very comfortable comfortable bed this was. >> I had a good night's sleep. I loved sleeping. Look at this view. Look at that. We're basically just sleeping in the wilderness. I also like that there's there's a treehouse right there, but because the tree line is like pretty thick. >> I didn't even notice it. >> Yeah, you can't see them, which is nice. It's It feels so private, which I I really like. >> Yeah. And even when we were like first unloading the car and getting in here, we didn't see barely any other people around here. So, it is it is very secluded and quiet. >> You're definitely at Disney. We're in the bubble, but it doesn't feel like we're at Disney. Yeah, it it's sort of almost like if you want to go camping at Fort Wilderness >> but don't like camping. >> What I really like about this, cuz this does feel like the cabins, but it's three bedrooms. Everybody gets their own individual bedrooms, which is nice cuz the cabins are great, but the rooms are you're kind of all sleeping together. So, this is nice. I don't know. It's just nice. It's like you have your own space. I love these windows, too. I love this. I love these tree houses. I hope they never leave. >> Yeah. And you get a great deal if you do through DVC rental store. >> Yeah. I mean, we really like can't go wrong. This is amazing. We had a we had a really great night. Um, actually, we were so just tired from the day. We had such a big a big day that we are ending it this morning. It is the next morning. And today we're actually going to be kind of exploring the the main resort. We're going to go to the pool. We're going to check out the um the boat launch over to Disney Springs, eating some food. So, it's going to be a really great day. I'm very excited. We'll probably hit up the uh arcade a little bit as well. >> I think so. I think so. They've been They saw it as we were driving around and they're like, "Arcade? We need to go to the arcade." >> They were excited. So, um stay tuned for tomorrow's video. But as for us, I think this is where we're going to end it. >> Yeah. So, if you're interested in checking out DVC rental store, there will be a link in the description down below. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
