---
video_id: gXl96ulKbiM
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Packing For My Solo California Trip, Tales From The Appalachian Trail & Bedtime Struggles! Home Vlog"
published: 2026-02-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXl96ulKbiM
---
Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. More on that in just a little bit. Hello and happy home vlog. Hey. >> Um, we're starting we're starting this one a little bit backwards because it is currently 10:02 in the evening on Thursday. Thursday. Yes, >> it's 10:00 on a Thursday. >> It is 10:00 on a Thursday. >> Taking out the trash. >> It is. Yeah, it's trash night. taking out the trash. And so we're starting the vlog now, which is like not normal. Usually, we would start it in the morning, like first thing in the morning, but Tim is leaving first thing in the morning tomorrow to go on a trip to California. So, we're going to start with a little, you know, packing, a little What do we bring on a trip to California? He's going to be there for like 1 and 1/2 days, basically. It's a very, very short trip. So, uh, we just thought we would show you kind of a little getting ready for a trip vlog, except for it's just him going. So, uh, cuz Jackson still has school, Oliver has activities, and so we just thought, you know, we'll stay back, Tim will go, and then we'll see you on Sunday. >> Yeah. >> Right. >> Pretty wild. I've done this I think I've done this one or two times before where like I just go out to California for one day. >> Yeah. >> It's wild. It's a wild thing. Like, well, I was I was what 18 years old before I took my first plane flight. >> Were you? >> Yeah. >> Really? >> I think so. Yeah. I might have been older. I might have been 21. Who knows? >> Huh? >> You know what? No. When we went to Utah, I think that was my first time on a plane. >> Is that true? >> I think so. >> I feel like we vlogged that. So, I could go back and look at those videos and see what you said. >> Yeah. >> No, because I did the Appalachian Trail before that >> and you took a plane up there. >> Took a plane. Yeah. So, there would have been one other >> That's the That's one before that I can think of, but I can't think of another time before that >> that I was on a plane. You know what's kind of weird? So, I watch a lot of like scary like spooky videos and I guess the Apple like Appalachia like Appalachia is is super I guess like I don't know. I don't I don't live there so I don't know but they say it's very scary and you don't want to be there alone at night like there are lots of creatures and I think it's more about like the animals in in the woods. >> Ghost animals. >> But you literally hiked the Appalachian part of the not the whole thing. Two weeks worth. >> But you were in you were there alone at night? >> Yeah, I saw a ghost kid. >> Did you? Yeah, he did tell me. >> Did you see a ghost kid? >> But were there scary animals? >> No, there was bears. We saw bears. >> I feel like you should tell that story of like hiking the trail. >> Yeah, >> that's like an interesting Not a lot of people do it. Or maybe a lot of people do do it. I don't know. >> You should do the do two weeks. It's fun. >> Well, and your dad did it. You went with like your brothers and your dad and your dad was like older at the time. So, it's something that like >> he didn't make it. What do you mean? >> He like sprained his ankle and had to drop out. >> Oh yeah, he did go back. I thought that sounded very ominous. >> But it was wild because the Appalachian Trail is so weird that he sprained his ankle and all we had to do is wait by the road and somebody showed up. We didn't call anybody. >> A person showed up and stopped and was like, "Do you guys need help?" We're like, "Yeah, he sprained his ankle." And he's like, "I'll take him to my house." >> And like he took him to his house, gave him some food. >> Yeah. >> Then took him to a hotel. He got into a hotel. They planned out together when we were going to hit a road again. >> Mhm. >> And like around what time. And then he went to the hotel, picked him up, took him to the spot where he was going to meet us again, and we all ate pizza. Like >> that's like I you're too trusting. >> That's the Appalachian Trail. That's what it is. They call them like trail angels or whatever. >> But it's also like >> you also ate spaghetti at some random person's house in the middle of that hike. It's But it's weird though because you could either meet a trail angel or you can meet like a scary creature in the middle of the night and that's just that's the luck of the draw, baby. >> That's the Appalachia for you. Here's a fun fact about the Appalachian Mountains. >> I'm going to go get the suitcase while you're telling the story because you also have to go to bed because you have to get up very early. I also have to get the kids like, you know, school and all that tomorrow cuz you're going to leave before school. So, um I have to go get the suitcase which is in Jackson's room. Jackson's asleep, so I got to get it very quietly. >> You don't have to. It'll stay asleep. He's a very heavy sleeper. >> No, it's true. Um, so I'm going to go get the suitcase. You tell him the story, and then we'll reconvene packing the suitcase. >> Yeah. This isn't going to be a story. This is just a fun fact about the Appalachian Mountains. >> That was me. >> So, a lot of people will look at the topography of North America and they'll see the Rocky Mountains and like that sort of thing and they're like, "Those are big mountains." mountains and then they look at the Appalachian mountains and they're like, "Those are just little baby mountains. Why are they so small?" They're so small because they're so old that they grew up out of the earth. They grew. They erupted. You know how mountains mountains don't I don't even know how to explain. Mountains don't grow, right? They're formed. They formed from the earth so long ago that they're past their point of their precipice where they were at their highest and now they are returning back. they're being eroded back down to earth level. Whereas like the Rocky Mountains are much younger than the Appalachian Mountains. So the Rocky Mountains are bigger than the Appalachians because they're younger and that wild. That's There's your fun fact. Appalachian Mountains older. I think they're older than trees. Don't quote me on that last part. Maybe do quote me. I might be right. You never know. But the part about them being old is true. They're very old. I think they are older than trees. But I got to look that up. Also, here's a little tip for you. Jen was telling you guys before about the stargazer liies. As soon as they open up, you got to cut these like orange things off cuz you can see like this little dusting down here of the orange stuff. That was from before Jen cut those off. And if those if the like dust falls off of that staining your countertop, staining whatever it's on, you don't want it to happen. >> All right, before we head upstairs to start packing for Tim's next big adventure, let's have a word about today's sponsor. >> Today's video is sponsored by Aura Frames. Aura frames are Wi-Fi connected digital picture frames that allow you to share photos to the frame from anywhere you have access to the internet. So, I was looking through my camera roll on my phone the other day and I realized that I have over 77,000 photos on my phone and that reminded me to add some new photos to our Aura frames. How does your camera roll look? Is it full of photos that you took with big plans to print them out and put them in a frame? I know that feeling all too well. The perfect solution is an Aura frame. With an Aura frame, you don't need to worry about picking out just one photo to display. You can pick as many as you want because Aura has unlimited storage with no subscription. Your memories don't have to be defined by just one single moment. Add them all to the frame. It will automatically rotate through the photos that you added. So, every time you pass by the frame, you'll be reminded of the great times that you had. And I don't know what it is about springtime, but we know so many people with birthdays coming up. And maybe you have a friend whose birthday is coming up and you just can't think of what to get them. Aura frames make the perfect gift. You can even preload the Aura frame with photos and even a personalized message before it ships. And all they have to do is open up the frame, which I might add is already packaged in a premium gift box, plug it in, connect to Wi-Fi, and enter the gift code that you made, and bam, 77,000 photos of the good times that you guys had together. And you don't have to take my word for it. Aura frames have been featured in 495 gift guides during 2024 alone. Named the number one digital picture frame by Wire Cutter, The Strategist, Wired, and PC Mag. They've been recommended by Good Morning America, The Today Show, Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, and more. So right now, you can save on the perfect gift by visiting auraframes.com. For a limited time, you can get $35 off their bestselling Carver Mat frame with the code tracker. That's auraframes.com, promo code tracker. Terms and conditions do apply. And we want to say thank you to Aura for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. >> Okay, the lighting in here is not great. Lighting in here also not great for but but for other reasons. Too bright. So, what are you doing? Um, I am packing up my toiletries. >> Oh, because you're only taking a carry-on because you're just going to be gone for like a day and a half. >> And here's what happened. >> What? >> We had these little clear bags with the zippers on them that are the right size with and they're like shaped the right shape and everything and I can't find them. So, I found this one, but it's not like it doesn't have a flat bottom. >> Yeah. >> So, I'm I'm fitting stuff in it, but like >> it's annoying. >> Yeah. Where are my Where are my bags? >> I think I cleaned the bathroom one day. >> Oh. I'm a big fan of like um throwing stuff away. I'm like what do we have this? We don't need this. I'm throwing this away. >> Maybe I threw it away. I don't know. I don't think there were two of them. >> I don't think I would have thrown it away. But who you know what? Who knows? I feel like I will find it as soon as you leave. I'll >> find step out the door. You're like, "Ah, >> found it. >> Here it is." >> You know, that's just like the way >> the way that's just the way it is, you know? >> That's just the way it is. >> But I'll show you. Also, our room is a mess, so don't judge. So, he's taking this Peak Design. What's this? Are you taking this? Are you going to a concert? >> Yeah, I have to go to the Rose Bowl. >> Oh, yeah. So, you do you only can bring a clear bag? >> See? 12 x 12 x 6. >> Yes. So, this actually you got this from the Monster Jam or for the Monster. Yeah. >> So, he took Jackson to the Monster Jam and he could only bring a clear bag, so that's why he got this. But, he's bringing his Peak Design bag. >> Pretty pretty good bag. I actually really like these bags a lot. I like that they load from the front. I like that they have these little compartments. We did we signed up for their Kickstarter. >> Here's my complaint about that bag. >> What? >> It's uh wheels are too good. >> Oh yeah, it's very smooth. >> The last time that we took these on a cruise, we took them out of the back of the car and the guy like set them down and he's like, "All right, oh, the pile's over there." And he like pushes it towards the pile. Just going. It's gone. This is like halfway down the street and he's like, "Oh my gosh." Ran running after it. >> They are. The wheels are smooth. >> They're very, very good. >> Yeah. So, can things be too good? Yeah, they can. Oh, yeah. There it is. This is literally a clear travel bag. >> Clear travel bag branded. >> There you go. But, so yeah, he's going to bring this and this only, which I couldn't do it. Even for even being gone for a day and a half, I don't think I could only pack this. So, yeah, he's packing up. I'm gonna finish this video tomorrow and we're gonna do like home stuff, you know, just normal home vloggy type things and we'll continue this tomorrow. I'm sure there'll be more of this tonight, but just so you know, we're going to go to sleep. Tim's going to leave. You might see a little bit of that in the morning and then you'll see what he did while he was there in another vlog. That'll be like a whole another thing. I think you're going to try to make the most of your day and a half trip. Yeah, I think I planned too much. >> I might have been a little bit ambitious for my plans for tomorrow. >> Oh, that's what I was saying. I I kind of thought that >> I'm going to land Well, the thing about California is you get extra time, right? So, I leave here at 9 and it's a 5 hour flight and then I land at noon. >> Yeah. You're It's backwards. You go back in time. Back in time. >> So, I lose three hours or something like that. >> Yeah. No, you don't lose. You gain >> gain three hours, >> right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Three hours disappears. >> Yeah. No, you gain it. >> I gain them. >> Yeah. >> Three hours appear >> when you come home. You >> Oh, I lose so much. >> Yeah. Then it's annoying. Like you leave >> I leave at 9:00 a.m. and get home at 7:30. >> Yeah. It's like >> But yeah, so I have something planned when I land, but I have to get from the airport lax to the hotel, put my bag down, then go where I want to go. And that place doesn't stay open for very late. We'll see. >> Yeah, >> but there is a place outside of it where I can get food and things like that. >> You're so secretive. >> You want me to tell them? >> I mean, >> when's this coming out? >> Am I going to be there? >> This will be out on Saturday. >> Oh, then yeah, I can tell them. I'll be going to Universal Hollywood and I'm going to see Hollywood Dri. I'm not going to like ride any It's not ridable yet, but I'd like to see it. And >> we You didn't even say it. >> Oh, Universal Hollywood. >> No, the Hollywood what? >> The >> the Drift. >> The Hollywood Drift. the Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. Roll >> you go. I'm gonna go to Universal Hollywood and I'm not gonna ride it. >> No, I thought I said Hollywood Drift. >> You go Hollywood. Not gonna ride it. >> I forgot the name for a second, so I was trying to breeze past that. You called me out on it. >> Oh, no. I just thought you weren't finishing your sentence. >> No, I thought maybe people would like hear part of it and be like, "Oh, he said the whole thing. Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift roller coaster in uh Hollywood Universal City, California. TM R all rights reserved. Copyright. >> Okay. >> Um >> Okay. >> But I'm gonna go see that. Hopefully they're doing testing on it. That's what I'd like to see. I'd like to see it doing its thing spinning around out there. Controlled spin roller coaster. >> And you should also see some stuff on Instagram as well as this video. >> But uh but yeah, you're going to do that. >> I'm going to do stuff around here. >> Yeah. >> Who do you think's going to have more fun? >> Who do you think will win? >> What do you mean win? >> I don't know. The prize. >> The fun the fun game. The fun prize fun you you're going to have more fun. >> Remember like the fun patrol when you'd like go to like a basketball game and they're like the fun squad. >> Oh yeah. And they do like the t-shirt cannons and stuff. >> Yeah. T-shirt cannons. >> You ever shot a t-shirt cannon? >> No. But we knew somebody who for their like college um job >> thesis like the thing that they had to I don't know what you call that. They had they were an engineer. They had to build something and then it had to be working by the end of the semester and they built a t-shirt cannon. >> Oh >> yeah. And it was funny. I thought about I thought you were going to talk about somebody else that we knew that in college was the college mascot. >> Oh yeah. No, >> he was the college mascot. Like he was the guy. >> He was like in the costume. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> But I was not him. >> Okay. >> But that I mean but that's cool too. I don't know. All right. So Tim's going to finish up packing. I am going to I actually have to edit some stuff before I go to bed and then I will see you in the morning. But are you gonna film anything else >> tonight? >> Yeah, because you're going to show them what you packed, right? >> Yeah, I'll show them. >> Okay. So, Tim will show you what he packed, but I I have to like go edit some stuff. So, that's that. >> It has happened to me again. I don't know what it is about California and me. California, the place that they decided to make movies because the weather never changes except for the weekend that I'm there. It's going to be cold. Then when I leave on Monday, like I leave on Sunday, but on Monday it's going to be high 50s to low 70s, the perfect temperature. And then when I'm there, it's going to be like high30s to low 50s. And it's also going to be cloudy while I'm there. >> That's what I was saying. It's like when I went to lo when I went to Las Vegas. Oh yeah, >> a desert. It rained and they're like, "It never rains here. I don't understand." And I'm like, "Here I am in the rain in Las Vegas." Uh, so now I got to pack. I was originally just being like, "Look at this. I just brought like some t-shirts and some shorts." >> Well, it's a good thing you looked. >> It's a good thing I looked. I would have been very cold. I was bringing jackets, though. I had planned to put a sweatshirt and another I have this. This is like a packable like windbreaker. So, I'm going to bring that with my sweatshirt. That'll keep me warm. So yeah, I got to pack the extra stuff now. So that's pretty much it. I've got some shirts, some underwear, some socks, some pants, a jacket here. This is the clothes that I'm going to wear tomorrow. And then I've got a jacket, like a sweatshirt that I'm also going to bring on the plane tomorrow. And then I got to put this clear bag in there. And then I just need to grab some batteries for the camera and then put the laptop in there. And then I need stuff like this. This is like my charger for my phone and my watch. That'll go in here as well. And that's it. That's my bag. I packed it. And my toiletries, of course. But I got to use those tomorrow morning, too. >> Okay. It's the next morning. >> I play Pokemon Go every day. What? >> He's got his cool >> Oh, got to eat a heart. Jackson ate a heart cookie yesterday. Is what he said. >> Oh, you did? >> Good job, buddy. >> Oh my goodness. But you got your cool >> You got my elf shirt on. >> Yeah, you're all decked out. You're ready to go. >> I'm going to go find some cats for elf. >> Oh, no. >> Yes, sir. And I didn't. And overall, we have welches. >> Oh, that's okay. He likes watches. >> All right. Well, have fun and we'll see you when you get back. >> I love you. >> Okay. I love you. >> All right. >> Okay. I love you, Jackson. >> All right. >> I love you, >> Oliver. I love you. >> Okay. It is much much later. Tim still hasn't texted me to say that he landed yet. So, I'm sure he has cuz it's definitely been long enough. But what did what did you do today? Did you nap today? >> Uhuh. >> You didn't? >> Uhuh. >> Why not? >> Because I need to >> Yeah. So So he didn't nap today. Um sometimes when something changes, like cuz Tim's not here, it it just makes it harder for him to do his normal routine sometimes. And sometimes it doesn't matter at all. Sometimes, you know, he can nap just fine. But we've been having some struggles with our nap. Huh. >> Yeah. So he didn't nap. We really tried, but um so he said, "I just want to go downstairs." And I said, "Are you hungry? Do you want to have some cottage cheese?" And what' you say? >> Yes. >> Yeah. You love Is cottage cheese one of your favorite things to eat? >> Mhm. >> It is. Yeah. You love cottage cheese. So, let me show you what I'm going to eat because So, my sister went to go get Jackson from school because I was still trying to get Oliver down for his nap. But uh we went to Portillos's last night for our friend's birthday and we took some things home because there was some extra food. So they sent me home with a Chicago dog. So there it is. I think I'm going to heat it up though. I'm going to take the actual dog out. >> Mom. Okay. So So go ahead and do it. >> Go ahead and do it. >> Okay. I'm going to do it. >> Thanks. Thanks for the for the pep talk, bud. So, I'm going to take the actual hot dog out of here and just heat up the hot dog and then put it back together and it should maybe taste okay. I don't know. I'll let you know. I'm going to do that really quick. I'll be right back. I wasn't recording any of that. I don't know if I showed you this. I don't know if it was recording, but I um I heated up my Portillo's dog, but I already took a bite. It was very good. And what I was saying was is that it's good. Like, it's not fresh. I can tell that it's not super fresh that it obviously everything else is cold except for the hot dog. Cold in a way that it was like refrigerated cold. But um and it's still good. So I imagine fresh this thing would be so good. >> I want more of the hot peppers. Those are so so good. Holy cow. And the hot dog is like great. Wow. M. That's delicious. >> I always do this thing where I find one thing that I like and I just order that thing over and over again. So, every time that we go to Portillos, I just get the Italian beef with dipped and then extra gravy on the side and then extra hot peppers. >> And really, I should be ordering new things because that is great. >> Yum. >> What did you find? I found a Pokemon. >> Which Pokemon? >> Maybe it's LIKE THERE'S A POKEMON FOOTPRINT IN THE SAND. >> Bend down. >> Bend down. >> Even more. >> A Pokémon is swimming. Bend down. >> How can you get down anymore? >> It moved. Bend down. What? >> Maybe you have to. >> We're getting closer. Turn to the left. your left. Yep. There you go. >> It's moving away. >> Oh no. Jackson's back from school. What game are you guys playing with these? >> We're playing Mario. >> Oh, you're playing Mario. >> No, we're playing steppy steps. >> Steppy steps. How do you win? Is it a winning game? >> This level. >> Okay, show me. >> Oh, let me try. >> Just you just have to walk around it. >> Whoa. Careful. All right, that's a fun game. >> But watch this. This is going to be the third level. It's got to be the same, but different stuff's going to happen. >> Okay. >> Let me try. >> Wa. >> Oh, no. Not yet. Replay is not. >> Oh, cuz then you have to go down the slide. Okay. By the way, this slide thing was one of the a really good purchase if you have kids and they like to be super active around the house. This thing wonderful. Okay. I'm going to make some dinner. You guys, are you ready? Who wants chicken? >> No, I don't want chicken. >> Oh, no. Oliver, will you eat some chicken? >> I'm Donkey Kong bananza. >> Oh, you are? >> Yes. >> Would you like a banana? >> Yes. >> Oh, okay. >> Donkey Kong bananza. >> I like some pretzels. >> Some pretzels. Well, let me Okay, hold on. Okay, so I'm making some dinner. Tim did land and he is um he said his flight was a little bumpy, but he made it okay. and he said it's very cold there. So, I'm glad that he brought some jackets. Yeah. Uh, so I got my chicken. I just This is like an easy chicken that we do. We just do it roast, you know, like baked chicken. So, this is two chicken breasts with salt, pepper, olive oil, >> garlic, oh, onion, Italian seasoning, and some garlic. And that's what the kids like. So, I'm going to bake this for like 25, 30 minutes at 450. All right. All right, I got some cauliflower and some carrots that I'm going to put in the oven as well. The chicken has been cooking for like 20 minutes. Let's see what it looks like. How does that chicken look? Oh, it looks pretty. I got to clean the oven. That looks pretty good. But I got to throw these in, too. Okay, let me tell you. Trying to get dinner together with these two kids. Hard hard work. All right, I'm going to get these and then I'm going to cut up some fruit. So, we're going to have fruit and veggies and chicken and hopefully they eat it. You know, who knows? They might. They might not, but I'm going to try it. All right, so my chicken is almost done. My veggies have a little bit more to go. I really do need to clean the inside of this oven here. I don't know when that'll happen, but that does need to happen. I also, because I was cutting up the carrots, I just went ahead and I prepped the rest of them so that I could We're big on like carrots and hummus and like cucumbers and hummus. So, they're prepped. So if the kids or even if I wanted to roast more later or tomorrow or whatever, they're prepped. I don't have to peel them and chop them. They're in there. This is my um my Tupperware. My Minions Tupperware. Um I really love this. Is this I think this is the um the 9 to5, right? When they're like right on it, Ros. Is that what she says? I'm pretty sure that's what they're like spoofing here, right? Let me know in the comments. I'm not sure, but I think that's what it is. Or maybe she says Rose. Does she say I'm right on it, Rose? Is that Do you know what I'm talking about? Okay. Anyway, I'm going to put this in the fridge for uh later or tomorrow. It's in there. And then I also have a salad yesterday when we had um dinner. So, we actually it was the theme park foodies. So, it was um Jay and Sam. It was Sam's birthday. I don't think we mentioned like whose birthday it was, but we they had it at Portillos. They love Portillos. And so they sent us home with a salad. There there was like a bunch of extra food. So I might eat this salad for dinner. Yeah, cuz I'm I'm still kind of full from that hot dog. That was so good. Um and then I was talking to Tim and he is going to California for a Pokémon Go event and so he was trying to get his account, like his Pokémon Go account ready for tomorrow, but I guess it won't. It thinks the Pokémon Go account thinks he's spoofing his GPS cuz he normally plays in Florida. So, it banned him. Like, Pokémon Go was like, "You're banned for a little bit." And I was like, "Oh, no. That's not good." Cuz you need it for tomorrow. You're going to like a a Pokémon Go event. You your account needs to work. So, um we'll see what happens. I will keep you guys updated when that video goes up. But yeah, kind of weird, right? So anyway, I'm finishing getting dinner ready. The kids are watching PBS while I just do this really quick. And then we're going to eat dinner. The chicken just came out of the oven. It looks really good. The uh cauliflower and carrots are done. And then I've got some strawberries on the plate, too. So, I just have to plate dinner and we'll be good to go. Okay, we're done with dinner. I don't know if I actually showed you their plates. I know I showed you what I made for dinner, but I don't know if I showed you their plates. This is what they ended up with. So, Jackson ate all of his strawberries, a couple of his cauliflower, half of his chicken. He wouldn't even try the carrots. Oliver ate all of his chicken, all of his strawberries, one of his cauliflowers, and he tried like a nibble of the carrot, but that was about it. After dinner, they were both a little bit hungry because they only really ate their chicken and their strawberries. And so now they're having some apples. You're almost done with your whole apple. He he had like 75% of the apple and then Oliver had the other the other bit and some peanut butter. How is it? Is it good? >> Um it's so good. I actually >> It's It's so good actually. >> Wow. Thank you. I'm glad you liked it. So they are watching TV. They're watching um PBS. I put that on after dinner, but I just I have like it's just me and I'm trying to make their snack, make their dinner. So like, you know, you got to do what you got to do sometimes. And >> you did? >> Yeah. >> Um, so yeah, you know, you you got to do what you got to do when so you can get your kids the snacks they're asking for, all the things. So yeah, I'm getting ready to do bath time and bedtime and then I'm going to see you guys afterwards after I put them both to bed, which is also I'll have to explain that to you cuz that's also very hard right now because it's only one person. It's just me and they each want you to sleep with them, but they can't sleep in the same room or they just play and they neither of them goes to sleep. So, this has been like a real tricky situation and I'd love to know if you guys have any uh thoughts, suggestions. I Please leave comments down below, but I'll talk to you more about it after bath time and bedtime. So, I'll see you in just a minute. All right. So, I was able to get both of the boys to bed. And I think honestly because Oliver didn't have his nap, I think it made bedtime a little bit easier because it's kind of like a double-edged sword because he needs to nap. like he he still is at an age where he needs to nap. And I but I also think that if he doesn't nap, it makes bedtime easier because he's so tired from the day because he didn't have his nap, but he doesn't sleep well through the night. Like he will wake up like last night, it's the next it's the next morning. Um because I had so many things to do last night, I couldn't I just had to finish it today. But uh he woke up in the middle of the night and he will do if he doesn't nap during the day, he'll wake up in the middle of the night. He'll get to bed easier, but then he doesn't sleep through the night as well. You know, parenting fun. So, so anyway, if you guys do have any suggestions on how to put two kids to bed when you're just one person, um when they both want you to sleep with them, but they can't sleep together because then they will never go to bed. they'll just play. Let me know. I'd love to read your comments and hopefully get some good advice to help with that. So, um, normally Tim and I are both here during bedtime, so it's, you know, we just kind of like divide and conquer. Like, one of us will put Jackson to bed, one of us will put Oliver to bed, and it's no problem. But when it's just one of us, or if my sister's putting them to sleep or just me or just him, it's really hard. It's hard. So, um, and I know that that'll change, you know, like kids change every day, every week, every second, every minute. So, um, just right now, this is what we're going through. But, uh, but yeah, so, I hope you had fun hanging out with me and seeing Tim pack for his trip. He's there now. He is at a Pokémon Go event. He's got so many cool Pokémon. Jackson's actually looking at his Pokédex right now to see like what he's caught, and he's caught some cool ones. So, I'm excited for you guys to see that video. I think that video is going to be its own thing because he went to he flew he I think the next video you're going to see is going to be him like his travel day and then checking into the hotel and then going to Universal Studios Hollywood. And if you follow him on Instagram, you've already seen a little bit of that. But, um, that's going to be the next video. And then I think the video after that is going to be the Pokémon Go event. He said it was a really cool chill event. He's there currently. And uh yeah, so thanks for hanging out with me at home and for uh letting me get things done here while Tim's out of town. And soon we'll be back together doing theme park stuff here in Orlando. So stay tuned for that and we'll see you tomorrow with a new video and we'll see you soon with more like local fun stuff. But with that being said, I almost didn't get it. I got it yesterday. I think I like really I I think I got too confident. But with that being said, we're off. I'll see you tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
