---
video_id: _dN_MdGGNBc
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Getting Ready For Our Next Adventure, We Got A New Camera & Taking Off Permanent Jewelry! Home Vlog"
published: 2026-01-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dN_MdGGNBc
---
Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. More on that in just a little bit. Good afternoon. I know that it has been a few days since we've uploaded a video. That was because we've been out of town. We've been out of town on a very exciting trip. And this trip is something that we have never done before. So, something brand new. And if you guys are following us on Instagram, some of you guys might know, but I don't want to spoil it for anybody that doesn't quite know yet because it's it I think people are going to be excited to see what our thoughts are about what we go and do. And so in this video, we're going to be getting ready for that trip. We're going to do be doing our packing and just all around getting ready. And the thing that's exciting about that is that we, like I said, we're doing something brand new we've never done before. And that means that we are unsure of what to pack because the majority of our clothes are all Disney things and the thing that we're doing is not Disney. So we have to find shirts and clothes and outfits that are not Disney. But then the other thing is that uh we're leaving and the temperature is beautiful, almost 80°. But then when we get back, it is a frosty, it's scheduled to be a frosty 39°, possibly even colder. So, it's going to be difficult to pack for what we are coming back to and what we're going to. And so, we have to figure all of that out. So, let's get to it. So, one thing that I got recently was with I started taking down the Christmas ornaments and I noticed that we had kind of like a bad way of storing them. And so, I bought a little case for them. So, it's just kind of this case like this. It's got hard sides and then it's got little dividers, cardboard dividers in here so you can separate all of your Christmas ornaments. And then I just kind of put them in there. And then we don't have to worry about wrapping them up or anything cuz they're in this hard case and they're not going to be moved around. We just kind of put them where they go. And just like that, all of our Christmas ornaments are in here. Little storage pouches on the outside that we don't have anything in right now, but we could put something in there if we wanted to. So, I'm going to talk cameras with you guys. I like cameras. The camera that I'm filming on right now is the Canon V1. This is the camera that we use at home. It's a little camera. It's easy to use. It's easy to carry around. But, if you've ever seen videos from us from like Disney or any of our trips, since August of 2001, I've been using this. This is a Sony A7S3. Uh, it has seen better days. It is really like beat up. You can see some of the like paint's gone. Some of the dials are just gone from various trips and things like that. And it's just it has it's done for. Like it's it's decided to stop working. Some of the times it's just like it'll stop recording in the middle of what I'm doing. So I decided to invest in a new camera. Let me show you guys what I got. So this is the Sony FX3. It's basically the same camera as the A7S3, but this one's more geared towards cinema. If I wanted to start filming in 4K, I could use it like that because it does have a built-in fan to cool it off if you're doing 4K. 4K just takes up a lot of space, so we haven't switched over to it yet. We have the computing power to edit with it, but we just haven't done it yet because it takes up a lot of storage space. And so we've been sticking with 1080, but maybe I don't know. You never know. Maybe we'll do 4K soon. So be on the lookout for the next video from like a major thing park or something like that will be shot on this camera. We'll see how it does. So we just had lunch with my brother, his wife, and Jackson and Oliver's cousins. And they gave us Christmas gifts cuz we haven't seen them since before Christmas. And I wanted to show you guys what they got us cuz it's interesting. It's fun. Cuz I don't think this one's necessarily for the kids. It's a Charmander waffle maker. Oh, that's fun. I'm going to make them. Waffle maker. Yeah, Charmander waffle maker. I eat breakfast. When you eat breakfast, you want to use the Charmander waffle maker. Okay, great. I'll make waffles. Awesome. Oh, learn how to I almost bought this. That's so fun. It's like how to draw Pokémons. Oh, it's like the real Wo. Yeah, this is like for Okay. like learn how to draw it. Pokemon hoodie. Oh, hoodie. That's fun. We're going to bring it with us. Oh, yeah. We should. Oh, we haven't told anybody we're going anywhere. We're going somewhere. Oh, let's see. Oh, this was the card that they did. They drew the cousins drew some Pokémons and a little astronaut guy. I like that. Good job. What is It's like a spaceship that you have to build and it comes with a drill for three and up. Okay. Yeah, it's a take aart toy. I like that. Probably should have put a little asterisk on there like does not actually shoot fire. Oh, no. A flying ring. Oh, a flying ring. No, it doesn't shoot fire. It's called a tossy and the solar system book from place. So Jackson just got this book in a book exchange at school. So that's so fun. Now they both have it. Yeah. Well, look at that. It was a good time. Thanks, brother. I always wanted a brother. I always wanted a brother. We I haven't seen that movie. Oh, that's okay. I I heard it was actually kind of good. Oh, really? Yeah. I didn't think it was very good. Did you watch it? Yeah. Maybe I'm getting it confused with Lilo and Stitch. Lilo and Stitch was not good. How are you confusing me? Cuz they're both They're both live actions. Yeah, but they're not the same. I know. They're totally different, but that's funny, you know. Um Well, I heard I heard Lilo and Stitch was that because they changed the story so much, people were really mad about it. So, and I don't know. I I didn't see it, but then I also heard that the Mufasa movie was actually really good. I'll have to watch it again. Feel like I watched it on a plane. That sounds about right. Yeah. Yeah. What do you guys think? Have you guys seen all the live actions from Disney? Do are you guys fans of the live actions? Are you not sure about them? Have you not seen any of them? Can tell you one thing. Every liveaction person, a human you could call them, needs to eat. And speaking of eating, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by ButcherBox. One of my New Year's resolutions was to be more consistent in my workout schedule. And part of that is upping my protein intake. That's why I'm starting the year off with ButcherBox. ButcherBox is a meat subscription box that allows you to have highquality meats and seafoods delivered directly to your door. So you can skip the grocery store and have premium proteins delivered directly to your home. All right, let's see what we got in our butcher box this time. Ooh, St. Louis style pork spare ribs. We've got our 100% grass-fed ground beef. Ooh, yeah. The one thing that I really like is that we can customize when the box gets delivered. And it's super easy to do online. What is this? We got some beef strip steak boneless. Oh, some fillet. Yeah, some grass-fed fillet. Because it's fully customizable, we can get exactly what we each want. And it makes it really easy to meal prep for the week and to make a weekly menu. I love that. This is one thing that I was excited for, the ribeye steak. Oh, yeah. Grass-fed beef sirloin tips, chicken tenderloins. Kids love these. And of course, some chicken breast. Yeah, look at that. Family favorite. All of these things delivered right to our door and we never had to go to the grocery store. Who doesn't love that? And they come straight to your door frozen. So, we're just going to pop these right into the freezer until we're ready to use them. Today, we decided to make the 100% grass-fed beef ribeye steak. Just look at this steak. Oh my goodness. Our weeks get pretty busy, so I love the flexible delivery schedule. That means we get what we want when we want it. Man, this steak is looking so good. I can't wait to dig into this. Oh man, holy cow, that was so tender and juicy. So, if you're interested in checking out ButcherBox for yourself, be sure to use the down below or the QR code that's on the screen right now. And if you use our code Timra 20 at checkout, you'll get $20 off your first box. Plus, new users will get a free gift in every single box for a year. So, wanted to say thank you to ButcherBox for sponsoring today's video. And now, back to the video. But today was nice cuz we went to go eat with the cousins and with um our with Tim's brother and our sister-in-law. And we went to have pizza and it was delicious. And the kids ran around. There's like a little outdoor space at this pizza place and the kids ran around. That was really nice. We got to catch up and hear how their Christmas was cuz they spent their Christmas out of town. So, it was just like nice. It was a nice little catch up. I spent some time trying to convince them to come on a cruise with us. I don't know if they're cruise people. I don't think they are. Yeah, I don't you know, some people aren't. Yeah, I I get it. You know, I'm going to keep trying. I think that if once people try it, cuz they I don't think they've even tried it, right? So, not for a long time. Once they try it, I feel like they might feel differently about it, but they might feel the same about it, you know? They might be like, "This was the worst." Yeah. I don't know. Are you guys cruise people? Like, if you are, or if you aren't, I guess, why aren't you? Well, my brother doesn't like crowds of people. Well, I I get that. I do get that. But you can do a Disney cruise and not deal with like the crowd. It doesn't most of the time. Yeah. Like, you still have to go to dinner and stuff. I mean, you could you could do the adult dinner. You do room service, too. Yeah. You could do room service. You could eat out like by the pool. Like you don't I don't think you have to deal with the crowds if you're like really against that. Okay. But I don't know, you know. Or you could even like at the port. You could eat dinner at the port. Oh. You know, and like most of the time you have to be back by like 4:45ish. So you could have like an early dinner. Yeah. At the port. Like if you're retirement age. Well, I mean we eat dinner. No, I'm just kidding. I don't know. I I'd be interested to see if they ever did one. like what they really thought about it. But if you're not a cruise person, tell me tell me why ain't nothing but a heartache. Is it Do cruises make you your heartbreak? Oh, yeah. They do. They do. The end of Romeo and Juliet makes my heartbreak. Okay. All right. It's the next morning. Oh, that's weird. Look at that. Whoa. Hello, Pokémon. You're going to be the very best. The best that ever was. Jackson got for school during Christmas time like a thing that was like gingerbread men that you can make a little gingerbread guy and they gave it to him in this little like snow globe looking jar. So, we're going to make a little snow globe, right? What do you want to put in it? Oh, you have he has a band-aid on the side of his face cuz he had a little cut, little teeny tiny cut. And anytime it Yeah. Anytime there's any sort of little teeny tiny bit of blood, he says, "Put a band-aid on it quick." Oh, I tried to run in here as fast as I could. But what did I tell you to tell mommy? I did. No. What did I say? What was the question I said to come in and ask her under? He said, "What's that under there?" "Under your butt." And then he said, he came and he ran. He said, "What's that under there?" And mommy didn't even know. It caught her by surprise. She said, "Under." And then he said, "I just made you say underwear." You did. It's true. I said underwear to her. Oh, brother. I feel like Kevin Smith. Um, when the kids started watching Pokémon and so now every time that I have a hat out, Oliver wants me to wear my hat like this because Ash, right before he catches a Pokémon, he turns it around backwards, right? Yeah. Let me see that thing. This is something else we got for Christmas. It's called a uh tossy, and it lights up when you spin it. What's that? What is that? Oh, glitter. We got to put that in the snow globe. Okay, we're adding some glitter to our snow globe. Um, yellow. You got blue in there. And now we're putting gold in there. Yellow. Oh, you have yellow glitter, too. Oh, no. Now we just pour it. You got it. Okay. Oh, tap tap. Okay, you hold this part now. Let me see it, buddy. Let me see. Shake, shake, shake. Whoa. So, I think this would have worked better if we used oil, but this thing is not fully sealed, so I didn't want to use oil. We did that. Yeah, cuz we made one with like peanut butter jars and with oil and water and it um it it didn't it like wouldn't seal the jar wouldn't close all the way because oil. So, you have to not put oil put like hot glue or something in there and then seal it. Who are you trying to find? Elmo. Where is he? Where's Elmo? Right there. I hear him. Can you show me where he is? Oh, right there. Is that Elmo? Let me look. Oh, that is Elmo. I have to close it. Wait, let's see. No. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I have to find him. Okay. Find him. I have to find him to get him. I I'm right. I think I hear him. Is he right? Is he right? Oh, there he is. He's He's He's in the blankie, buddy. All right, we did it. We took the Christmas tree. Christmas tree has been put away. All the Christmas ornaments have been put away. All the Christmas decorations, I think, are put away. You did help. Yeah. Yeah. And then we've moved this back over here. We did great. So now we've got uh all of our now our house is back to the to the chaos that it was before Christmas. Oh, I got to finish taking down our lights. Oops. What lights? Oh, filming lights. Yeah, it's just just YouTuber things. So, we didn't actually tell anybody, but we're leaving on a trip tomorrow. Oh, yeah. So, we don't have any food in the house. So, what are you making us for dinner tonight? The kids have food. Well, actually, we have a lot of food. That was the thing. And I was trying to make it all so that it didn't go bad and I can't even make it all. We have so much. Oh, really? So, I'm making the kids have their regular dinner cuz we had that. I'm making us some pasta with um just throwing the vegetables that we had. So, I was adding some asparagus. Sorry, getting a steam facial. Have some green onions. I'm not going to give you. He wants to eat. I showed him that we had green onions in the fridge. He's like, I just want to eat those. And I was like, well, I have to cook them. I did that one time out in the wild. that was just eating green onions. It made me so sick. I feel like I would just be running to the bathroom. Yeah. Well, it was like my tummy was upset. Yeah. So, I'm making us some pasta with a little butter and um parmesan cheese. And then I'm just going to add This might be too much. Oh, yeah. That's a lot of pasta there. Green onions. I'm not going to give you just green onions, buddy. I can I can add it to something. Why don't you start with what you have on your plate, bud? Yeah. So, we're just going to have them. I'm cutting up some straw. We have a lot of strawberries. So, I'm cutting up some strawberries. That's not going strawberry pasta. So, this is what the kids are having. Some chicken meatballs. Well, you already ate yours, buddy. You had a quesadoodle. Well, Oliver's eating most of his, too. I don't want you guys to think that this is like his only No, he ate No. Yeah, this is He's like halfway done already. This is the pasta they made for us. It was just some pasta with h asparagus and broccoli. eat your dinner. Some parmesan, a little butter, nothing major. Just kind of wanted Just kind of wanted to use up what we had. All right, so we are going on a trip tomorrow and I am packing a gigantic suitcase with a ton of extra room in it because one of the things my hair is like flat today. One of the things that I've noticed that we do is that we'll pack all this stuff up and then the next morning, like right before we're about to leave, we're like, "Oh, what about this? Oh, what about this? What about this?" So, I want to have a lot of extra room in this suitcase so that I can just like open it up and just start putting stuff in because I don't like carrying multiple suitcases. I just want everything to be in one suitcase and that's it. So, we're going to have three total suitcases. So, one for the boys, one for me, and one for Jen. But the one for me and the one for Jen are both like have a lot of extra room in them. So, we're going to put like we need the swim bag and stuff like that. that. So, we've got like a big bag that we can take with us and we're going to put that in here so we can like put that in and then we'll have a bag that we can take with us to go somewhere um if we like leave where we're at without taking a whole suitcase or anything like that. And then I got toiletries and things like that that I still have to pack. But one of the things that has to happen is I have to take off my my like permanent bracelet that I got out at Disneyland at the Grand Californiaiforn because there is a thing that we're going to do that's like you can't have any jewelry on at all. You got to take off the wedding ring. You got to take off the watch. Got to take off any bracelets. So I'm going to have to take this off and I'm going to take it off here at home so that maybe when we get back I can have it put back on. We'll see. So, I'm going to take it off right now. It's also really funny because we're going someplace tropical on this trip and it's going to be cold a little bit tomorrow. Like, it's starting to get cold outside right now. But when we get back, supposed to be like in the 40s. By the way, if you have one of these, there is one specific spot that if you're going to cut it off, you should cut. I don't even know if I can get it focused on that. You see that one that's like a circle and not an oval? That's the one that I'm going to cut right there. So, let's just get it in there. Give it a quick little Oh, these are not sharp. I might have to use a different pair. I know this is like harder than it should be. There it goes. Yeah. All right. Oh, it feels weird. Feels like I should have something on there. So, this is the little piece that came out. I don't even know if I can Oh, where did it go? Yeah. So, I cut that little piece right there. And this is the bracelet right there. So, I will uh I do I I am definitely going to put it back on. Like get that somebody to put it back on because both kids like play with this thing non-stop. I like how it looks like a little like I'm touching a worm or something and it doesn't like that I'm touching it. Like when I do this, it's like I don't like that. Also, the thing that we're doing tomorrow is something we've never done before, and it is not theme park related. Theme park adjacent, but not theme park related. So, it was hard to pick out clothes for the trip because everything that I have is like related to Disney or Universal. So, I it was hard for us to like we had to like really go through our clothes. It wasn't just like packing for a Disney trip, just like throw in those Disney shirts. This one was like, "Okay, where are these shirts? What are we going to wear? What are we doing? So, we are back from our trip now. And I did want to say I think we figured out a pretty good like our packing I think was good. I think we did a good job of packing. There was only two things that I didn't wear. Oh, by the way, I fully lost my voice on this trip. That's how much fun we had. I was We were whooping it up. Oh, we were hooping and hollering. But I did it. Yeah, it was it was a lot a lot of fun. I can't wait for you guys to see those videos. They are going to be very long, which is why this video is going up first to give me a little bit of a break because the um I didn't want to the editing was going to take me a minute. So, yeah, we uh Yeah, but you know what's funny though? Yeah, I think we've kind of got our packing down pretty like to a pretty good science. Yeah, we'll see cuz I've got another we've got another trip coming up that we have to pack extra light for. What? Surprise. Is it a surprise for me, too? No, no, you know about it. I'll tell you after we're done recording. So, and I think one thing that's interesting is that the stuff that we picked for this trip is stuff that we bought for the very first cruise that we ever went on. H um and that's one thing that I really like is that when people come on vacation, I like like people watching when we're out at Disney. And one thing that I like seeing is people that buy like full outfits for their vacation and like it's not something that they would normally wear. They're like, "We're going to Florida. We got to get something tropical. You or or you think you don't I think I don't I don't know these people, but like you know and I like that. I like seeing people's outfits. I like seeing what people wear. But the other thing that I like seeing is that in the summer people have to wear like clothes that they can sweat in. Big hats, workout clothes. Yeah. Big hat. Big hat with fans. Um because it's Florida and it's 1,000° here. Yeah. And so um yeah, it's interesting. Interesting. Although it is January right now, so we uh we packed for warmer weather. However, when we got home today, the feels like was 29°. Yeah. So, very, very chilly. Uncommon for Florida. And it's already starting to warm up now. It's already 60° outside. So, sometimes when people say like, "What should we pack?" I don't know. pack for 29 degrees to 60 degrees cuz right now 60 degrees in the sunshine I'm in it's shorts like I could be wearing shorts and a t-shirt right now but this morning I needed two jackets long pants and like shoes and everything because because it was very cold so also that's the other thing is people will look at the temperature because it was 41° but the feels like was 29 because of the humidity and the wind. Sorry, I was going to tell you we are pretend catching Pokemon and Oliver caught a Pidgeotto. Oh, Pidgeot. He's very excited about um Pidgeotto right now. One Pidgeoto last um when we were doing something. What did What did you catch? Um um a Pidgeoto one time, but now I catch it two. Where's he going? Now you caught it two times. No. Um I um try to catch it more. Oh, he loves catching Pikachu. He wants to try to catch more and more. Are those like powerful Pokémon? Nope. Oh, okay. He just likes I want to catch it. Oh, go get it. Let's go catch it. So, I can't wait for you guys to see this series that we have coming up, and I think you guys will be excited to see it, too. At least I hope you guys will be. So, all in all, it was a fantastic few days leading up to this trip. Look forward to a lot of videos coming out from our trip that we just got back from. And also, if you don't follow us on Instagram, you can find out what our trip was on Instagram right now, you could see it all. So, I want to say thank you guys for watching today's video. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. But now, it's time to pay the price.
