---
video_id: msECs7en_MU
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disney's Hollywood Studios March 2026! Merch Hot Takes, Brown Derby Lunch & Park Updates!"
published: 2026-03-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msECs7en_MU
---
Today's video is sponsored by Turo. More on that in just a little bit. >> Good morning from Disney's Hollywood Studios. A little bit windy, a little bit chilly today, but not Hopefully it'll warm up. Hopefully, it doesn't rain on us. >> It is supposed to rain a little bit later, but uh I I welcome I for one welcome the rain. >> Right now, it's 10:30 and it is 74° and breezy. >> I wish I brought my sweater. It's kind of cold. >> Once we get in and the wind start or the buildings start blocking the wind, I think we'll be okay. >> But we're here today. We're going to give you guys a little bit of a construction update. We're going to kind of meander about and >> I want to see if there's any low weight times. If there are, I would like to ride some rides. >> Okay. I can tell you there'll be one low weight time. >> What? >> Star Tours. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Consistently low weight time. >> Oh, no. >> Um, and then we're going to get some lunch, too. >> So, it'll be a fun park day >> with a tiny little construction update in there. >> Let's go inside. Bo, what do you know? >> B knows Coke. >> I feel like What do you think B thinks we should do first? Oh, we should probably check the wait times. >> Oh, he he did say we should probably go to the bathroom first. >> Oh, okay. >> Sorry. He's been holding it since 19 1989. >> Oh, no. Well, no. Think of Bo. >> Oh, this crowd looks pretty thick, but the park did open fairly recently, so I do understand that this is like the first wave of people coming in. But we will be checking the wait times. And I think we might head back towards Tower of Terror because I want to check on the construction of Rock and Roller Coaster first. So, we turned down Sunset here and we're making our way down towards the Tower of Terror and towards Rock and Roller Coaster. So, if you guys haven't heard the news, they have shut down Rock and Roller Coaster because they are removing Aerosmith from it and adding in the Muppets, which I'm extremely happy about. We're getting our very first scooter animatronic and that'll be in the, if you guys are familiar with Rock and Roller Coaster, when Stephen Tyler asked for backstage passes, that scene, the studio scene, that's where we'll get our scooter animatronic. We're also trying to figure out where we're going to eat lunch today. So, we have asked the Discord, which is part of our Patreon Discord, where we should eat today. So, we'll let them answer and we'll let you guys know what the outcome is a little bit later in the video. All right, just checking. Tower of Terror says that it's a 50minute wait right now. There are not a lot of rides open at Hollywood Studios right now, so understandable that this would be a 50-minute wait. As soon as it happens, we will be here taking a thousand photos in front of the sign when it says Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets. You can sort of see that it used to say starring Aerosmith, but they have ripped those letters off and said, "So long, Aerosmith." >> Here's what I want. This is what I want Disney to do. I want them to put the characters in the car. >> Oh, yeah. >> Like upset. I don't know who's who's Dr. Teeth. >> Dr. Teeth. >> Yeah. like hanging upside down like what? >> Janice with her hair flopping. >> Wouldn't that be so fun? >> That would be fun. >> I think that's a missed opportunity. They should do that. >> Okay, maybe they will. >> You never know. >> I'll be back. I'll be back to look. >> Let's call him. Is there somebody we can call? >> Um Josh. >> Josh. You know what I was thinking about the other day? >> So, when it was Bob Iger >> Yeah. >> Everybody called him Bob Iger. When it was Bob Cheek, everybody called him either Bob Cheek or Cheek >> or Eggman. >> Or Eggman. But now that it's Josh, everybody calls him Josh. Well, because they have like a parasocial relationship with Josh, I think. Like he's like an influencer in his own way, you know? Like they love Josh. >> Yeah. >> Right. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I love Josh. >> Oh, >> I think they should make shirts. >> Who? Disney or just like >> an Etsy person? >> An Etsy person. >> Make make an I love Josh shirt. I'll wear it. >> And they have started repainting this. I don't I'm going to call this a Cadillac. It's very similar to a Cadillac. This isn't a specific style of car, but I believe it was based off of a Cadillac. looks like it was based off of a Cadillac, but they started repainting it to look more like a Muppets's car. Very whimsical, very fun, very colorful, very music noty, reminiscent of the bus that Dr. Teeth in the Electric Mayhem. >> So, Dr. Teeth should be in the car. >> Put him in the car in there. And I like that it's like a matte color because the Muppets wouldn't have taken this to a body shop to have it painted. They would have just painted it themselves. >> Oh, that's true. with like paint that they found in a barn somewhere >> when they thought that they've left Rhode Island, but they haven't actually or Long Island. I forget. And moving right along. They're leaving New York, right? Speaking of road trips, let's have a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Turo. Turo is a better way to rent whenever you need a car. Turo has reinvented the rental car experience as we know it by creating a marketplace of hundreds of thousands of vehicles listed by a vast network of local hosts across the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and Australia. With traditional car rentals, you pick a category and you hope for the best. But when you rent through Turo, you pick the exact car that you want. Do you want a fun electric minivan? How about a cool convertible? I was able to find all of these types of cars on Turo in the Orlando marketplace. And renting them through Turo is super easy. Turo removes the hassle and rigidity of traditional car rentals and gives customers the freedom to choose the exact vehicle that they want, pick it up where it is most convenient, and keep it as long as they want. Turo is also available at over 170 airports across the United States and Canada. This means that you can book the exact car that you want ahead of your trip and have it waiting at the airport's Turo location when you land. You never have to worry about waiting in line at the rental counter. Or you could have the car delivered to where you're staying and save time and make it super convenient. We used Turo when I went to Vegas and the last time that we went to Hawaii. The process was so simple. For Vegas, we picked the car up right at the airport. I just booked the car ahead of time and checked the Turo app when I landed for the exact instructions on where the car was parked. Depending on the airport, you'll pick the car up at the designated airport parking lots, garages, or even curbside. Then I got in the car and headed right to my hotel. And for Hawaii, we picked up and returned the car right at the hotel we were at. I didn't even have to go anywhere. And we were able to add car seats right in the Turo app, so we didn't have to lug those along while we traveled. It was so simple. And best of all, no waiting at the rental counter so I could get right to my vacation. I know a lot of you all are going to be traveling this spring. So be sure to check out the Turo app and book the exact car that you want. Turo is a better way to rent whenever you need a car. So, thank you to Turo for sponsoring today's video. And be sure to click the down below or use the QR code on the screen to try Turo for yourself. And now back to the video. Also, the second that they switch this soundtrack over to Muppets, we'll be here. We will be here. Oh my goodness. Look at all the scrim around this. Holy cow. What do you think? They're repainting the guitar, too. Oh, they might be to match the car. Okay, that would be pretty awesome. And they covered over the Aerosmith poster there because that will turn into a Muppets poster. This is exciting. So, if you guys remember back, this used to say like rock and roller coaster starring Aerosmith sponsored by Hannes on a little like guitar pick. For a while, the Hannes thing was gone cuz Hannes wasn't sponsoring it. But now, it's all covered up and ready to be repainted and rethemed to the Muppets. That is what the uh that is what the guitar is going to look like starring the Muppets. So, it looks like they are going to remove the guitar pick. >> Oh, >> okay. >> Cuz it's not sponsored by Hannes anymore. >> Well, it hasn't been sponsored by Hannes for a while. >> Oh, no. Who's it sponsored by? >> Sponsored by Tortoiselle guitar pick. >> Oh, no. >> Okay. Which one are you going to be? >> Which I'm going to be this guy wearing the Electric Mayhem vest. Battle battle vest. >> I'm going to be >> Oh, she has a zoot. She has a zoot tattoo. Let's go. >> You going to get You should get >> I'm going to go get this zoot tattoo on my back. >> Wow. I think I'm going to be this one with the teeth jacket and the um the neon bracelets. >> I don't think I've ever met a person that's so much of a fan of Zoot that they got a tattoo. >> What is Zoot? >> Zoot's one of the guys in the Electric Mayhem. >> Oh, see I don't even know. I'm not a real fan. >> I'm going to bring you up a picture of him >> cuz it's hard to see in this. >> If I had to think about what I thought he looked like, I would think he was a Cuz they're Muppets, right? So they're like they're like interesting shapes. >> Well, just think of everybody in the Electric Mayhem. >> I can't I can't even picture that. I if I had I would think that he has a head like Hey, Arnold. Like a football head. >> Okay. Turn it the other way. >> Oh, okay. Like a >> more like an egg. >> An egg head. Okay. He's an egg head with I'm going to say green hair. >> Okay. Close. >> Um a muppety style nose. >> Yeah, of course. >> Maybe it's pink pink nose. >> Uh greenish yellow. >> Okay. What does he look like? I'm way off. >> Okay. You're doing great. You're doing great. He's the one playing the saxophone here. >> Oh my gosh. I I do know this man. Yeah, you I know this man. >> That's Zoot. >> Okay. >> I'm such a fan of him. I actually have a tattoo on my lower back. >> Wild. >> But yeah, he's kind of He can't really see cuz this sort of is like, you know, >> we should dress. We should dress like them. >> Yeah. Let's go. >> Who are you going to be? Are you going to be Zoo? >> I'll be Janice. >> No, I think I >> But wait, is he I thought he was wearing socks and sandals. No, he's wearing Burks. He just has Muppet feet. >> He's He's got Burks on. >> I know, but I thought that those were socks. No, they're just his feet. >> His little blue little blue puppy toes. >> Yes. >> Wow. Okay. >> I didn't think he looked like that, >> man. >> Why did this show get cancelled? >> I feel like it's got to come back, right? >> This is going to be like the resurgence. Like, bring it back. Bring it back. >> If you Disney, I promise 100%. If you guys bring back the zoo tattoo, >> I'll get the zoo tattoo. >> Yeah, I'll I won't I'll be there. I'll watch him get it. >> But I will get it. Probably not on my upper shoulder cuz there's already tattoos there. >> Lower back. >> Lower back tattoo. >> Lower back tattoo. >> Okay. >> With his face. >> With his face. But when he's not wearing a hat. >> Oh, yeah. >> Because he's balding. >> You know what he kind of looks like when you saw >> Oh, just kidding. Never mind. He doesn't look like Okay. He's bald. All right. He's got like the clown bald. >> Yeah. Disney, could you not find any Muppet specific like >> Oh, yeah. >> quotes. >> What's a Muppet quote? Monomina or like uh why are there so many songs about rainbows? So right now shop and roll is just selling Disney villains merchandise because the villain show is over here but one day one day it will be chocked full of Muppet stuff. So a lot of this merch was available on the Disney Destiny. >> Maybe that's I was like I feel like I've seen this before. Okay. >> Yeah. >> I think this would be a good one. >> Specifically this design first time I saw it was on the Disney Destiny. Can I tell you can I give you a hot take about merch? >> What? >> Can I show you something that I do not like? >> Yes. >> That everybody likes. >> What? >> I don't want to make anybody mad, but like this is a piece of Disney merch that I absolutely despise. >> What? >> Okay. >> Oh my goodness. >> What's it going to be? >> Oh, these these glasses. >> These glasses. >> Oh no. >> I like I hate these glasses. >> Oh no. >> I don't know what it is. I just really dislike them. Okay, let me see. >> They look pretty cool. >> Do I? >> Yeah. >> Hold on. Do I love them? >> Do I love them? >> You know what we need to get though now that we're old? Some Disney reading glasses. >> There's no mirrors. That's how people buy them cuz you can't see how silly you look in them. >> What? >> There's no mirrors. >> Oh, there's no mirrors. This is how you got to check it. >> I just don't like them. I don't know. >> What's What's something that everybody loves that you don't love at Disney? >> This style of glasses. The Vipers. The Vipers. >> In Marvel. Who wears them in Marvel? Uh, probably Hawkeye. He seems like a guy that would wear those. >> Okay, >> now that you've given your hot take, I'm going to take you over to your sign down there. >> What sign? Oh, cuz I'm >> still in the sign. >> It's hot. I don't want to make people mad, but I just want to be honest. >> People love those glasses. >> I don't understand it. I really don't. I made people upset with the bag, too. The big the big bag. >> Oh, yeah. >> Hate that thing. >> Oh, no. You should stop saying hate. >> Strongly dislike. >> Yeah. Strongly dislike that bag. Sorry. Sorry. >> All right. First in line. We'll just be waiting right here. See, I knew that Disney could do it. A construction theme sign to the Muppets. We're moving right along. Oh, I do like that we're keeping lock and roll parking systems. I'm a graduate. Gonzo Stunt School Hollywood. >> So, because I'm a Disney villain, I have to go to my show. >> Oh, yeah. We're You haven't seen the show yet? >> I've never seen the show. It's called Villains >> Unfairly Ever After. >> Unfairly Ever After. I just I want to see who wins. >> Yeah. >> Who's the the outcome? Who's the successor? >> For me, it was Captain Hook. The la the one time that I saw it. >> He's cool. I like his uh look. I really like his outfit. I I like his nose. I think it looks great. >> So, from the queue for Villains Ever After, we can see into the queue for Rock and Roller Coaster. Not much to see in there. Just a sign that says Project Team Only. So, that's not us. We don't get to look in there. >> Oh, no. Also, um I think we've timed this poorly cuz it's going to rain at noon and we're going to go see the show at 11:00. >> Oh. and come right there show that we can see at noon >> for an indoor queue. >> Yeah, we can go see the mermaid show if you want to. >> Oh, I haven't seen that in a while actually. No, I never saw that. >> Right. >> The new one. >> I edited the video. Sometimes when I edit the video, I feel like I saw it. I feel like I was there, but I wasn't. >> Seeing every show at Disney's Hollywood Studios, >> two of them. >> Yeah. Is there new Indiana? >> Oh, yeah. And I They made some changes because >> Did they take out the huge ball? >> I don't know if they took it out. All right, we've made it in. A lot of mirrors. Some of them broken. I hear that's bad luck. >> Oh, for the days when only one villain summoned me. A queen with a question. You know how it goes. We must pause the current scene resuming soon. I do foresee been writed back to the woes the mirror cited. >> See what happens. >> Bubbles are back. mean we must fall. >> So these mirrors move and they keep failing on it. >> Soon I do see >> they got to reset the the mirrors and stuff. Having some technical difficulties is what's happening. This performance of Disney Villains Unfairly Ever After must be cancelled. >> So, we tried to watch Villains Unfairly Ever After, but they were having some technical difficulties with the moving set pieces and they weren't moving the way that they were supposed to for the show to flow correctly. So, they tried to reset it twice. >> Yeah. >> But after all that, it just failed. So, they need to spend some more time figuring out what the actual issue was. So, they canled our showing of it. >> I was really excited to see Hook. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, I'd like to try to see it again. Maybe not today, but on our next trip. >> Yeah. >> Still haven't seen the whole show. >> From what you saw, what did you think of it? >> I liked it. I thought it was cute. Yeah, I think it's going to be like a nice place to sit in the cool AC and if it's raining, you can pop in there. I like that there are lots of showings. I like that it's a shorter show. >> Um I don't know. I liked it. >> Let me show you all the show times. Pain and panic up there. Let's see here. 10:30, 11:10, 11:50, 12:30, 110, 150, 230, 310, 350, 4:30, 510, 550, 6:30, 710, 750. >> I mean, you could just >> with room for three more. >> Yeah, >> you could sit here and just watch it the entire time you're out there. >> Yeah. I did I like the theater, though. I thought the theater was really cool. I like like all of the screens. I thought that was neat. >> I do think we will have to get some uh rock and roller coaster starring the Muppets under construction 2026. Have a Bean Bunny one. Let's go. All right, so we got all four of them here. >> Remember when they used to put them on real pennies? >> Yeah. >> I kind of wish they were on real pennies and not just like a piece of whatever copper or whatever. >> They look nice, though. >> Yeah, they're cool. Oh, Gonzo. Wait, is that Gonzo? Yeah, right. >> Yeah, Gonzo's down here. >> Okay. >> And then here are the other designs. You've got Gonzo, Sam Eagle, uh Bunson, and Beaker. Oh, I like this cute little Mickey spaceman. >> Oh, yeah. It looks nice. Trying to I'm color coordinating, so I'm trying to find a a space for her over here. Oh yeah. Oh, I love the pride one. Is that like >> That's so cool. >> I think it has a diamond cuz it's uh real. >> Wow. Yeah, that's cool. >> Starting to feel a little bit more crowded down here as the day progresses, but we're going to head towards Toy Story Land. >> Oh, yeah. So, I asked in the Discord, where should we eat lunch? And they said, "Why don't you try Roundup Rodeo Barbecue?" >> Haven't been to a while. Well, a lot of them did say brown derby, >> but we went I think we went there on our last trip here, >> I feel like. >> I don't know. But it's been longer since we've been to Roundup Rodeo. >> So, we're going to check and see if we can do the walk up. There's no available reservations >> until 3. >> Yeah. And we have to leave to get Jackson from school. So, we're going to see if we can walk up. And if not, then maybe we'll check round derby. >> Yeah. Passing by Real Vogue. They've got some Toy Story shirts out here. I like this one with the green alien. He looks cool. Three sunglasses. Cool. Oh man. Yeah. And green aliens on the shoes on the headband. It's perfect. So, we're passing by what used to be the animation courtyard will now be the Walt Disney Studios courtyard. And we know that a lot of stuff in here is going to be opening on May 26th. But right now, we're not seeing too much difference beyond the walls. You can see a little bit back here where Launch Bay used to be. Kind of some scrim, a little bit of painting happening, some scaffolding, but other than that, nothing. We also can see the marquee for the Little Mermaid, the show. And you can still go to the Little Mermaid show. You just have to go around the construction malls right there. So, back here where Launch Bay is, will be an animation experience. That won't be opening on May 26th. But the new show back here, it'll be Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live will be opening on May 26th, as well as the rest of the outside area of the courtyard. Yeah. So, here's the sign. The Little Mermaid and Musical Adventure. And you can see we can go kind of behind the walls, but the walls do continue over there. And that's the Little Mermaid right there. People are in line for it right now. And if you miss it, there's a sign here that tells you Toy Story this way, Star Wars this way, Little Mermaid. Turn around. You can meet the live action aerial and get a preview of Hoppers here in Walt Disney Presents, as well as learn a little bit of history about Walt Disney. Here's a fun fact. Did you guys know that the voice of this is not actually Tom Celich? >> It's not Tom Celic. >> It's me. What's his name? Tom Hanks. All right. So, we checked on the app and it said it was a 45minute wait. So, we're going to go in and see what our name. What >> I said up for barbecue. >> Oh, where does it say that? Oh, right there. >> So, we checked here at the booth. They said when we looked online, there was no tables available. And we figured, well, let's go up and ask the podium. She said, she said if it says there's no tables available online, that's the same thing that we have in our computer, too. So, no tables available currently. >> And she did say that if you if you book a reservation for two, there's three of us here today. And if you book for two and you have three, they won't seat you, right? >> So, just as an FYI. >> All right. So, we did check online and we were able to get a reservation for the Hollywood Brown Derby in about 40 minutes. 55 minutes for Toy Story Mania. Here comes Slinky Dog again. Such a fun roller coaster. Josh, tomorrow, this is a message directly to you. Slinky Pete meet and greet when >> right. Put him in the box. >> Oh, that'd be fun. >> Be great. >> Yeah, good idea. >> So, Slinky Dog is a 90minute wait. Look at this line for Woody's lunchbox. It's a big one. It's rolling. >> Let's go. >> 45 minutes. >> Is it >> What? How much time do we have till lunch? >> 45 minutes. >> All right, so 45 minutes for sali swirling saucers. It's a little long. I think we're going to go over to Star Tours. Huh. Seems like we've made our way to another planet with some black spires on it and an outpost and some stormtroopers. That doesn't seem safe. I feel like if I had an Imperial Army and I was making some some armor for some troopers of mine, probably wouldn't make it out of like ABS plastic. Probably make it out of something a little bit one easier to see out of so they could aim and two a little bit sturdier. Maybe something that's laser blaster resistant. Over here by the junkyard, uh it seems like there's a little bit of construction happening. Maybe a little wall to help hide the junkyard, keep it a little bit back in the back. There's construction in literally every area of the >> That's the rebirth. The renaissance every Is that what it is? >> Yeah. >> I guess you can't have a Renaissance with a little scrim, you know? You got to have got to have a little scrim, >> right? It's also good to know that on like other worldly planets, they do the same thing, you know? Everything is built the same. Couple of pieces of plywood and some doors. >> That's true. >> You think it's called something different here? >> Yeah. I don't know. That's a good question. It's called >> Squim. >> I don't know. Sorry. Yeah. They call it the junkyard cuz that's what they call it. That's like it's it's like rebel name cuz it's a hidden it's a front >> Yeah. >> for Savvi's workshop where you build lightsabers. >> It's like the car washes in Breaking Bad. >> Yeah. Mattress stores in real life. >> Oh, there's Dingjarun with Grou as well. I like I like his boots. >> Those are cool. Got to wait for him to call you over. So, we're just all kind of standing around just waiting. >> Wait for the Mandalorian to either call you forward or to it. Our lady did it. She got to meet the Mandalorian. >> We did it. >> I had so many questions for Dingjaren. >> Well, I you know, there's too many people that want to meet him. It's not a It's not a meet and greet where you can like chat with him. >> Yeah. >> You know, you got to like remember that other people want to see him too, >> right? But I wanted to know like his favorite food. >> I wanted Have you ever eaten at Woody's Roundup Rodeo? What's your favorite dish? >> That's cool with me. It's not my favorite, but I'll do it for you. >> Okay. Some tenacious deed out of nowhere. But I also wanted to know like what uh what's his favorite planet is? >> Oh, it's the one he's from, right? >> I don't know. >> What's What planet is he from? >> Mandalore. >> Oh, yeah. Duh. >> Uh-oh. Yeah. One of the one of the uh I don't know what you call it. Spaceships. They're not It's not like an X-wing or anything, but it is behind walls. >> What are they called? Space vehicles. I I don't think they call them spaceships. No, they would call >> like their cars. It's like here we call them cars. >> We don't call them earth cars. >> But if an alien were to come, what would they call it? >> Earth car. Terra car. >> Would they? >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. >> Terra vehicle. Terra. Terra. Well, whatever their language is. We could wait a cool 165 minutes for Rise of the Resistance. >> Wow. >> We went down earlier today, so I imagine. >> Let me ask you a little bit of time. >> And I want I want to know your answers, too. I want to ask you, but I want to ask you as well. How long would you wait for Rise of the Resistance? >> It's possibly going to rain. So, this is an outdoor queue. >> Most of it's outdoor. There is some indoor, >> but you could get rained on. Keep that in mind. How long would you wait to ride that ride? >> What's your >> 40 minutes if it's not hot? >> Okay. >> If it's 90° outside, 10. >> I'd buy the Lightning Lane, I think. >> Yeah. >> Okay. What do you guys I want to hear your answers. >> Keep in mind, I've ridden it multiple times, >> so >> that does play into it. If it was my first time ever riding it, I'd wait to 165. >> So, we waited for greenots on opening day. We waited five hours. Is that 165? >> I don't know. More than that. >> Do the math. >> More. >> Not. You guys know how good at math I am. >> Oh, yeah. 6 * 6 6 + 6 is 120. 120 + 120 240. That's four. >> So, 320. 300. 300 minutes. We waited. >> Who's here? Goofy and Max. >> Yes. >> Goofy's not wearing his like vacation shirt. >> No. >> Oh my goodness. Oh man, they're doing a lot of work on these buildings back here for Monsters Inc. Oh man, Gonzo's bathrooms gone. Taking off the facades of things. Pizzerizo still hanging out though. Still still keeping it cool at Pizza Rizzo. I have a Pizza Rizzo shirt I haven't worn in a long time. I'm going to start wearing it. There's a lot happening back here. Oh man, it is exciting, but it is sad at the same time that we lost out on Muppets. But yeah, this is looking back in there. That's what's going to be the door coaster kind of back in that area. I think it might be around this little corner here, but I think the building So, the building that we're looking at will become Harry Housen's. All right. So, I know we said we were going to go ride Star Tours, but we like stopped along the way to meet Mando and then we talked to some people on the way. So, we kind of used up our time that we would have ridden Star Tours and now we have to head over to our reservation at Brown Derby. So, that's where we're headed to right now. All right, we've made it back over to the Hollywood Brown Derby and the band that was out here. All they do is work, work, work, work, work. They're still playing the same song they were listening to earlier. But now we're heading into Hollywood Brown Derby for some lunch. There it is. Brown Derby. And if Joe were here, he'd be playing piano in here. There's the Brown Derby. Oh, it smells like steak in here. I wanted to get the salad, but I kind of want the steak. Smells like steak. All right, here's a quick look at the menu, but they're famous for their Cobb salads. Lunch just get the cob salad, but I kind of want that fillet cuz I smelled it on the way in. >> Oh my gosh, it smells It's actually like smells so wonderful in here. I was I was a little bit like, do we want to go to Brown Derby? We kind of come here often. Yeah, you do. You want to come to Brown Derby? I think you do. >> So, we're I think we're going to split the cop salad. >> Yeah. >> I think get an appetizer. What kind of appetizer do you want? >> Um, I don't know. >> Should we just get another salad? Let's just go ham on the side. >> Let's do do salad. salad. All right, so we ordered our food, but our server said that there is some new items on the menu for this season, like the hamachi is new, the uh soup is new, so that they changed the fillet plating a little bit. The pork is a little bit different. >> Yeah, she said that the seafood frazzola um used to be they used to be having a salmon dish and now it's this one. That actually sounds pretty good. >> Seafood fragola or frisa? >> Oh, did I say it wrong? >> Yeah, seaf seafood fragola. I don't know what fragola means, though. But let's Google it. >> Oh, okay. >> From Sardinia. >> A small beadlike pasta from Sardinia. >> Yeah. It's uh made from semolina flour and water rolled into tiny balls. >> Oh, sort of like >> then they toast it. Giving it giving it a nutty flavor. So the balls are nutty. >> Okay. >> And they're a little chewy. Similar to a couscous. >> I was about to say similar to a couscous. Was couscous a pasta? >> I think so. >> Yeah. >> Do I need to look up couscous now? >> No. What's the other one that's like a little tiny ball? Couscous. >> No, no, just bigger than that. The size of a a pee. Maybe it's fragola. >> I think it might be couscous. Let me see. >> Couscous is tiny, right? >> Let's look. >> Oh, okay. There's like bigger and smaller couscous. >> So, what's the difference between couscous and >> one's from uh Sardinia? And the other one is >> from Govia. >> Goia. >> Wait, just kidding. >> You're the princess. >> Uh the other one's from from the Greek Isles. I don't know where it's It is a Moroccan Mediterranean dish. A Moroccan style dish. >> John Stamos would have eaten this in his childhood. >> That's true. Do you remember on Full House when his twin brother or cousin came from Greece? >> No. >> Remember that? >> No. >> You don't remember that? >> I don't think I ever watched Full House. >> Oh, I did. You didn't watch Full House? >> I watched it occasionally, but I wasn't like not like a staple of my childhood. >> Right. They brought us out some bread. >> I like how it's like a a secret. >> It's like a little a little baby. They're like, "Here's a secret loaf of a secret uh bowl of bread." >> I love it. >> And they brought us out some butter, too. And they said the butter on the butter is flaky sea salt. >> Yeah. My kind of salt. >> I know. Forgetful. >> For what? >> Forgetful. >> It's flaky. >> Oh. >> All right. Here is the world famous Cobb salad. It's got everything. >> This dish has everything. It's got spit roasted turkey, bacon, egg, tomato, blue cheese, chive, avocados. Classic dressing. I don't know what that means. What's a classic dressing? >> Classic dressing. >> Classic dressing. >> Then we got the steak. And the steak is rhubarb, red wine, demiglaze, yukon, gold potato, and brazed endai. And this is a file. >> I'm going to mix up our salad. Do the Swedish chef. They have >> Let's see. I feel like they do a better job than I would. >> You're doing great. >> Look at that. Ooh, it looks so Oh, yeah. Look at that. >> So colorful. >> Maybe Maybe we We asked for light dressing. Maybe we shouldn't have. You know, >> that's a little creamy. Yeah. Look at that. >> I got to say, shout out to the chef that cut this Cobb salad up. >> Oh my god. It's so finely like shredded. >> It's good. You think there's a machine or you think somebody's just back there with like a butcher knife chopping up salad? >> I think somebody's back there. Okay. Pretty evenly chopped. >> Yeah. >> It's delicious, though. >> I think they buy the shreds at Publix. >> Oh, this get shredded cheese. Shredded shredded life from Publix. All right. >> You want me to cut it like in half? Like this way? >> No, the other way. >> This way? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> So, we got the Cobb salad that we split and then we're getting the fillet that we're splitting as well. >> Let's see. We asked for medium, >> but it has been Oh my goodness, that looks good. >> Ooh, perfect. >> That's a good medium. I was about to say it's been sitting since while we're eating the salad, but looking good. >> Pretty delicious. >> Yum. I'm excited. I like how they gave us two potatoes, six of these little things. >> We don't know what those are. >> Two of these guys. >> And I got that one. >> It's perfect for sharing. >> I think that this combination that we had of the food here at Brown Derby, best combination there is. >> Oh, yeah. >> Steak with the salad. >> Can't go wrong. The sides on the steak a little bit salty. >> Oh my the the potatoes are so they taste good. I love salt. Don't get me wrong. These are overly salty. And the um some pieces of my steak are super salty, too. But not every piece. >> Yeah. >> So, and now that I'm like older, when I have too much salt, it makes me feel almost hung over. Like it really dehydrates me in a way that's like I when I was in my 20s, I could eat a ton of salt. I can't know. Especially on a hot day like we'll tell you it's not really that hot, but on a hot day in Florida. >> Yeah, >> it would it would knock you out. >> It's very flavorful. Just a little too salty. So, I think if they cut back on the salt, it would be perfect. And the steak really is just so tender and cooked so well. I would order this again. And I would just like hope that it was less salty next time. But good for sharing. >> All right, before we leave, I wanted to walk around and have a look at some of these uh characters on the wall. caricatures on the wall. Bob Clampet. >> Oh, >> is that Lucille Ball with the red lips? >> No, >> she our server said um which by the way, our server is Lynn Rose. She was really great. Highly recommend asking for her. But she said that she had red lips. Lucille Ball. >> Yeah, but there are other people with red lips, too. Oh, I thought >> she was just pointing out the one that was Lucille. >> Oh, yeah. This lady has red lips. >> Oh, yeah. See, that's definitely not Lucille Ball. >> Yeah. You know who I like? >> Who? >> This one. at the very top. >> Yeah. Look at his eyeball. >> Oh, yeah. >> He's creepy. >> He's scary looking, ain't he? >> So, Oh, this is a picture of the actual brown derby from Hollywood. >> They're not characters. They're just photos. What? >> Well, and I feel like the characters, they look they're kind of like me. >> Are they Are they supposed to be like making fun of them? >> Maybe a little bit. >> Okay, >> there's Roy Rogers. I know that name. Also, they do have a rep of the bamboo room here. The original bamboo room in the Hollywood Brown Derby's first cocktail lounge opened on February 6th, 1936. From palm trees and bamboo chairs to exotic zebra prints and a faux sand floor. Faux sand. >> Faux sand. Okay. >> Uh, the bamboo room possessed a distinct tropical theme. This South Seas influence was popular in Hollywood restaurants and nightclubs throughout the 1920s and 30s. >> It's cool in here. >> So, this is like a private room that they can close the doors to. So, like maybe if a celebrity comes in here, they can be seated back in here. I like this lamp. It's cool. It smells very like uh uh earthy in here. >> So, we used to live in this house that had like a big outdoor porch area, but it was kind of like a livable space >> and it smelled like this. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It doesn't smell bad, but it definitely It smells like wood. >> Smells like the air conditioning could run a little bit more in here. >> I love it though. It's cool. >> Yeah. some woodcarved pineapples up here and palm leaves. >> It just feels so like out of place in this restaurant. It's very It's interesting. >> Another interesting thing about the photos or the paintings, they got the gold frame ones. The gold frame ones are musicians. Jimmy Rogers up there. The crew cuts. >> Oh, >> four. The four aces. The guy up at the top looks like the guy from Mad Magazine. >> The Ahmed brothers. >> Doesn't he kind of look like that to cartoon guy? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> There's a rin tin there on the corner. >> What do they reuse some? We already saw this man. >> Roy Rogers. I think Yeah, they've reused some for sure. >> Huh. >> Stevie Wonder, Willie Nelson, Harry James, Carlton Carpenter. >> I thought it said Carlton. I was like, what an old timey name. >> I thought you said Carlton. and Jackie Gleason. Look at this one with the word Ed in the hat. >> That's wild looking. >> Feel like we're like best friends. >> I'm going to go across the way after lunch to go to Keystone Clotheers. See what kind of merch we can see. Oh man, it's not often you see Indiana Jones merch, let alone Indiana Jones action figures. Wow. Holy cow. If I've ever seen anything that looks exactly like Harrison Ford, >> this is not it. >> It kind of looks like Harrison Ford's ghost. >> Okay, look how he's not dead. >> He's so pale. >> He's like >> That's his beard. It's his 5:00 shadow. >> It It looks a little strange. >> Motion activated sounds. >> I'd like to get one of these, meet Harrison Ford, and see what he thinks. His honest thoughts. >> Listen, Harrison Ford is such a grumpy old man. He would take it and throw it in the trash. >> You think he? No. >> Yeah. He'd be like, "Get rid of this. Get this thing out of my face." >> I don't think he would do that. >> I don't know. Miniature relics collection. Is that the Holy Grail? >> They're just out here selling the holing the Holy Grail. >> Is this What is this one? Is this the one? >> That's the idol. That's the one from the ride from the show. >> Ah, >> where he like switches it out with that bag of of like chalk. >> The crystal skull. >> Oh, yeah. Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull. >> What's that one? That's that uh the thing from the top of uh the cane from Jurassic Park. >> Is it? >> No. >> Are they Is it Are they all the same universe? >> No, but I wonder. Let's see here. >> Ah, we should have turned it around. >> The Sankara stone. >> Oh, the fertility idol. Okay. >> Staff of raw headpiece. Oo, >> there it is. Holy grail. >> Crystal. Oh, the dial of destiny. Oh, yeah. >> So, here's let me let me tell you this. I've never seen these movies. >> Any Indiana Jones. >> Never seen a single Indiana Jones. I wanted to watch the Crystal Skull one >> because I liked Shiaabuff at the time. Not anymore. Not Not >> You can say that you like Shyabuff still. >> No, he's kind of like done, you know. He's >> Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to like him as a person. >> Okay. But so >> is it all about Egypt? Does he go to Egypt? >> He goes to a lot of places. He's an archaeologist. >> Oh. >> So places where archaeology happens. >> Egypt. All right. Cool. I like that. I'm going to watch him now. >> You say you've never seen an Indiana Jones. You have now I look like a Canadian Mounty. Is this what India? This is not Indiana Jones's hat. >> Is it not? >> No. This >> Well, his is His is more worn, I think. >> Yeah. This belongs in a museum. >> Is that what he says? >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. Snakes. >> He says snakes. Why does it have to be snakes? >> And then he punches a Nazi in the face. >> Oh, okay. I like that. >> Yeah. >> $60 hat. >> And you, too, could look like Oh my goodness. >> I breathed in some Egyptian dust from his hat. >> Oh, yeah. But you know what this hat reminds me of? Not Indiana Jones. >> No, >> but Doof from the mayor from the movie Scary Movie. >> Dofy. >> Doofy. >> Oh, what's his actual name? >> Oh, what's his name? >> What? He He's >> in the in the regular movie in the in the Scream. >> In Scream? >> Yeah. What's his name? >> I don't know what his character's name is. Dewey. >> Dwey. Okay. >> But he's played by >> David Arette. >> David Arquette. Professional wrestler David Ar. >> I feel like this should be Isn't his hat leather? Yeah, it's not a leather hat. I think it was a leather hat. >> It needs to be >> like I'm from the 40s. >> Widebrim fedora. >> I'm a madman from the 40s. Like here's my Coca-Cola ad, right? >> Yeah. I'd like to give the world a coke. Hello, spring. Love, Walt Disney World. Get your head in the game. >> Oh, look. They have the fertility idol and the crystal skull. That is an alien head. Good times. Rome in Wonderland. >> Oh, I like this. I like it when they do like the the very lightly kind of tie-dye. >> Oh, yeah. It's like uh like the poncho that that Leia wears. >> I like this too. >> The vacation kingdom of the world. The most magical place on earth. >> I like the like cut of this. >> This one looks like a a coat shirt. >> Oh yeah, there's a shirt over here I really like. Let me show you. >> This looks like a like a Back to the Future Michael J. Fox shirt. >> Hiccups. I feel like um remember Johnny Depp when he wore that crop top in >> nightmare comes true. That's what I feel like this is because it kind of feels like a crop top. >> Yeah, >> I like it. >> You should cut it into a crop top. >> No, not for me. >> I'll do it. >> Not for me. You'll do it. You could. Yeah. >> Oh, look at you. >> I found the actual crop top. >> It looks like a baby tea. >> I think it's a crop top. >> You know what? Remember when everybody's wearing baby teas? >> Yeah, I'm wearing one now. >> It's not a baby te kind of sort of wear. >> Come on. Come on. Um, so this is like I'm going to get sucked into the bed and then and then my guts are going to fly out. >> Yeah. Or you're going to be talking on the phone and some like hand is going to come out. >> Oh no. So scary. >> Grab your face. >> Then when you make it through Keystone Clothes, you can just go right across the street over to Disney and Company. See what they've got in there. I don't think it's going to fit you. >> Not for me. >> For all of us. >> Oh yeah. It's 1,000° out now. You better get it two sizes bigger. >> I was a little chilly. >> For when? >> Let me see how much it gets cold again. >> What do you think it is? >> 75. $80. >> Oh, it's close. Disney has finally stepped into the duck market here. So, these are official Disney ducks. Minnie Mouse, Mickey Mouse, Buzz Lightyear, Tiger, Woody, Stitch, Green Aliens, Donald Duck as a duck. I like that. Elsa here, Olaf, Moana, Ariel, Ursula. And they have keychain versions, too, down here. And what's this one? What is >> Is that Angel? It is Angel. Oh my goodness. Oh, I like that they put on there who it is. So you can People like me that are like, "Who is this?" And we can say who it is. The Chubby Chubby Cup. Winging it. See, here it is. We've started it. It started. The Muppets merch is here. A salute to all nations, but mostly America. You had me at Walt Disney World. This is feels like it could have like a double meaning. >> That's not where the Montreal goes. He's got wings. Does she have wings? She doesn't have wings. >> Oh, she's a bunny. >> She's a bunny. Bunnies don't have >> bunnies don't have wings. >> Do you remember that um that Cadbury egg commercial? >> Yeah. >> They were talking about the chicks and the bunnies. >> No, >> I do. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Um I had a shirt though. I was going to mention I had a shirt like this. >> Yeah. >> That looked I still have it. But it's from one of those like um non descript like gift shops. It had the alka ball, the castle, the hat. No, I think it was the the water tower, and then it had um something from SeaWorld, like an orca jumping out of the water, >> and then it had something from Universal. It was like all of them >> in one, but it made it look like they were all at one theme park. >> Yeah. >> It's like one of the coolest shirts. Kind of looks like this. Kind of remind me of that. >> There. There you go. >> Yeah. You know, >> imagine if you could ride the Montreal through the castle. >> Oh my goodness. >> Right. >> Sounds wild. All right. So, while we wait out the rain, that's going to do it for us here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Fantastic day. We wanted to end it out there with Bo, but he's in the rain right now. >> I can't believe he doesn't They don't even give him an umbrella. >> He doesn't care. >> He's just in the rain. >> He's fine. >> But, uh, it was a fantastic day. The food was good. >> We got to see Mando. >> I learned a lot in today's video. >> I learned a lot about the Oh, it's chilly. A lot I learned a lot about the Brown Derby. I've never met Mando, so that was really cool. Can't believe he chose me. >> He said, "I want to meet you." And I said, "Same." >> Oh, >> yeah. But it was a lot of fun. I would like to come back and see the villain show in its full form. >> Oh, yeah. We didn't get to see all of it cuz they shut it down. >> We'll be back for sure. And of course, we have to come and check on the construction updates that are all around the park. So, >> stay tuned for that. >> So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. >> And now, it's time to pay the price. Heat. Heat.
