---
video_id: EeNiimFoj_w
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Taking The Tree Down, Having An Existential Crisis About The Moon & New Hair! | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-01-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeNiimFoj_w
---
Good afternoon. And it's been a while since we've started a video like this. We usually just kind of jump into it, but today home vlog. I think it is about time. It is January 5th for us to take down the Christmas tree. It feels bad taking it down though because it's so nice and festive and I' I've grown accustomed to it being here. But it is time for the Christmas tree to come down. So, I'm going to start bringing down the boxes and stuff like that for the ornaments. There's one last look at it. Oh man. And I can finally take these things. These are like little balance beams that uh the kids have, but I've been using them as a barrier for the robot vacuum so that it it still kind of pushes them around a little bit so it doesn't go up on the skirt there. But yeah, I got to start getting the boxes down and everything ready to be wrapped up as far as the Christmas ornaments go. And you know what I realized? So, we had this one one uh cruise ship ornament that was in a glass bottle and the glass bottle broke cuz it like came unattached. But after that, I think I was like, "Oh, you know what? I'm just going to buy them." And so, we went on the treasure very first this year and I bought the treasure, but then I never bought any other ones. So, we only have the treasure. Even though we went on all of the cruise ships last year, I only have the treasure Christmas ornament. I think I did have a plan to buy all of them, but I failed at that plan. So, I think I need to start that over again. Not going to go on all the cruise ships this year, but everyone that we go on that's different, I'm going to buy one. Remind me. And of course, all of the Christmas stuff is up here above the garage door. It' be easier to get to if I could lower down the garage door, but Oliver's asleep right now, and his room is right there. His bed is like here. So, if I lower down the garage door, you can hear it in his room. So, I have to try to just reach over top of this stuff and get it. And then we'll get the box for the tree last. But I think I can I think it's just these two boxes that I need to get. And then maybe that other box back there. I'm not sure. We'll start with these two. All right. I got at least one box that I can start putting decorations into. But here it goes. Oh, and thus ends another Christmas season. Oh, no. I found an ornament we never put up. It was a a Fort Wilderness ornament with Mickey. I was always afraid that his little tail was going to break off, but it hasn't yet. [music] All right, I'm at a little bit of a stopping point because I need to find the extra like the rest of the boxes for the ornaments, but we forgot. I found this one. And we forgot to put this one up, man. All right. I ordered an ornament organizer. So, when it comes, we'll take all these out of their original boxes and put them in an organizer and then kind of consolidate down some of our Christmas space storage. But right now, Jackson's home. You guys saw him helping out in that time lapse. But you want to go do what? >> Go for a poke walk. >> Yeah. We call that going for a poke walk. When we go and we play Pokémon Go. So, we're going to go out and play Pokémon Go together. We do like a quick walk around the neighborhood and then we come right back. This is something we got Oliver for Christmas. And there's these cards here. Like if you wanted to spell house. Oh, did it here? Hello. Okay. Put house in there. >> You want to put baby in there? >> All right. So, a little card. >> Y >> way to go. >> Yeah. So, I feel like it's doing a good job of like he doesn't know exactly all of his letters yet and so I think it's teaching him the letters and it's also teaching him the like basics of spelling. >> Good job, buddy. >> This is the pizza that we're going to eat tonight. It's a home run in pizza. It's my favorite kind of pizza. It's my favorite kind of frozen pizza at least. What do you guys Do you guys have a favorite kind of frozen pizza? >> Hello and happy Wednesday. Today is Wednesday. Did you guys have anything fun planned for today? We didn't. Well, we do actually. No, that's not true. We do. So, today I had a dentist appointment, which wasn't super fun, but I do love to catch up with my dental hygienist. Um cuz we always chat about, you know, like fun stuff we have going on. So, that was nice. I had a little ble for lunch cuz I'm trying to keep with my like healthy resolution. And uh Ble is pretty healthy. It's kind of like a Chipotle type place, but they have but it's like I don't know what the style of food is. It's kind of like a little bit of everything. They have like rice, salads, and then you you know pick your toppings and your protein and like all that fun stuff. So, it's kind of like one of those healthy kind of places. Although, we did have pizza the other night. So, it's not to say that I don't still have like, you know, in moderation, everything in moderation. But tonight we also have Ann Juliet, which is a play we're going to go see at the Dr. Phillips Center. I don't really know anything about it. I know that people said we would love the music. And if I'm not mistaken, I think it's about like Juliet's side of the story of Romeo Romeo and Juliet or it's about like if she didn't die at the end of Romeo and Juliet. I don't actually know. And I wanted to go in sort of like not knowing. I didn't want to I didn't want to um spoil it. So, we're going to go see that tonight. I think we're going to grab dinner beforehand at one of the like little lounge restaurants kind of right around the theater. So, I think we're going to try to do that just to have like a little nice, you know, like a little little quick date night before the show. And yeah, that's pretty much everything we've got going on today. So, this week is going to be a little bit different than most weeks because we just we had a lot going on and so we're going to we're definitely going to be missing a few days. Um, which I didn't want to miss days, but I that's just how this week's going to go. So, I just wanted to give you guys a heads up and thank you for being patient with us and understanding. We really appreciate it. We definitely needed it and um but we will be getting back to normal here kind of like midmon. So, be on the lookout for some fun stuff midmon. I'm very excited for you guys to see what we have going on. And yeah, I'm just waiting. Tim's putting the baby down for his nap right now. And I am just trying to clean up a little bit before we leave. I also have to run to the post office because I've been selling clothes on Depot, which is kind of like a an online almost like a thrift store, I guess you could call it, but it's like my I have a my shop with like my clothes. Tim's clothes are on there. I was thinking about putting some of the kids clothes on there, but I don't really know how to do that cuz I think I would have to maybe do like a bundle because if you're just selling like one kid shirt, I feel like it's not I think I would do maybe like a bundle of like five shirts or like outfits if that makes sense. But I got to I got to think about how to do that. So, let me know if that's something you'd be interested in. Um, I put a couple of handbags on there. I found my old Coach bags from high school. I had two Coach bags in high school that my grandma actually bought me because she we had family in the Navy and so she would go to the Navy base and buy stuff for like duty-free and all that. So I she bought me two Coach bags from the Navy base when I was in high school when I I think it was actually either when I turned 16 or when I graduated or it might have been one of each. I might have been one when I graduated and one when I turned 16. So I found my old like vintage Coach bags and I had I put one up for sale. So, that was like an exciting find. I didn't think I had those anymore, but I found them in a box and I was like, "Whoa, here they are." So, that was like a fun one. So, I have to run to the post office because I made a couple of sales on there and so I need to send those out today. Um, and then yeah, that's kind of kind of all that's going on today. It was sort of like a nice kind of catch-up day just to get things taken care of before the month really starts. Um, and we have like, you know, other things going on. But um so yeah, so Tim's going to be down in just a second and I'll see you then. >> Recently, I've been having a hard time like getting started vlogging when we're doing home vlogs. It's like uh like muscle memory for me going to the theme park and doing it. But we've been having kind of like doctor's appointments and different things happening where I can't go to the theme park because I need to go to a doctor's appointment and then pick up Jackson and then like so we're having to do we're doing these home vlogs and that's going to change. Don't worry. We are going to be going back to the theme park. We've got two theme park days coming up and then uh we have a big trip and then we are doing like we have nothing else planned for right now. It's going to be all like regular content like we used to all the time. Theme parks, theme parks, theme parks. Going to the theme parks, showing you guys what's new, seeing what's fun and happening in this time of year. There's like a weird echo right here and I haven't heard that before. Oh, weird. Okay, all that aside, I need to keep continuing to take down the tree, but I ordered like I talked to uh the the Patreon people on Discord and I said, "What do you guys use to store your like how do you guys store your Christmas ornaments?" They're like, "Oh, we use this box." And so I ordered this box. It was on some lightning deal on Amazon and it's like has 128 individual spots for your Christmas ornaments to go and they're all in one spot and you don't have to wrap them up cuz they're all in little like individual areas like individual compartments. And so you just like put them in there and stack them up and then zip it closed and you put it somewhere like you're not moving. I'm not like throwing this thing into the back of a truck. So it doesn't need to be necessarily like super padded. It just needs to be protected. and then put in a place like in a closet somewhere so that is protected and safe and I don't have to worry about it. Like I showed you guys before, I had already started to take down some of the ornaments. There's still some ornaments on the tree, but I'm hesitant to take those down because they're just going to go into this box that's coming like on Monday or something like that. So, um, but I do want to take them down so I can get the tree down, get the lights off, and things like that. that. So, I think I'm going to put them in another box right now just for like safe storage for the time being and let that live in like a safe place until we can organize them into their like special compartments and go from there. So, right now everything's just going to come off the tree and kind of be like put inside of a box, not necessarily wrapped up or anything for the time being. But you can see there's not a lot left on the tree. There are some like really dainty ornaments left like this one that says Jackson. This one from Lookout Key. I don't want to mess that one up because that's a I like this ornament a lot. Uh and the rest of them are pretty much like a Christmas party. This is just like a metal ornament. And this is a plastic ornament. This is another Christmas party ornament from a different year. Doesn't was the 50th. So this is 2002 2022. You know, stuff like that. So it'll be fine in there. And then I need to get the lights off this tree. And then I'm going to put it in storage. And I don't know what we're going to do because there are lights already built into this tree, but they didn't work. If you guys remember back to the beginning of the season, they weren't working. And so I need to either get like a a Christmas light tester or something like that and like plug it in like figure it all out or I don't know just get more lights to string on the tree like it's not pre-lit and just have the lights be not working on the tree which seems like a waste. But um yeah, I think I'll get a Christmas bulb tester. We'll worry about that next year. I'll write a note and saying don't forget the Christmas bulb tester, the Christmas light tester when you take out the Christmas tree. Everything's off of the tree. All the lights, all the ornaments, everything. Now I just got to take it down. I also got to get the box down that it goes in so that I can put it in there. But that's it. Christmas is over now. >> Oh, it's a little bit later and we're headed downtown to go see Ann Juliet at the Dr. Phillips Center. Here is the Orlando uh the downtown Orlando skyline. Look at the sunset. It's so beautiful. Sorry, it's probably a little bit loud cuz the road noise, but but we're in the car and we're headed to Dr. Phillips to the Dr. Phillips Center in downtown Orlando. We're going to try to have dinner. I think I told you this earlier. We're going to try to have dinner at one of the restaurants nearby beforehand if we have time. It's like 5:40 right now. We're going to get there like around 6:00. The show starts at 7:30. So, we'll see if we have time. We should. >> Yeah, >> they're pretty good about like knowing that people are trying to see a show. So, um Yeah. Look at you fancy. >> What do you mean? Do you know what we are? >> What? >> We're 5 minutes from downtown. >> We are. >> It's true. And then tomorrow I'll be right back in this same area because I have a hair appointment. I'm going to get my hair dyed again. And I really do think that I I think this is my color. I think I'm going to stick with this color for at least a little bit. I I really like the darker hair color. What do you guys think? I don't know. Do you miss any other color that I've done? Um I think I really like this one. And I think I'm actually going to go darker. I'm gonna stay in the same like shade like color, you know, but just a darker version of it. So, I don't know. Let me know what you think. I'm doing that tomorrow. >> Let me ask you guys. >> Are you guys jaywalkers >> or are you guys like obey the rules? >> I'm I'm like, if there's no cars, there was no cars, I'd be walking across the street. Here's an interesting fact. Uh Joey Fetone of local fame, Joey Fetone is going to be in an Juliet tonight cuz he was >> Is it this one? >> Yeah. >> Okay. He's doing the entire run here in Orlando. >> Oh, >> so he's reprising his role. He was in An Juliet on Broadway as >> Who was he? >> I don't know. >> Okay. >> But he Oh, Woody and the Blowfish. Um, but he is going to be in the show tonight. So, if we wanted to, we could wait outside the stage door and see Joey Fetone and tell him your story. >> Oh, >> about him. >> I could tell him my story. >> Yeah, we've seen Joey Fetone a lot. He's He goes to Universal. He doesn't I haven't seen him in a long time at Universal, but there was a moment in time where we would like see Joey Faton all the time at Universal. We're back, baby, at the Grand Bohem or the Bohem. >> Yeah, this is just called the Bohemian. >> Yeah, >> but we uh we missed the tiny table lamp, so we had to come back. >> We had to come back. Could you be the most beautiful girl in the world? Look at this thing. It's so beautiful. You're all so beautiful, but like >> I think I love like how does it make this much light? >> You do love lamp. >> I do. Is it that? >> No, it's this. >> Right. Like, how does this work? >> I can't turn. Oh, there you go. Look. Look at how like less lit it is in here. >> What are the physics behind this? >> It's a giant LED. What do you mean? >> But like this is so little. >> Yeah. >> How does that >> You know what's great about this? >> This is how they make street lamps on the coast. >> So bright. >> No, this is what they This is how they do it. So that they're And you can It also helps with stargazing. >> Oh. >> So you make your street lamps like this. >> But for whatever reason, like cities don't like to do that. They like to have light going up into the air for some reason. >> I wonder if it's because the buildings are so tall in big cities. >> Maybe they want to like light the buildings. >> I don't know. >> I you know honestly truly I don't know. >> Truly madly deeply. >> I I didn't go to school for for watch for for lights. Beef carpacio. Carpacio. >> How do you pronounce it? >> I'm not exactly sure. So this is one of their specials. >> Looks pretty good, right? >> It does look good. This is American Wagu. Not a lot of like striation or marbling in it. Just eating raw beef today. [laughter] Let's go. Oh, here's my steak. I'm excited for my steak. Coming with the fog raw emulsion on the side. I'm not going to have that. I don't I'm not a fan of it. What did you get? This is the bara. Oh, yeah. I remember that being really good. And then the Brussels sprouts. And then they did accidentally bring us out the uh tartar, which is similar to the carbagio, but it's smoked. So, we have that as well. >> Here we are back at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts. Still want to know how this roof works. >> This is our first time sitting up here. We're like in the >> You remember when we watched Hades Town and you were like, I want to I want a play that's a little bit more like >> That's what I was thinking. I'm like, this is my like palette cleanser for >> It's been ridiculous. It's been really really like silly, but also they talk about important things, but they do it in like a fun way. And um it's more it it reminds me like the vibe of Mamma Mia as far as like it's just fun and it's not like they're super talented, but I feel like it's they're they're less like they're they're having more fun with it, >> right? This is more like we're having a good time, you know? [laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good time. >> No, it's so fun. I think they're doing a great job. Joey Fetone is so okay. When he first walked out, I got scared because I thought they were setting him up to be the love interest. Oh, yeah. >> And I was like, don't do that. Like, don't do that. He's the dad. >> Which makes total sense cuz his role is very funny. He's doing a great job. He's got an accent. Like, he's like playing this like swave like French man. And it's very like he's doing great. Like, I don't know. >> You're doing great, Joey. He It's He's so funny. It's He does He's doing a great job in this world. Everybody is. And then Romeo just came out. >> Oh yeah. >> Like he just he just >> up here. >> He just came back alive. >> It's Frankenstein. [laughter] >> These are like the box seats. I don't know what you call this. >> I don't know. Like the balcony. >> But like how fun is that? You like you just get like normal seats. >> Well, somebody was like somebody said you don't want to sit there because the view is not great. But it's it's not bad. >> I mean we've had worse seats. >> No, we definitely have worse seats. But I like this seems so like casual and fun. >> Yeah. Right. You like just hanging out, you know? >> You see anybody we know? >> I'm having a great time. See this? Yeah. When everybody was like, I can't believe you didn't like Hades Town. I didn't not like Hades Town, but I love this. >> This is your jam. >> Well, it's like for millennials. It's like for people like me born in the year that I was born in. >> These are my songs. >> Yeah. >> You know, >> some of them I didn't recognize. >> Really? Which one? >> I don't know. I didn't recognize it. >> [music] [music] [singing] >> I'm going to show you guys the merch there. Came to the side to see what the stage door crowd looked like. So far, it's not so bad. Thought it would be like way more busy. Thought there'd be like a thousand people out here. It's pretty fun. There's like a a little line for him over here. >> It's a good time. Most enjoyable show. >> Really enjoyed it. Um I got to say if you are a showgoer, be aware of your surroundings. >> I had a my seat neighbor was uh not the best seat neighbor. >> Oh no. >> He had binoculars and he kept doing this. >> I like Hello. >> I was like, why are you why is your elbow up? just look through the binoculars like this. And I was like over on top of Jen. >> I wish I had binoculars. >> Yeah, >> because I feel like my uh I've been going through some issues with my my contact prescription and I feel like it was a little blurry for me >> and I couldn't I wanted to see them more clearly. >> So when I was a kid, we used to always bring binoculars. >> I wish I had done that. >> I know. I got to think about it. >> I have to get like a good pair of binoculars. >> Me, too. >> Let's do it. >> Same. >> I'm going to invest in binoculars. >> All right. All right, so we're headed home to the kids. I I would recommend you come out and see an Juliet if it's in your town. >> Do you remember how I was telling you guys how I like Hades Town was good, but it was like too heavy for me? >> Yeah, >> that was perfect. >> It was It was really good. >> I really enjoyed it. It was great. I thought I thought I just thought it was so fun. >> Yeah, >> I liked what they did. It made me want to learn more about William Shakespeare. >> There you go. >> So, that's what I'm going to do. That's going to be my hyper fixation for a little bit, I think, is learning everything I can about him. after we saw Hades Town and I we went on >> Oh, yeah. Greek mythology. >> Yeah. It was like we saw Hercules, we saw Hades Town, and then I was watching Percy's Jack Percy Jackson and I was like, "What? Now it's all going to be >> I need to know. >> Now it's going to be all Bill Shakespeare." >> That's I need to know everything about him. >> Right. >> Okay. I just need you to see the moon. >> Look at that thing. >> Do you see the moon? That looks fake. This is how I know the moon is a hologram. >> The moon's not >> I'm just kidding. [laughter] Get out of here. >> But that's the mood right there. This orange thing. I don't even know if you can see my finger. This thing right here. Oh, dang it. >> What the heck? >> Zoom in on it a little bit. >> I I did and it was like too It made it so grainy. >> Uh, use my phone. >> Let me see if Tim's phone is any better. Uh, maybe >> hit that eight. >> Yeah, but yeah. Look at that. That looks wildly like wildly unreal. That is the moon right there. Whoa. Sorry. Sorry. We're on a bouncy road. I feel like there was a movie with Maggie Gyllenhaal. Maybe it wasn't Maggie Gyllenhaal, but there was a movie about the moon >> coming. It's called Moonfall. >> Moonfall. >> Yeah. This is happening. >> Is the moon too close? >> There was a second during the show that I had like a feeling of existential dread. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. Where I was like, "Ooh, something is happening right now." >> Is it the moon falling out of the sky? >> Is the moon too close and it made you feel existential dread? >> Yeah. like a lot of magnetic pull or something. >> Yeah, the moon can do stuff to you, >> you know. >> It does the tides. >> Yeah, it does do the tides. I'm only like 50% being um serious, but like you know how the moon can sometimes make you feel stuff like when it's a full moon and they're like, "Oh, it's a full moon. >> Oh, maybe >> the crazies come out when they say like like hospitals know when there's a full moon and stuff." Is that true? If you work in a hospital, leave a comment down below if that's true. Like, do crazy things happen on a full moon like in you know what I mean? Let me know. I'm interested in that. But yeah, the moon looks awfully sus tonight. >> Is the moon fake? >> Food's not fake. The moon's not fake. [laughter] >> I don't think the moon's actually fake. But like, you don't even What's going on? How does that work? >> It's getting smaller because it's it's rising. Like at when it first rose, it was at the biggest cuz we're looking at the magnification through the atmosphere. Yeah, but I still don't understand. It's like the moon. How does it work? You know, nobody nobody knows. >> A lot of people know. >> No, >> I don't think they do. >> Okay. >> I sure don't know. >> I was trying to figure out the moon stuff, right? And they said somebody said somebody said it's refraction. It's It's refracting. >> Somebody was Tim right before you >> in the atmosphere. And somebody goes, "This guy moons like he knows what's up about the moon." >> Yeah. And then somebody else said, "Johnny Johnny Johnny Bernut Johnny Bernut said, "Forget all that refraction mumbo jumbo. They talk all sciency like that to make simple things seem hard and make you feel dumb." So they can keep their jobs. Think about it. When you move your hand around, does it change size in the atmosphere? No. And neither does the moon. >> My god. [laughter] Well, what are you talking about? I don't I like the internet is so amazing. It does. >> It's so amazing and so horrible and so great and wonderful and awful and it's just so it's so interesting how this place can be all of these things. >> How can you as a human being compare your hand here on Earth to what you see in outer space? Well, because it's you're you're using the same eyesh >> to look at the moon as you are to look at your hand in front of your face. And some say that if your hand [laughter] >> is as big as your face, what do they say? >> Oh, yeah. >> You know, when you Yeah. And then they would like make you smack yourself with your own hand. >> Gotcha. >> That's I was going to get that. Also, it smells so weird out here. What is this smell? This is They have been digging a hole over here. And this >> It's the hole. >> It's the the trees that they cut down decomposing. >> Is that what it is? It smells so weird. >> The smell of oak decomposing. >> It smells awful out here. But like I just I just like am so in awe of people on the internet and the things that they say publicly for other people to read like me that just read that. >> Yeah. You know, >> you guys are great. No, I know. But it's just I'm just saying like the internet is such an amazing place. That's all. It's just wild to me that people are allowed to just say whatever they want on the internet. Like that the moon. What did they say? I can't even remember. >> The other one after this cuz it was even worse. >> No, that was the worst one. Oh, this guy says first time outside. [laughter] >> So, let me let me tell you guys, let's talk about the moon for a second. So the moon is orbiting the earth and the earth has an atmosphere and the atmosphere acts as a lens. So when you're looking at the moon as it's first rising and you're going through the curvature of the atmosphere, the atmosphere is distorting the light coming off the moon to your eye so that it makes the moon look bigger. That's what's happening. The color is happening because of particulate in the air. Dust, smog, anything that's out in the air is going to change the color of the moon. That's why it does does this. Uh it's not because the scientists want to keep their jobs. >> It Why not both? >> Could be both. >> I don't I don't know why. >> No, no. The guy the guy the thing that I was talking about the guy explained he said it's in your brain. >> It's due to psychological effects. He said it's just an illusion and everything that you're seeing is all from psychological effects. It's all in your mind. >> And he said take a picture of it, which you guys saw a picture of it in this video. He said it would take up the same number of pixels at when it first rises as if when you saw it in the like now when it's smaller, >> which is brighter now, which is awesome. >> It is smaller though in the sky. Like it looks smaller to my eye in the sky. But like that's what I mean. That's that's what I'm saying though is that the internet is such an amazing place. So, you know, >> science. >> Thanks, Steve Jobs. >> Huh? >> No, Al Gore created the internet. That's who invented the internet. >> Um, >> okay. We're on our way home. But I had to share that with you. I just had to have this moment with you as well because it was such a strange moment in time. >> I would like to thank Headley Lamar. >> Who's that? >> She's the one that invented Bluetooth. >> What does that have to do with anything? >> I just want to thank her. >> Okay. Thank you, Headley Lamar. Thank you, Moon. Thank you, Atlantis Moriceet. Thank you. If you guys understood that, like you're my people. >> Thank you, India. [laughter] >> Good morning and happy Thursday. Today is um you know, just a continuation of this home vlog. So, uh today I have a hair appointment. I'm going to be uh redoing like just refreshing my hair. You can't really see it right now, but my roots are coming in and they're a little bit lighter. So, it looks kind of like I need to I need to fix the roots. I need them to be the same color as the rest of my hair. So, I'm going to get my hair done today. I think I'm going to go like a like slightly darker. I think I already talked to you guys a little bit about this in this video, maybe. But, um, we saw Ann Juliet last night. It was so much fun. We had an existential crisis about the moon, as you do. But this morning, something very exciting happened. Look at this. We lost another penny. Look at that. That's Oliver's lemon pig. His little like mouth on his lemon pig was so ny and little that the penny it just like fell right out. I was I was separating laundry. I was doing the laundry and I heard it go dink and I was like, "Oh, that's got to be Oliver's lemon lemon pig penny." So, and it was I wonder what kind of good luck he's going to have today. He's at gymnastics class right now with my sister because I was trying to get ready for my appointment and just get the house ready because tonight we also have a friend who is moving. They're moving across the country and they leave tomorrow. So, tonight was the only night we could see them before they moved. And um I wanted to make sure that we that we did that, but I also needed to get some stuff done like non vloggy stuff done around the house and just some other errands that needed to be done before we do that tonight. So yeah, so yeah, we're going to go send them off and um it's sad. That's sad. I'm happy for them to be like, you know, going on this new adventure and, you know, I hope everything goes well, but it's a sad thing. So, we're going to do that tonight. Tim is at Epcot right now. He is uh just I don't really know. I think checking on like festival stuff because Festival of the Holidays. No, not Festival of the Holidays. We just had that. [laughter] Festival of the Arts is coming up and um something that's so exciting is so we were there the other night. We went with some friends to kind of um a little kind of celebration of Adam's life and um it was really great. It was I I think we all needed it and we all got together. It was people who don't you know people from the West Coast. It was people that we don't normally see because you know we're here, they're there and um it [clears throat] was really beautiful, you know. So that was I think a really I don't know. It was just a really nice night. But we were there the other night and you know they're in between festivals. So we were walking around and as we were walking around we were seeing all the booths that were out but they were covered because the festival doesn't start until I think the 16th. So yeah. So I'm I'm really excited for the Festival of the Arts. It's one of my favorite festivals. We do purchase art from the Festival of the Arts. So I'm excited to see like what art they're going to have this year. One of my favorite pieces is actually upstairs. It's a picture of the castle, like a painting of the castle, and it's just so beautiful. I love I don't know. I love all the the artwork from Festival of the Arts. We also got a lot of art from the Riviera Resort. So, they have this like print ondemand kind of service that they do. So, this is one that we got from Riviera. We picked the It's a reprint, but it's on canvas. It is a painting on canvas. And then, you know, we picked the um the frame, the size, and all that. We got this one here, these two actually, which are Wall-E prints, and we had them matted and framed. These were all mailed to us. And um I just I love them so much. I just love them. Love them. Sorry, there's a there's a glare, so it's kind of hard to see, but these are some of my favorite pieces. We have some art that was like actually in the rooms that were like uh Aristocrat themed art, which originally was going to go upstairs in our guest bedroom, and we just never hung it up because we wanted to paint the room. And you know, you know how that goes. So, one day we'll put those up in there, too. [laughter] But we finally took the tree down, which you saw in the beginning of this video. The box for the tree is still sitting right here. The boxes for the decorations are still sitting here. But I'm hoping that this weekend, all of that, we get all that put away because Tim got his ladder. That ladder came in. So, now we have a ladder that's tall enough to reach all of those places without having to get the big like house ladder out. So that's, you know, big plans for the weekend. We're going to be putting stuff back where it goes. But yeah, so right now I'm just having a little breakfast. Having a little egg and cheese sandwich here on an English muffin. And um just going to get ready for my hair appointment. I have to I have to go like shower and wash my hair. I hate to show up with like dirty hair. This is day two hair. So I want to, you know, just give it a good wash. Oh, the other thing I did this morning while I was I was folding some laundry before I started the vlog. But before I started, you know, when I was doing all of that, I was watching cuz I missed um The Housewives of Salt Lake City was on I think it was on last night, maybe. Whatever night it was on, I missed it. So I I re I watched it this morning and like I have to say that is by far I think the best Real Housewives franchise city whatever um series. I think they are it's such like compelling TV. I think they're so real. I think like I just really appreciate that se like this has been a really great season. So I just have to say that. What do you guys think? What's your favorite housewife city? But I don't know if anything can compare with OC like the years when Vicky was like you brought a family van like that whole I think that is the best housewives like overall I think that was cuz they just were so unaware of the cameras and I think that they were just their like horrible selves like not thinking about how they were being perceived by everybody watching the show. I think they were just themselves and they were so horrible and it was just like such compelling TV. But like this is although they are aware of the cameras, this season of of Salt Lake City, although they're aware of the cameras, I still think they're being much more real than other seasons that I've watched recently in other cities. So, I don't know. I don't know. Housewives is like slowly drawing me back in. and I was kind of out for a little bit just cuz I didn't it it just wasn't it wasn't getting my attention. I didn't really care enough to watch it. But this season of of Salt Lake City is is good. All the other ones like I don't really care about the other cities currently. I don't know. What do you What are your thoughts on on Housewives? Are you over it? I feel like we're going to see the end of Housewives. Don't you think? Don't you think it's kind of like run its course? I just my thoughts. Just rambling while I eat an egg sandwich, you know? So, let me know what you think. But yeah. Yeah. Today we are uh you know we just have some stuff just little things around the house to do. Gonna go visit a friend. Tim's at Disney right now. And then later on, who knows what we'll do. I don't know what will this night bring us. You just never know. So, I'm going to finish my sandwich. I'm going to finish watching um Southern Charm while I finish folding laundry. Get ready for my hair appointment. And then I'll see you at my hair appointment, I think. Great jungle. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Good morning. It's the next day. I don't think I ever showed you guys my like hair yesterday. I showed it to you in the salon, but not when I got home. So, I did go a little bit darker. Um, it's this morning now. It's the next morning. Oliver requested tomatoes and pickles. >> Oh. >> For his uh like midm morning snack. >> He might be pregnant. [laughter] tomatoes and pickles. He I don't know. Do your kids have like like last night we went to dinner. Well, a friend of ours moved. He's actually moving today. He's moving across country today, but we went to his house last night to like, you know, say goodbye and have dinner. And um >> and I play Pokémon Go and and >> you did play Pokémon Go. Yeah, the kids played Pokémon Go cuz we were in a new neighborhood so they were like new Pokémon which was exciting. But we went to we we brought over like Mediterranean food for dinner and there was like a little Greek salad in one of the kids meals and Oliver that's like all he ate was the salad. He's like, "Ooh, onions." >> He's just eating red onions. >> Do you Do your kids have like strange snacking habits that seem not like a kid would like >> cuz Oliver loves >> You want another pickle? >> He wants more pickles. He loves spicy food and he loves red onions. I guess I love like >> No, I love tomatoes. >> And he loves tomatoes to do. I loved like lemons when I was a kid, >> but Jackson doesn't. So, it's just interesting how different they are, >> right? >> They're very different kids, right? What does Jackson love to snack on? >> Um, I don't know. >> Yeah. >> You don't know. >> I think he loves turkey pepperoni right now. >> Yeah. >> But so do you. Yeah. >> He loves gummies. That's his big thing. >> Oh, like the the fruit snacks, you know, >> fruit snacks. >> So, yeah. >> So, good morning. >> I want more of those. More pickles. >> Oh, did you show them that Oliver's penny fell out? >> I did. >> Oh my goodness. Still waiting on mommy's. >> But did anything Did you have anything exciting happen yesterday, bud? >> Did you have any good luck? >> Drinking pickle juice. I'll clean that off the floor. Don't worry. [laughter] >> I don't know that I had any like amazing luck. Like Jackson had the best luck. He's like, I didn't have to go to school. It was amazing. >> That was so funny. >> But then like I didn't have anything where I was like blown away. Like he was blown away. >> Are you just drinking the juice? I just drink the boo. >> You are so silly. Um I don't Yeah, I don't know if Oliver had anything super exciting yesterday. I guess he got to play Pokémon Go for like longer. >> Got to drink juice. >> Show me how you skateboard. >> Let me see how you skateboard, little stinky. [laughter] >> Whoa, whoa, whoa. [screaming] Oh my gosh. [laughter] >> All right. I don't know if you've noticed yet. >> What? >> Your pig. >> Oh, I know. He fell down. >> Fell down. One of his legs came out. I thought for sure that that meant that his his little penny would fall out, >> but I feel like it's like sticking in even further. >> I know. What happened to him? >> Oh jeez. Did you see this one's mouth is like >> Yeah. [laughter] Even his eyeballs are popping out of his head. >> Guys, >> how uh how are your guys' pigs? I know a lot of you guys did pigs this year cuz you sent us pictures and stuff. So, thank you for doing that, by the way. That was really fun to see. But how are your pigs doing? Did you lose the penny? Last year, some of our pennies never fell out, >> right? >> For the entire year. I had to throw the lemon pig away because it was a year old and I'm like, I think we should just toss this. >> Yeah. And we did. >> Yeah. So, um, did you lose them like the day after like we did or like how are they looking? >> Yeah. >> Um, but thank you guys so much for spending this week with us. This was the whole week. So, I know this isn't generally how we do home vlogs, but this week was like a little bit different. And like I said in the video, we're going to be getting back to or I think you said it in the video. we're going to getting be getting back to like our normal kind of schedule. This next week is going to be a little bit weird. We might miss a couple of days, but after that, then we're going to get right back into it. >> So, just thank you for being patient with us and for understanding that it was just kind of a, >> you know, like a rough start to the year, but um we're trying our best. >> We are. >> So, thank And I do got to say like going to the theater and I don't know what this is about the theater but it like is a nice spot to sort of like relax for a minute and like refresh your brain. >> Yeah. >> Like you get to see somebody else's stuff, you know? >> Oh, like the the show. >> Yeah. >> And this was a fun one, too. It was just like a nice um you know, it wasn't heavy subject matter. It was like very just fun and it was a great way to spend the night. It was a good date night. Um, I loved it. I thought it was great. And I think just like, you know, getting the tree down and kind of decluttering some of this, although our house is is cluttered, I know, but decluttering that space was nice. >> I got everything. Yeah. Well, in a future video, you guys will see how I got everything organized and it's ready to go back where it goes now. >> Oh, yeah. You guys, I know you talked about it in the video, but you guys are the ones that told us which organizer to buy. So, thank you. >> But, um, yeah, it was a great week. It was, um, you know, I hope you had fun hanging out with us and following along. So yeah, all a fantastic week. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. >> [music]
