---
video_id: pF0n2au6WBQ
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our Perfect Day At Royal Caribbean's Private Island! Coco Cay Over Water Cabana & Chops Grill Dinner"
published: 2026-01-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF0n2au6WBQ
---
Good morning from our perfect day at Coco K. I'm excited. This is Royal Caribbean's private island. We've never been here before. Very excited to see what it's all about. We uh actually opted for one of the overwater cabanas. So, this is something that um we paid for this ourselves, but I just felt like it's such a unique thing. I've never been to an island where they had these. So, I really really wanted to do it. So, there was one available and we were like, should we do it? We did it. Yeah. [laughter] I can't wait to show it to you guys. But if you guys are coming on your own Royal Caribbean vacation, somebody that can help you book one of those overwater cabanas is Be Our Guest Vacations, who so graciously helped us on this vacation and helped us plan everything out. So, I got to say it's been very, very handy having somebody who knows more about this cruise than we do helping us with it because there are a lot of options on this cruise, which is like amazing. It's It's very, very cool. I love it. But I also don't exactly know what is the best thing for us to plan. [music] They do. Yeah. So, they've been planning it and we've been loving it. So, first thing we're going to do, we're going to head down to Wind Jammer for the buffet. Yeah. So, let's go. 16. It's it's it's Wednesday, my dudes. All right. Doing Wind Jammer. There's so many different places to go inside Wind Jammer to get food. There's like waffles and pancakes. There's bacon and sausage and hash browns over there. Toppings. There's things everywhere. That's one thing I feel like they had an [music] idea when they built this that they're like, "Okay, it'll be better to get everybody separated and not just have one big line." But that means you kind of have to look around at every different location to see what you want to have as opposed to just like going to one spot and it being in one spot and you're just like going through a line. But here we've got vegetable fried rice, pav baji, sliced scallions, dried chicken. Oh, so this is stuff that you would tofu that you would put in your chicken kanji or your vegetable fried rice. Whoa, quite a display. They've got all these different displays. Well, they also have an omelet station. I got mine, but they don't have I can't do sausage. It's not all meat this time. They do have a carving station with some pork. While I was gone, you guys got balloon things. What did you get, Jackson? What's that balloon you have? It's like a lollipop or something. What is this thing? A dinosaur. You wear it as a hat. All right. I don't have a very like fulfilling breakfast right now, but here's Jen's breakfast. I like Oliver's. There's Jackson's. What is this? A banana smoothie. They came by and said, "Do you want a banana smoothie?" I like your tomato outfit. I like her bacon outfit, too. Here's something that's interesting about Royal Caribbean is they kind of have like Bluetooth music players everywhere just playing music. Man, tomorrow on C day, we are going to be doing some exploring cuz there's definitely a lot of stuff that we have not seen yet. But today, perfect day Coco K. Oh, here we go. So, we're going to get off the ship and head over to Perfect Day at Coco K. It looks smaller than I thought it was going to be as far as like when we first like started seeing maps of it and everything, I was like, "Oh man, this thing's going to be a big like a long walk to the other end of the island and stuff like that, but it doesn't look so bad." But what is that? What island is that? Here we go. We're headed to the gang way. This is a perfect day. Coco K day. It's 10:00 in the morning. 76° outside. We're going down an escalator. There's an escalator on the ship. the only escalator on the ship. Strange, right? The Celebrity Reflection is over here next to us. So, they are also able to use this island. But another thing is we were trying to get off the ship with our little bands here. And you can't get off the ship with just the bands. You have to have your actual card. I'm excited for this. It looks fun. I can already see the zip line and the water park. Oh my goodness. Oh, I see the huge slide. I know. Oh, that is a slide. I thought that was just like a sign or something, you know, like a sculpture. It's a big slide. You ready to have the perfect day? Yes. At Coco K? Yes. You are? Yes. Oh, good. Yes. Good news. There's a big sign there that says we're going to have the perfect day. Where? Right there. Do you see where it says perfect day? Yes, man. So, we're doing the overwater cabana today. And unfortunately, all of the passes for Thrill Water Park are sold out. So, I'm not able to do this today. But this is very enticing for me to come back just to go to this water park. [music] This is what [singing] dances to do right there. So, we're going to go line up to take the tram to get back to our uh cabanas. They said we could walk through, but it's about 10-minute walk, but we opted to take the tram. So, this looks like this is the tram. I think we're going to have to wait for another one because these it's only two cars long. We'll see. Also, there's two different lines. So, I don't know where we're going. If this tram is for us even going to Chill Island. Chill Island. Going to Chill Island. Is it not going to where we She told me to go to Chill Island and then walk over to Cocoa Beach. Okay. Cuz the line was shorter. Uh-oh. Okay. I guess that one's not running today. Doesn't look like it. Fully strapped to the ground. Darn. I was going to ride it, too. No, you weren't. Well, guess what? It's opening right now. I don't think I have the right shoes on. Darn. You're not No, no shoe requirement. So when we got in line for the tram, I said, "We're going to the overwater cabanas." They said, "Okay, you need to go to Cocoa Beach Club." And they said, "Get on this tram to go to Chill Chill Island, then walk back to Cocoa Beach." But there was a tram stop right next to Cocoa Beach. But that line was a lot longer. That line was longer. So now save us some time. But now we have to walk back that way. It's okay. We can do it. Let's do it. Oh, they have like pool that you play like soccer. They've got cornhole. Got a volleyball. This is the sports pavilion. But we're back at the tram stop already. That was very quick. The Oasis Lagoon is the largest freshwater pool in the Caribbean. Wanted to run over really quick and see over here. The Oasis Lagoon. Let's see if I can see where it is. Oh, I don't know if I'll be able to see the whole thing. It's big. Oh my goodness. Okay, so it goes that way and it also goes this way and it goes over there. Okay. Why do I feel like maybe there's more of it that I can't see? Cuz I feel like some of those pools at the uh the beach club in Nassau were bigger. I'd have to see it from a satellite view, I think. Yeah, like looking at the satellite view, it doesn't look that big. All right, we're headed to Cocoa Beach Club. That's where we check in for our cabana. And this is it right here. This looks pretty fancy. Wow. So, Cocoa Beach Club is a an upgrade where you can purchase an upgrade to visit this area. Which way do we go? Right or left? Which way, Jackson? Right or left? All right. But it is included in our overwater cabanas. I'll take one. So, we're checking in here and they have fresh towels for us in case it was a hot day. It's a cold day today. It's not It's not that cold. It's a chilly 77° out. So, included with our cabana is a beach pass for the Cocoa Beach Club. And that includes a specialy restaurant, this pool right here, and the beach access and we will. But we are going to go on to our overwater cabana, which I think is kind of right over there. We're number 15. Little island library, so you could read a book while you're on the island. Oh, I thought that was a Oh, a speed bump. Got to be careful of the speed bump, Jackson. So, there's a public beach over there. And this was the private way. Oh, there was another speed bump that you didn't get you didn't tell us about. Well, look at all those fish in there. Holy cow, that's a lot of fish. Look at them all. This is cool. Like tropical fish hanging out right here. So, this is our overwater cabana. This does uh you can do up to eight people. If you do more than eight, it is an additional charge. So, you've got a little table here, little cafe table with four chairs and an umbrella. And then you have a little overwater hammock right there. Then you've got some loungers out here. Sorry, we've got some of our stuff already kind of strewn about. But then included is bottled water, which this is like a pretty cooler full of water and full of bottled water and ice. Then there's also a slide here that goes out into the ocean and it does you have to turn on the water right here to spray it down before you go down it. It also includes floats for you to use out in the ocean. This is the water right here for the slide. I'm going to turn it off right now. You've got plugs so you can charge your phone if you need to. There's no USBs, but there are plugs. You've got a sink with uh soap and water. There's trash can under here for you to put your waist in. This is a refrigerator, but nothing in the refrigerator is included unless you have the beer and wine package or the soda package. So, that would be a good thing to have if you're planning to get one of these overwater cabanas and you like to drink sodas and you're thinking, "Oh, the sodas will be included." They are not. So, just so you're aware of that. The food is though, they're going to be bringing us food from the restaurant here that's exclusive to the Cocoa Beach Club. There's an umbrella that comes with the with the cabana. There's a fan and then there's a safe here that you can use to lock up your valuables. There's a big couch, lots of chairs. The shades can be pulled so you can have a little bit more privacy. There is no shade facing out this way, but it's nice that you can close off the other sides cuz you can see our neighbors here. And then inside this room, there's some music playing, too. I haven't found the controls for the music yet. I thought this was the most interesting room. So, this is a changing room and a shower. There's a shower in here, [music] which is nice. We've got all of our bags in here. It does come with snorkel gear. You just have to sign a waiver before using it. But it is included, which is nice because if you're snorkeling, you could get a little bit closer look at the fish that are hanging out around. Oh, I don't see them right now. They were just right here. Some tropical fish. So, it is a winter day, January 14th. I think that this would be amazing on a spring or a summer day. It's because the water's a little bit cold for us right now. But when the water's warm, the sun is warm, you've got the fan, you've got the shade, you can close off the curtains, and if it's not too breezy, the curtains will stay closed. Oh, here's the controls for the music. Okay, so Oh, you can put in your own a you can do you can pair your Bluetooth to it. Put in your own like use the ox cord or you can do beach vibes. That's what I want. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Sand pipers are coming around thinking they're going to get some food. We don't have any food. Sand pipers. Yonderbe. Blown away by how many little needle fish there are right here. There's so many of them. There's so many of these, too. I don't know what kind of fish these are, but there's a lot of them. Oh, turn the water on, Jackson. We got to turn the water on before you go down. Is this salt water going down? Yeah, it's going to be salt water right here. Will you end in the salt water? right here. And then that turns into salt water. Yeah. And then you swim back over there to that ladder over there. Are you doing it? You're going in. Are you hanging out in the little hammock? You like it? Yeah. Now, now I want to get in the water. Okay. Jen has promised our firstborn that she would go down the slide. Keep going. Mommy, are you going to go down the slide? You going to go down the slide? I thought he was going to forget. Oh, no. You didn't forget. Jackson never forgets. Let's see how cold. Let's see. Let's feel the Oh, it's cold. Yeah, it is. That's like pretty cold. Wow. Yeah, I'll do it. It's colder than the the Florida Springs. Yeah. And that's cold. Yeah. Wow. Actually, it might be like 72, you know. That's the Florida. Did you touch the bottom? I I didn't go in. Put my feet in. That is like Look at Look at it. Can you Did you touch the bottom? No. Oh, okay. I'll do it. Jen Jen. Jen. Jen. Jen. Jen, you want me to give you a little push? No, I don't. No, no, I'll push it. Okay. Well, I'm nervous. You just got to do it. You want me to go down first? No, I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Come in. Okay. So far, we're at a minute and a half. Just catch her. [laughter] Catch him. Catch her. Catch me. Yeah, daddy. Catch it. Okay. No, I'm just kidding. Three, two, one. [screaming] I [laughter] look I did it. You did it. I'm ready. 3 2 1 zero. Oh, it's not so bad. Well, I'm standing up. Yeah, it's not that deep. It's cold. Something else that I think is interesting is that the cabanas on Disney's uh at least on Castaway sell out instantaneously as soon as they go on sale to concier guest sell out. We we got this one yesterday like which is wild to me. Like we just walked up and there's two cruise ships here. I know there are kind of like a lot of cabanas on this island. And there's the overwater cabanas. There's these other cabanas. But like it's amazing to me that we were able to just get another cabana. Get a cabana yesterday. Hi daddy. Hi. Hey buddy. Hi daddy. So much fun. And you're having so much fun swimming. My hand. Oh your hand. [laughter] It feels very nice in here. Wa. Yeah. It's a dra a drastic difference between this and the ocean. It's wild how much this looks like Hawaii. I know it does. I really feel like we're in Hawaii. How do you like the water? Good. Yeah. Also, if you're a fan of quiet relaxation, the Cocoa Beach Club, I think, is probably a fantastic upgrade for your perfect day at Coco K. Like if you're not in the mood for extreme like partying and stuff like that and people everywhere, I think this is where you want to be. Even more so, I haven't been to the adult beach, but I think this is probably even more relaxing than that. For the appetizers, they brought us like a sampling of everything. So, it's taziki, baba gnon, and hummus and then crude and like pa and then or as I like to call it, vegetables and bread. And then we got shrimp and ceviche. Shrimp and ceviche, I think. Yeah. There you go. It looks good. my two favorite things. Wow, this is like I really think if you're going to come to the island, splurging a little bit and doing the beach club or the cabanas is this is amazing. Oh, by the way, we all ordered filt and it was included. And they have lobster, like full-on lobster. You can do a lobster sandwich. They had um a really nice like fish. They had burgers, too. The kids had like it just it's so tendies. It's very It just feels so like lush and luxurious. I I love this. All right, the kids got chicken tenders and chicken grilled chicken tenders. This is what we ordered for lunch. We got some fillets with chimmy chur and fingerling potatoes, roasted veggies. You want a potato? Just want to hold it. Okay. This is the mozzarella sticks and fries. Yeah, I'm excited about that one. And what else? More fillet. Two more fillet. They look so good. We got a chicken Caesar salad and the lobster sandwich. Oh, looking good. It's got like a coconut batter on it. Jen. Mhm. How do you like your steak by the ocean? [laughter] Right. It's really good, actually. It's like, look how tender this is. My hand making a shadow. Look at like I mean, this is a butter knife and it's just cutting through so easy. Wow. Yeah, this is amazing. You're doing some chicken tendies and some French fries. Cool. All right. They just delivered dessert. Cookies by the ocean. Somebody's eating a cookie in their overwater hammock. Living the life. You guys want me to get converted over to Royal Caribbean? This is the way to do it. Just feed you cookies over the ocean. [laughter] It's like here's some water. Royal Caribbean stand. All right, we got our dessert delivered. You get a little bit of everything. So, we have this Oh, this chocolate one looks so good. Okay, so this one is like a almost like a brownie, a chocolate brownie. There's a rum cake with some strawberries, the cookies you saw Tim eating, and then the fruit plate, mixed fruit. [music] I [music] wish I didn't have to swim all the way over there to get back in. You can try to come up right here. I can help you up. I don't think I'd be able to. Okay. [laughter] Look at this. Do you see some fish down there, Oliver? Hey, I want to take a video of it. Okay. Well, let's look. You see anything in there? I don't see it. I thought it was some random man. [music] I was like, "Excuse me, sir." Dad, how'd you know it was me? Dad, can we go in the water? Okay, you ready? Set. Go. Where are we going? Oh, I thought you were right here. Two, three. You did it. You just sprayed me with water. Oh, no. Oh, I'm sorry. Let's try that again. Okay, you ready? 1 2 3. Let's try that again. 3 2 1 Say hello. Oh, no. You showing me your trick. That's your trick. [music] Yeah, I like it. It's very cool. His beard is the beard is so big. I like these wet floor signs. It says about 71% of the earth's surface is covered in water. And right now, some of that water is on this floor. I wanted to give you guys an overview of the restaurant area here at the beach club. So, you don't have to worry about reservations or anything. You just kind of come in here, somebody will come over and take your order. You just tell them what you want and they bring it out to you and you can anything on the menu just like we did in the cabanas. We all have filet. And definitely this beach area is probably one of the best amenities of the Upcharge Beach Club area of Coco K. Like it is so quiet and calm here. And there are so many different chairs available. And you can see the flags on the chairs mean that a server will come around and bring you drinks and things like that. If you have the drink package, it's included. I'm going to give you guys an overview of the pool area that you have access to as well as the bar. There's Jen. [laughter] The bird's also included. There's some more overwater cabanas over here, too. There's also some hammocks over here. And also included cucumber water, uh, mats, like floating mats for you to relax in the ocean on. And then, oh, they have swimmies, like water wings, as well as life vests puddle jumpers. If we had forgotten the puddle jumper, we could have just had it here. I did forget the puddle jumper. I didn't know that they were here. Look at that. I didn't have to go back up to the room. Did you see they have rocking chairs? Oh, yeah. Look at that. This is so I love this. Yeah, this is nice. I'm like big fan. And all the bartenders are like, "See you tomorrow." And I'm like, they're like they actually I wish I would see you tomorrow. Plus, you get iguanas right here. We're on our way back to the front. We're on the tram. Oh, this is cool. You can rent kayaks. So, we we didn't get to do everything on the island. A lot of the packages were sold out, so I guess we'll just have to come back. Oh yeah, I like this bar in an airirstream. Yeah, it's cool. Look at those day beds out there. They look nice. Yeah, the beds are cool. Those look really cool. That looks very comfortable. Look over here, buddy. Some peacocks in the middle of the road. Some peacock crossing. Oliver, look over here. Oliver. So, this is a celebrity reflection. I'm going to look up the width of the celebrity reflection versus the Disney ships so that you can get a good idea if this were a Disney ship sitting next to the Utopia of the Seas so you can tell the size difference. Utopia of the Seas is just massive. It's such a large beast of a ship and there are two larger than that. So the Celebrity Reflection is 123 ft wide and the Disney Wish is 128 ft wide. So, the difference in width between the reflection and the wish, insignificant compared to the utopia of the seas. So much more stuff that we have to do the next time we come. This was a fantastic trip or a fantastic stop at this island, but I want to do more. This right here has made Royal Caribbean worth it for me. Just this island. [music] We'll see. There's the pirate man. There he is. Another item of note about the Utopia of Seas is that it runs on liqufied natural gas. So cleaner burning than a traditional cruise ship. We just came back to the room and there is a maybe a snail. Not really sure what it is. What do you guys think? I'm going to say snail. All right, we are back from the island and now we are we took showers. We got ready. It's white night so it's either dress in your white attire or in your cruise casual. So, yeah. And we're wearing white. Look at us. We have dinner at Chops Grill. We're going to go meet everybody right now. And uh I'm excited. The menu looks really good. Oliver, you got your hat so you can catch Pokémon? Yeah. We're going We're not going to wear it in the restaurant. I already told him you can't wear it in the restaurant, but you can wear it down to the restaurant. Mickey P. We almost know the whole Poke Wrap. I don't I don't know. We're getting there. We're getting there. He's like the water catch Pokemon. Oh my goodness. And you're wearing my favorite shirt. Okay. I'll trade you a song if we can trade out. Okay. What song do you want to hear? What do you think? [music] [music] And then level two. [music] [singing] And then Bowser's Castle. and the flag. All right, so we're here in Central Park. We're going to Chops. I'm very excited for dinner tonight. I haven't had enough steak on this cruise. They're like handing out steak left and right. I will say it's been very steak heavy for like we've ordered the steak, but they've all been so good. Yeah, it's been the food's been amazing. Also, look, you could like eat inside outside at this restaurant. All right, we've got Chops Grill. Here are the starters. The steak. Get another filt again. And then you can also get roasted chicken, salmon, shrimp, rack of lamb, the branzino, main lobster, a pound and a half of main lobster, sharable sides, grier, cheese, tater tots. Oh man. Well, this is going to be a good night. So on the menu, they had like a secondary menu that was like an upcharge like wagoo and stuff like that. Yeah. And I said, I'm going to have the wagoo fillet. and he said, "I think you should go for the tomahawk. It's a little bit better." You're It's a 32 oz. Getting a 32 oz steak here. I got the fish. But something I wanted to mention is that this restaurant is an upcharge and then there are upcharges on top of that if you want to order from the secondary menu like Tim was saying. So keep that in mind when you're ordering. We ordered all the sides. We ordered a lot of entre. We ordered a lot of stuff, extra appetizers and things. So, they're very like accommodating and the service has been fantastic. Like everywhere we've gone, it's been so great. Tomorrow we're eating in the main dining though. Yeah. A live band just started outside. It's nice. Brought out two kinds of bread. They've got the pretzel bread, like regular bread there, like crusty bread, and then pretzel bread with sea salt on it. I'm excited for the pretzel bread. We start out with Jackson getting his just a little salad on the kids menu. Jackson loves just salads. No dressing in the salad. The beef carpacio. I'm just This has been a beefy cruise, hasn't it? We also got the wedge salad. You guys know I love a wedge salad. And what was this? I got Sorry, I already started eating it. It's a tuna tartar and then it has some avocado on the bottom. It's very like mild, you know? Comes with some little sesame things. Kid loves soup. Good soup. It's a mushroom soup with truffle. Got a refined palette. He's blowing on it. Make sure it's cooled enough. Oh goodness. So, here's my tomahawk. They gave me They brought me out the bone, too. This is Jackson got the steak and they recommended to get the fillet. The petite fillet. This looks so good. And it is so tender. Have you tried the branzino? I'm going to sorry. Then we got sides. We got mashed potatoes. We got asparagus. We got baked potato. We got a loaded baked potato over there. We got cream spinach and French fries down there and some mac and cheese. I went with the server's recommendation of getting the tomahawk. I kind of wish I hadn't. It was a fattier cut of meat. Kind of wish I had gone with the fillet because I've been kind of picking at Jackson's little fillet over here. And it's like more along the lines of what I was hoping to get tonight as opposed to this. I know this is a more flavorful steak and a lot of people really like the flavor of this steak. It's not my not my favorite. The flavor is really good. Yeah, I just wanted a I think a lighter flavor tonight because I had so much steak earlier. So, this is definitely like a greasier meat. I think the flavor is really nice. It is like it feels like heartier. I don't know if that's the right word. Um I like it. But I also I loved my Bran Zenino. I've never ordered the Bran Zenino before. That was so good. It was flaky. It was like flavorful but still like a mild fish. And um the spinach that it came on was really good. So if you like fish, I would get the brand. So our desserts have started rolling out. This is the red velvet cake. This is a cream cheese icing on there. This is the key lime pie with meringue on top. And this is my chocolate cake, the berry compost, and one scoop of vanilla ice cream. This is like the most reasonably sized dessert on the table right now. We came back to the room and we found a dog with our remote control. He said, "Draw me like one of your French dogs and I'm going to watch TV." Oh, like a poodle. All right. After a quick change of clothes, kids are in bed starting to go to sleep and we are headed down to Aqua 82, which is the the water show. I'm excited to see like the high dive show. So, my sister was saying Oh, wait. Where do we need to go? Uh, Aqua Theater 5 six. So, my sister was telling me that this is the show that you cannot miss. Yeah. So, we're not going to miss it. We're not missing it. And um I wanted to mention about the dress code, right? Because yesterday was the not yesterday. Was yesterday the formal night? Yeah, yesterday was formal night. People were dressed to like the nines. Like it was very much a like a lot of people were in their formal attire. It was actually really cool to see tonight. So, I thought for sure that people were going to do the the white. It was like in the app at 5:00 every day, it shows the attire for the day [music] and it said white or cruise casual. And I thought for sure everybody was going to be in their white outfits. I only saw one other person in a white outfit, but I wore mine and you wore yours. Yeah. All right. So, we're headed out onto the boardwalk because the high dive show is outside. Oh, here's the high dive platforms right here. [music] We did also hear the hot tip on this cruise to not sit in the first three rows cuz you will get wet. One thing we need to do maybe tomorrow. I guess tomorrow is the only day we can do is do the rock climbing wall tomorrow. I want to do the the dry slide, the the fish one. I want to do the the water slide. I want to get in the pool. Yeah, I've got a zipline. We have a packed day tomorrow. That's the dry slide above us. That's what we're going to go do. This thing came out of nowhere. Show hasn't even started yet and we're already entertained by a disco ball and Frankie goes to Hollywood. It is fully pouring out here right now. Look at the ball just dripping. All right, so we got an update. Everybody's all wet, so we got towels. They provided towels at the top of the theater, [music] but they said we're going through a storm right now. We're going to just hold off. Supposed to last about maybe 5 or 10 minutes. So, as soon as the rain stops, then the show's going to start. They said the rain wouldn't stop the show because they get wet and so do we. Baby, that's Aqua 82, baby. They just made the announcement that it's about to start. [music] Just stopped raining. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [cheering] [applause] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Yeah. [music] [bell] Heat. [music] [music] SL [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [cheering] Heat. [cheering] [music] [cheering] [music] Heat. Well, that was pretty fun, I got to say. Passing by the Crown and Anchor Society and there's somebody playing piano somewhere. I don't know where, though. Actually, I believe that's maybe the schooner bar. [music] Oh, there he is. I found him. [music] That show was fantastic. I think one thing that was interesting to me and that I feel like maybe not a lot of people picked up on or maybe they picked up on it like later cuz nobody ever came up. They would dive in and they disappeared, which was super fun. I don't know. It was like just gone. One time I did see one of like the scuba diver safety guys like pop up too close to the surface and I was like, "Ah, caught you." But then like the guys that were doing the the tight or the slack line and the tight rope and then the guys that were uh and the ladies that were doing the high dives and everything, it was awesome. And it was also really cool that it felt kind of like remember when you were a kid and you were just like, "Look what I can do off the diving board." Like that's what they get to do for their job. There's like, "Haha, I'm jumping off. Look at me." type thing. It's fun. All right, now we're headed back to the room on deck 18. This was a fantastic day. Had such a good day. Like I really enjoyed the island. I really enjoyed the show. I really like dinner. It was great. So I think we're going to call it a night now. So I wanted to say thank you to Be Our Guest Vacations again for providing this trip for us. And all in all, it was a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
