---
video_id: dsxSzHxGWYM
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Finally Getting A Haircut, Disney Lunch Date At Animal Kingdom Lodge & A Little Midnight Math!"
published: 2026-02-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsxSzHxGWYM
---
Today's video is sponsored by Turo. More on that in just a little bit. >> Oh, hello. >> Hello. >> We are underneath a place with lots of noises happening. >> I feel like we're like we're like the trolls under the bridge. >> I'm the leprechaun. >> You got to pay the troll toll. >> Oh yeah. Can I interest you an egg in these trying times? >> We're at Kadani Village and we're taking the elevator to the lobby. >> We're here to meet a friend for lunch, but uh we're going to go meet him now. What if it's um >> Ryan Serest? >> Ryan Serest. I couldn't think of anybody famous for a second there. I was like, >> Name a For a dollar, name a celebrity. >> Ryan Gosling. >> There you go. What if I was >> little baby duckling? Little baby goose. Also, the jams in this elevator. >> Yeah, it's pretty Yeah, we're jamming, >> right? >> I feel like pretty jammy. >> It's cold today. Today is not freezing like it was, but it is cold. Yeah, it's going to be cold until Wednesday and then Wednesday it gets up to like 85. >> I just This weather is so weird, >> right? >> Yeah. >> Oh, the wind. It's cold. >> It's so cold. >> The lanterns. >> I know. I love this. It's so beautiful. Hold on. I got to take a picture. >> I forgot how much I love this resort. It's so good. >> I'm going to link a video where we stayed here and it was so amazing. I loved it so much. >> Also, at the DVC resort, so you could use our friends over at the DVC rental store and they could get you a deal on a room here. We're going to head down to the savannah first. Have a look and see if there are any animals out and about. The giraffes are out there kind of just hanging out. SA. There it is. And hidden Mickey. There it is. Also, by the way, >> it's Adam. Adam Hatton. >> It wasn't Ryan Gosling. It wasn't Ryan Serest. Your name's not even Ryan. >> No. >> Oh, Adam Sandler name. >> You just don't look like a Ryan. If you said your name was Ryan, I wouldn't believe you. What could I be if not Adam? >> Dennis. >> Will. I'll take William. That's a good name. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> A Brit a hearty British name. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> I like I like Christopher. >> Christopher. >> Christopher Hatton. Very nice. >> We've talked about this before. I have this memory. Am I having deja vu? Have you >> talking about children's names? >> Is that what it was? Oh, okay. I'm like I know you've said this before. Okay. >> Who could you be? >> Wendy. >> Wendy. It is the pot that boils but the dish that gets the credit. It's true. >> Oh man, smells so good in here right now. And I'm very excited about eating here cuz the last time that we said the last time that we ate here, I said that this was my favorite dish that I've ever had on Walt Disney World property. Where's the journey thing? >> This uh Oh, one from the journey, one from the harvest. That's what it was. >> Okay. Ooh, appetizers. Lamb kepta. That sounds good, too. thing. That's good. >> So, yeah, the last time we were here, we had to refer to the key a lot cuz I didn't I didn't know what anything was. And it was actually like um >> taking for a British curry when you come out. >> Well, it's funny. >> It's is we call it an Indian curry only big. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> Very big. >> I think for us it's Mexican food. >> And I I like that. >> I'm still scared of chewies. >> You Yeah, I know. >> There are hidden Mickeys everywhere in here. There's one right next to you here. >> Oh, yeah. There's one on the table right there. >> So, something that I really like about this restaurant is that >> what's this magical sound that's happening behind me. Is somebody watching an iPad or something? >> You probably Sorry. It was like I don't know if we're all going to be able to hear Adam. >> I feel like maybe I'll take this off. >> You like interview him. >> You don't need to hear me. Nothing exciting is coming out of his mouth. >> Every time we see Adam, we're wearing these and I'm always like talk into my shirt. Like literally every time we see Adam. >> Yeah. But you should hold it like you're doing the thing. >> No, they hated that. >> No, but you could do You guys could sing. >> They literally Don't make me sing. >> Don't make me sing. >> Don't make me sing. >> They were like, >> "Do you sing?" >> What? >> When I have some, people have told me I sing, but out of embarrassment, no. >> Okay. I'm really bad at singing, but >> I love singing so much, but I'm so bad at it. >> I love singing. >> Yeah, >> we sing a lot. >> I think we all like singing. >> I think we all do like singing. That's true. It's It's a nice way to pass the time in the car, >> have a little karaoke moment at home. >> Yeah, >> I have a long coro in my house, so I use that as my runway when I'm filming for a concert. >> Oh, >> I love it. >> How about this? >> So, the movie comes out in February. Um, we're really excited. Um, it's it's a great cast. >> Who are you wearing? >> Uniqlo. >> Love them. I love them so much actually. >> Oh, look. Our food just arrived. But before we dig into that, let's have a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Turo. Turo is the better way to rent whenever you need a car. With over 1,600 makes and models of cars available in the United States, Canada, the UK, Australia, and France. Turo is also available at over 170 airports across the United States and Canada. This means you can book the exact car you want ahead of your trip and have it waiting for you at the airport's Turo location when you land. With Turo, you can choose the exact car you want, pick it up where it's most convenient for you and keep it for as long as you need. Or you can have the car delivered to where you're staying and save time. And it makes it super convenient. We recently used Turo when we went to Las Vegas and the last time we went to Hawaii. The process was so simple. For Vegas, we picked a car up right at the airport. I just booked a car ahead of time and then checked the Turbo app when I landed for exact instructions on where the car was parked. Depending on the airport, you'll pick the car up at the designated airport parking lots, garages, or even curbside. Then I got into the car and headed right to my hotel. It saved me so much time. And for Hawaii, we picked it up and returned the car right at the hotel we were at. We didn't ever have to go anywhere. It was so simple. And best of all, no waiting in line at the rental counter so I could get right to my vacation. I know a lot of you all are going to be traveling for spring break. So, be sure to check the Turo app and book the exact car that you want. Maybe a fun spring break ready car like a convertible or something. I know we could all use that sort of thing after the cold cold winter that we had. Turo is just a better way to rent whenever you need a car. So, we want to say thank you to Turo for sponsoring today's video. And be sure to click the down below or use the QR code on the screen to try Turo for yourself. And now back to the video. Spicy naan, garlic naan. I can smell the >> regular naan. And then this was >> that's a paratha. >> What is that? >> I think this is which one? Long was a plain naan. >> Oh, >> maybe this one. >> I don't really know. Can I touch this? >> I think >> this one's the spicy one. >> The garlic butter maybe. And this one might be regular. What did you say this one was? >> This is a paratha. >> What's a paratha? >> What is that? >> It's a It's a different type of naan basically, but it's made with chapati flour. I think it's normally cooked with layers of butter. So you like layer it almost like a croissant. That sounds delicious. >> And then we've got two spicy ones. >> Spicy, medium spicy. >> The garlic ones I remember are great. So like baked >> garlic. >> I don't know. We're just going to try them all. I think >> they went through everything. >> He did tell us, but >> he just kind of said it so fast. >> He's like, you know what it is. Yeah. Okay. >> This is this, this is this, this is this, this is this. And I was like, >> I imagine that's what they do all day. Everybody, everybody t every table has gotten the bread service, so it's probably like a, okay, here's this. You know what I mean? It's like a probably like >> you have to do it. Like if if you're coming here, the bread service is what it's known for. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Don't skip it. >> You can't not get the bread service. >> I'm not going to eat any. >> What? Okay. More for me. >> All right. Here's what we got. We got the This I got the chicken butter chicken. >> What did I say this was? This was the >> chickpea doll or >> No, yours is lentil. >> Lentil doll. Basmati rice. >> You got >> Oh, sorry. >> You got to hold your hold your your microphone. I got the uh lamb bindaloo the which before so I did look it up in the car what we ordered last time when we did our dining plan video. I'm going to link that video down below so you can see what it used to be and you can watch our whole dining plan journey. Um but now it is a lamb vindaloo, not a pork bindaloo. So the flavor is like a little bit different. I got the chickpe and the bosmati rice. But I'm really like Adam's looks so good. Look at this. >> You got the envi. This is the Zansabari vegetable curry. I feel like that meme. Let's ask the audience, shall we? >> But this smells very good. >> It looks good. It looks really good. I mean, this looks wonderful. I'm I'm going to say that you should come and eat here. Um I haven't even eaten anything yet. >> Let's taste it first. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The idea is you just kind of dump everything on your plate. >> Okay, let's see. >> So, you're going to start with the rice in a nice like >> Should I make a Mickey? Oh, I should have made a Mickey. >> You can't. This is all like This is all flowy. I don't know. >> I could try. Okay. And then I don't want to make a mess. I feel like this is a splashback kind of a >> This is beautiful. >> It might be. >> There we go. Looks so good. >> That is a Mickey if I've ever seen one. >> It kind of does look like a Mickey. Like an ice cream bar. >> Oh yeah. >> Like you know the chocolate on top and >> Yeah. You're saying it looks like an ice cream bar. >> Oh yeah. I don't have my >> As we were leaving, Jen said, "This is what I really like about Son." >> Well, I love that they have like artifacts everywhere just like inside the hotel. So, there's Look at this African currency. It's like a a spinny like a a rod. >> Is it? I think it might be like a bracelet. >> Oh, is it? Okay, that makes more sense, >> maybe. Yeah. >> But like I love this. I think it's really cool that you can come here and learn and eat delicious food. >> And I love that the um the top of the ceiling is like the baobob tree kind of look. Right. >> Banyan. I don't know. I don't know what kind of tree. We should ask. >> I was way off. I said it was a baobob tree. You said it was a banyan tree. >> What did you think it was? >> Just a tree. >> It's an acacia tree. >> Acacia tree. >> So, we got to look that up. He said the biggest one of the biggest trees in Africa. >> And that the dining room is meant to look like a um like a what did he say? Spice market. >> Spice market. Yes. Thank you. See, all three of us will get it. >> Sa means >> artwork. Artworks. >> Yeah. There you go. I love that. Neat. Okay. >> Like this >> shooting star and all you know. >> Look at this. >> I love the chandeliers in here. I love like the inside of the lobbies of both Jambo House and Kadani. Look at that. The zebras are right right there. You know, you get stuff that says Hakuna Matata a lot, but you don't ever find anything that says I always wanted a brother. Look at >> some of these Animal Kingdom Lodge ears >> Jumbo. >> This is a Turvis tumbler. We love a Turvis tumbler in our house. Some DVC merch here. >> Oh, look at this. >> I like >> that's a fun like a fun uh >> Oh, yeah. It's like a hotel key. >> Yeah. So, we are done. You're gonna have to lean into Jen's >> Jen's shirt. >> So, we're done with uh delicious >> with SA. And what did you guys think? >> So, what were the other options? Cuz I know that you were like, we could go here, we could go here, we could go here. And I was like, oh, SA, but what were the other ones? Do you think we made >> I had no idea. >> I we we did kind of plan this a while ago. Just >> do you think we made the right choice? >> Yeah, I think so. >> Yeah, it was it was delicious. Nice atmosphere, nice view, good company. >> It was a It was reasonably priced for what it was, I think. >> What do you give it out of 15? >> Oh, yeah. You do you do out of five. We're going to make it a little more. If it was 15, I would give it 13. >> What are you giving it out of 37? >> What What are you taking two off for? >> I think your dishes were quite expensive. 30 $37 was quite a lot. >> But I only ate half, so I have dinner. But you ate all of yours. >> But I won't eat dinner. >> You're not going to eat dinner? >> No. I'm so full. >> Oh, >> this will last me through a week and a half. >> It was a lot of food. >> I just stopped eating now. >> But mine was really really reasonably priced and really delicious. >> Okay. >> I'm glad I didn't add the chicken on. I think that was nice. as it was. >> I tasted his and it was delicious. I'm actually taking his leftovers home cuz he where he's going. Um he doesn't he doesn't need roads. >> He doesn't need roads. He doesn't need his his vegetable curry. >> I don't have a mikrowave. >> A mikra. >> So I'm going to take it back. Um I thought all the food was I didn't taste yours. I wish I had tasted yours. >> It was delicious. >> But it was really good. I think you should go and try it if you haven't. >> It's a nice place to just visit. You got the animals here. >> Yeah. And >> while you're waiting, especially with kids, I will say with kids, while you're waiting for your table to be ready, go onto the little savannah area, look at the animals, look at the little, you know, chart thing. Sit on a sit on a >> talk to a cast member. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> They've got the cultural representatives doing activities. >> They sometimes do the poop thing. >> You know, >> they do. It's true. You can you can figure out which animal goes to which poop. That's a fun one. >> But, uh, you can sit on a, um, I what is it called? >> A rocking chair. >> A rocking chair. Do that. But yeah, it was a lot of fun. And now we're going to take Adam back to his hotel and we're going to go get Jackson from school. >> Good morning and happy Tuesday. Today is a home vlog. But first, we're going to be doing something very exciting. Something that you have been asking for for kind of a while. Something that Tim has wanted to do for kind of a while, but but you guys especially have made your opinions known. And uh what's going to happen today? >> We're doing karaoke. Believe it or not, I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. >> That's not what we're doing today. >> I'm going to cut my hair. >> It's going to get a haircut. >> Haircut. So, this right here, >> take it in. >> So, I'm going to do I'm going to go back to my roots. >> Back to your roots. >> Yeah. I'm doing emo. >> Oh, yeah. >> I'm going do >> I think that actually looks kind of cool. Keep that. >> Your hair is everywhere. >> So, I like the long hair. I think it's fun. I think it's, you know, it's different. I think it's it's funky and fresh. >> But I am also a bang girly. I like to get bangs. I like to I like to cut bangs and then I like to be like, "That was a horrible idea. Why did I do that?" And then I spend the rest of the year growing out the bangs. >> So, I'm going to cut my bangs in. >> So, this is going to be long. >> Yeah. >> And then I'm going to do bangs in the front. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Right. Pull it all forward. >> So, like I >> cut cut. >> I do a bowl cut. Yeah. Let's just put a bowl on the head. >> We could do it right now, right before I go to the to the barber. >> They'll be like, "Huh?" >> Benny will be like, "What?" >> So, Benny has been Tim's barber for a while. He went to go see him at the Art of Shaving and then Art of Shaving closed. He's moved to a new location. And um so you'll get to see the whole process of you getting your haircut. I'm excited to see what Benny thinks. >> He's going to do a shave, too. So, we're not shaving this off, but he's like, you know, trim it up, make it pretty. That's a That's another thing that people really get mad about is your beard. >> What's the matter with my beard? >> I don't know. They're like, "Shave your beard." It's like, well, but that's what a beard is. It's hair on your face. >> What? Okay. >> Yeah. I don't know. >> Should I shave my beard, too? I look like a I look like a >> No, no, no, no. They don't want you to shave it off. >> Oh, they want me to trim it? >> Yeah. >> This part. Is this what everybody doesn't like? >> Tell Tell us the things that you don't like. >> Tell me everything you don't like about me >> and then leave it in the comments. just the things that I want to change. >> Leave it in the comments down below. All you haters out there, this is your time to shine. >> This is your time to shine. Oh man. >> I'm just kidding. Okay. I think this is going to be a lot of fun. What >> real quick? Well, here's my plan. Show me the >> So, I'm going to cut about probably like that much off. >> You think that that much? >> I don't know. I can't see anymore. I was looking at the So, like maybe this much. I Is this like Yeah, like there like 3 in left on the top. Okay. >> Shave the sides. >> Yeah. >> Right. Not like all the way up, but like fade >> up the sides. I don't know what's going to happen over here yet, >> cuz this is the part that I really don't like is how long this is. >> Um, so I think it's probably going to be cut to like here. So, he'll like fade up to it and then whatever's left will stay there. But I don't want it to like stick. >> I think you should look at some old videos of old haircuts. >> Yeah. >> Like Clark Gable. >> No. Of your old haircut. >> My hair. Okay. Okay. But you're going to be late, so you got to leave. >> Oh, okay. I already texted him. He's like, "No worries." >> Oh, okay. Cool. So, all right. >> Um, but yeah, I'm going to cut it all off. And I wanted to show you guys this, too, because this is how long it is right now. >> Yeah. Look how long >> that I can like I can put it up in a ponytail. >> Yeah. I think that's fun. You never were able to do that. >> Even when I used to have hair down to here >> and my hair is so like thin and slippery that it wouldn't stay in a ponytail ever. >> And so, I was never able to put it in. >> You know what I wish you had done? Somebody I wish you had gotten a perm and then cut your hair. >> Oh man. >> Cuz the perm I think would have looked really cool. >> You know what I should have done? I should have done like the heatless overnight curls as like a >> You don't have enough hair for that perm like those little teeny tiny ones, right? >> You You have to curl it with a curling iron for that. >> Oh >> yeah, it should have done that. >> Dang. >> Put some crimps in it real quick. >> I don't have to. You're You literally have to leave right now or you're going to be late. Just >> saying. >> We'll grow it out. So cut cut your hair and then grow it out. >> Grow out the beard and we'll perm the beard. No, that's going to be that's going to be our next uh our next step. >> Stay tuned. >> Stay tuned. >> So, some of you guys may recognize where we're at. This is ID Drive right over there. Tom's Watch Bar is up on the top of that parking garage. The Walt Disney World wraparound banner is there. There's that big McDonald's. I don't It used to be the world's largest McDonald's, but it's not anymore. Now, it's like some other thing that it is. Yeah. We're on the corner of this is I4 in Sand Lake. So, that's where we're headed to. We're headed over to the Shave Company where Benny will cut my hair. This Drury Inn right here is the one that's closest to Universal. Universal is kind of like right behind it over there. You can't see it right now, but we're real close to Universal. There's a sign up there that says Universal Studios this way. We're going to the salon lofts back here behind these buildings here. Attorney office is up top and then some other restaurants and things back here. This is Jimmy John's. Let's see if I can find a parking spot. Here we go. We're going into Salon Lofts. And he actually has the very first first uh studio as soon as you walk in. So, he's right there. Easy. Oh, no. There's nobody there. Oh, there he is. Hi, Benny. So, yeah, we're gonna we're gonna cut it off, right? >> Yeah, I think so. Almost like a mullet knife. >> Yeah, we got to trim some of that, too. >> Yeah, >> like blend this in. >> Right. There it is. We're all done. That's how it's going to look. Before we left the house, we said we're going to do the clown. We're going to shave this and leave this long. Long time. Wonder I feel good. My favorite part is getting my beard done. Now I got to fall asleep. Feel like I'm in the 1990s. Got to wear my like my bad boy shirt. My no fear shirt. >> No fear. >> Yeah. >> Wow. You just paid yourself, man. >> JCO jeans. Oh yeah. Ooh, long far. Wrong. >> Oh, there it is. Brand new haircut. I like it. Feels good. Feel lighter than air. >> All right, it's a little bit later. Tim came home. I got to see his hair. Looks very nice. >> Oh, thank you. >> And then we are now going to the post office because I have some stuff that I need to ship out. Um I have some stuff that I need to ship out for Depot. I have some which I need to add some new things to Dep Depot. I have a big like stack of things that I want to add. So I'm going to find hopefully find the time to do that cuz I have some things that I think will people might be interested in for this like upcoming spring season. And uh I also have we have some winners like some people won some stuff on some giveaways that we did. The chromulent basement giveaway where we went to that like cool '9s store that like nostalgic store. We had a giveaway for that. And we also decided to surprise one of our Patreon members uh with a fun a fun surprise as well. So I have to mail that out. So if you want to check out our Patreon, I'm going to link it down below. But sometimes we do some fun surprises there. >> Oh tonight. Yeah, I totally forgot. Tonight we have our watch party, uh, which is going to be so fun because we were celebrating the Winter Olympics and also Black History Month and we're going to be watching Cool Runnings. >> Yeah. >> So, it should be I haven't seen that movie since it came out. Like, it's been like 37,000 years. >> We're going to get our lucky eggs. >> Yeah, we're going to We should >> Was it a boiled egg that he had or was it It was his egg. >> I think it was a real egg, but I don't like >> a regular old egg. >> I think a boiled egg would be less like messy, impossible to break, >> right? you know. So, we could do we could do boiled eggs. For the next one, we don't have our next one picked out, but maybe for the next one we can do like a a themed little snack plate or something to go with it. >> Oh, that'll be fun. Yeah, the next one will be a March. What's a good March movie? >> H the March of the Penguins. >> Oh, we could dress like little penguins. >> I don't know. What would a good March movie be? Let us know. March is spring. March is >> the ides of March. >> It's a flower and garden festival. >> Okay. Yeah. Tell us what the March hair. >> The March hair. >> Yeah. The you know the bunny. Yeah. >> Let us know what we should watch. If you're a member of Patreon, let us know what you want to watch. But um but yeah, so now we're headed to the airport. No, we're not. We're not headed to the airport, but we are driving past FedEx plane place where the FedEx planes live. So that's what made me say the airport. We're going to the post office. >> Yeah, I did take a wrong exit and I went to the airport and I was like this isn't where I want to be. I want to be at the post office. I'm feeling a bit discombobulated today, not going to lie. But uh but yeah, let's go mail this stuff. Let's go mail this stuff. >> So, I got this haircut and I came home and I said, "Hey boys, what do you think of my haircut?" And they said, "Oh." And that was their reaction. I thought for sure they'd be like, "Whoa, you don't have any hair anymore." Nope. >> You have hair. >> Yeah. What do you think of it, though? Do you like my haircut? >> You said yes. >> Whoa. Sound like you were about to start playing meatloaf there for a second. was meatloaf. >> There was a singer named Meatloaf. >> All right, let's hear Aloet Jackson. >> Good job, buddy. So, he's already started site reading. Like, I know it says the letters, but he knows what the letters are. >> What's the song called again? >> Eloet. >> Oh, Eloet. >> Yeah. Gold stars. Good job, buddy. Let's hear Let's hear your song, Oliver. >> But what what rhymes does tiger catch his foot? >> What rhymes with tiger catches foot? But >> beautiful. >> Good job. All right, so the boys are playing Hot Wheels and I'm in charge of making dinner tonight. So, I've got some potatoes. These are like these little tiny potatoes and I just cut them up into cubes pretty much here. And I'm going to put some olive oil in there and then some salt and pepper. Then I'm going to put them in the air fryer. It's like little these are like almost like breakfast potatoes. So Jen and I are probably going to have steak tonight. And the boys are going to split this chicken breast right here. The chicken all we do is olive oil again, salt, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder, and then Mediterranean spices. >> Remember, I make mine so so crispy. >> I will make yours so so crispy. >> Here's the final product right here. Oh, some potatoes with ketchup, some chicken, some broccoli. You like potatoes, too, Oliver? Uhuh. >> This way. You don't always come back to you. >> You do like potatoes. Mhm. >> So, you should eat them. They're right there. >> Give them a try. All right. I put the steaks down. Salt, pepper, butter. That's it. We just got to cook them up. All right. There's the final outcome of our steaks. Looks pretty good. >> They smell very good. >> I've been editing the Pokémon video. It's finally up. So, I'm going to link that down below. If you The kids are being silly. I'm going to link that down below. If you guys haven't seen it already, please go watch it. What? >> They're making faces at each other. >> But he's like, >> "Oh, yeah. It looks pretty good." >> I'm very, very hungry. So, normally I wouldn't just like use my fingers, but because it's for us, I'm going to use my fingers. >> It's okay. You can use your fingers. Who says you're not allowed to? >> Uh, I'm sure somebody somebody out there will say >> this isn't a restaurant, baby. >> It's now what I like to call mommy and daddy gremlin time. When you hover over everything that's left in the kitchen and eat it with your fingers. >> Like m potato crumbs. >> Eat Jen's hair with my fingers. >> I tried to eat the broccoli, but it was ice cold. >> Yeah, that's what happens to broccoli when you leave it out on the counter top for 20 minutes. >> The steak was really good, though. >> You know what I like? >> What? >> Cleaning up after cooking steak. >> Oh my gosh. >> Boy, that's my favorite thing, let me tell you. Mhm. Oh, yes. >> You cooked all clean. And then we have our watch party tonight. So, I got to make sure we got to get them down for bath time, bedtime. Got to clean all this up cuz I'm not going to do it after the movie. >> Right. Cuz it's >> I just got to shiver cuz I had the windows open. It's freezing cold outside. >> What's the temperature? >> Let me look. Hold on. >> Uh 53°. >> What? >> Frozen solid. >> I mean, I'm I still have my snow. These are my like snow pants. >> Whoa. I bought these for like the actual snow. >> Who got you that heart-shaped chocolate tin? >> So, when we >> Not me. >> When we went to have dinner at For Flamingos with our friends, um, Scott and Katie from Dish on Dish Upon a Bar, they brought some chocolates. I'm going to eat one. What's this one >> that says Oh, yeah. They make it easy for you. Put it on the bottom of the box. >> Yeah. Why do they put on the bottom of the Put it on this. >> Put it on that thing. Right. >> Yeah. What? What? >> That makes perfect sense. >> It does. So, there's white chocolate, coconut, hazelnut. >> Hazelnut. >> I think this is hazelnut, but I don't really know. >> Weird. >> This might be like an almond joy. >> Oh, does it have almonds or is just Oh, it's mountains. >> Oh, yeah. >> Sometimes you feel like a nut. >> Sometimes you don't. >> Not >> Not like an Almond Joy. >> Not like a mountain. That is good. >> There's milk chocolate, dark chocolate, and these are both milk chocolate. Yeah, these are milk. Do you want any of this? >> No, cuz I already ate I already ate mine. >> Oh, you had the cookie from summer house also from that. >> No, no, I already ate mine. There was like I split it in half. I There was two of these already like up there and I already had those and there was like six hearts total and I already had three of them. >> M >> Oh, no. Is that right? Six. Five. Yeah, six. Yeah. >> I'm going to save the rest. >> Okay. >> I think that's the hardest part about we're we're very different. If we're splitting something like a sweet treat, you'll eat your whole half. >> Yeah. right away. But I will savor my half for like weeks. >> It kills me. >> And you're like, "Are you going to eat that candy in there?" And I'm like, "Yeah, because that's my portion of the candy." >> I know. >> Just because you ate yours really fast doesn't mean that I have to eat mine very fast. >> You should though. >> No, I like to savor. I'm a big saber. >> That's what I call daddy gremlin time. >> All right. So, it's after dinner. Are you okay? >> I was just looking at my hair. I like fell asleep in Jackson's bed for a minute. So, I feel like I'm I have sort of my hair is not as nice looking as it was earlier today. >> I'm excited to see how it looks when like you do it tomorrow. >> I don't think it's going to look as nice, but >> You think? >> We'll try. I will definitely try. >> I think it will. But we So, after dinner, we I cleaned up. You put the kids to bed and then we came downstairs and watched Cool Runnings. >> Oh, it was so good. >> I like forgot. I've seen the movie. It's not It's not that I haven't seen the movie, but I haven't seen it for a really long time. And it's such a good movie. >> Yeah. >> And I didn't realize it was a true story. >> Yeah. >> Like, what the heck? >> First time the Jamaicans had a bobsled team. >> I had no idea. Like, I I don't know why I didn't think it was a real movie, but it is. And you should watch it. If you haven't seen it, you should watch it. We had so much fun chatting with everybody in the Discord. We did a little movie watch party for Patreon, and it was so good. It's really funny. Like it's a really funny movie, but it's also like very heartwarming and it like gave me chills. There were parts where you like we weren't even typing. Nobody was typing because it was like >> like one of those moments, you know, >> and um it was so good. You should watch it. Sanka, the Douggee Doug guy in the movie, he was he was really funny. >> Yeah. >> It was good though. It was very good. There was lots of like, you know, good life lessons and and I don't know. It was great. >> Yeah. So, um, but now it's midnight and we have to go to bed. So, >> I got to get up early. >> We have to, uh, Oliver has swim lessons tomorrow. We have a birthday dinner to go to. We had a lot of birthdays this month. >> This is springtime. >> Yeah. Lots of birthday. Oh, is that what it is? >> Yeah. >> The natural mamalian rhythm. >> Okay. Yeah. So, like lots of people were born >> in the spring >> because of No, not in the spring. >> Is it not spring right now? >> No, it's winter. >> It's winter. A lot of people were born in the winter because of spring. >> What month is it? >> Just February. >> February. So what's what's 9 months ago? >> What happened? >> September. >> Do you remember? >> Wait, is it September? Like is that No, that can't be right. >> That doesn't sound like nine months ago. Do you want me to do math? What month? What's the second month? >> Let me just start. Let me start. Let me do it like this. June is the sixth month, right? So 6 plus So I think it's actually what's before June. May June May. >> So May 5 + 7 is 12 + 2 is 9. So So that was so May. >> I want you to zoom in on my face with those numbers that are coming out of it. >> Do you understand what I just did? No, but like you understand what I meant, right? >> Yes. But when you were saying it, my face was that meme. >> The math checks out. So May, lots of people getting boogieing down in May. >> Mother's Day. >> Is that what it is? >> No, I don't think so. Like >> I often think about I was born in November. Jackson was born in November. >> Valentine's Day. >> It is. It's Valentine's Day. So just something to think about if you're a November baby. >> Yeah. >> Anyway, I don't know where >> if I was born in March. What is that? >> Oh my gosh. The Grand Canyon. >> It's the next one. It's September. >> No, it was >> Oh, just kidding. It's not September. It's June. >> Fun fact about me. It's summer time. >> It was the Grand Canyon. >> No, it was it I thought it was um the one in Georgia. Stone Mountain, >> was it? >> That's what your mom said. >> I thought it was Grand Canyon. I've been living a lie. >> No, I literally think she said We'll have to ask her, but I think it was Stone Mountain. >> Okay. >> Are you learning things you didn't want to know? Sorry. Okay, we got to go to bed. It's It's a late night with the Trackers now, but we had so much fun. Tim got his haircut. >> We went to SA with Adam Hatton. >> We I had I had we had that dinner was delicious. It made for great leftovers. Dinner tonight was very good. And then we watched coolings. You know what? What a day. >> But who could ask for anything more? >> Who could ask for anything more? Not me. >> Yeah, >> I wouldn't I wouldn't dare ask for anything more. This was great. Okay, we got to go to bed. >> Happy birthday, everybody. Cuz I know it's your birthday >> because of May. >> No, right now. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. May. It's going to be May. >> It's going to be That's what it was. Justin Timberlake. >> I don't think it was Justin. >> Is that right? Is he the guy? >> Yeah, he is the one who said it. >> Okay, good. By the way, if you guys are from Orlando, they're doing the 7C's food festival at SeaWorld right now. and like uh 98° LFO and one of the guys from InSync are performing not all at the same time >> three different days. >> Well, we also just >> having like a boy band summer. >> We missed uh Joey Fetone and AJ McClean. >> They were just at Marty GR. >> That's who it is. AJ McClean's going to seven C's, too. >> He's doing both. >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. >> He's he's living his best life. >> He's just out there. All right. So, with that being said, uh, thank you guys so much for hanging out with us today. We had a lot of fun. We'll see you in the next one. And with that being said, >> all in all, it was a fantastic day. >> It was. >> And with that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
