---
video_id: WUwWgCZpHXA
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Packing For Our Favorite Beach, Unboxing Pokopia Plushies & Vacation House Tour! Anna Maria Island!"
published: 2026-03-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUwWgCZpHXA
---
Good morning everybody. We're in the Target parking lot and we are headed to actually my parents house because uh we're getting my dad some bagels. He has requested we pick him up some bagels, but we're also picking up the trailer because we're getting ready to go on a trip to the beach. And the beach town that we're going to, Anamarie Island, is a golf cart community. So, we are able to bring our golf cart out there. So, why not? >> Normally, we rent a golf cart, but this time we have our own. >> We're bringing it. >> We're doing it. It's our first time bringing it out to the beach. I >> cuz we haven't been since we got the golf ball cart. >> I know. >> Yeah. So, we're excited to finally go back. >> It's going to be good. I like this. You either get a castle >> or a goose. Ooh, this mannequin is very like '9s. This is how we used to dress. I didn't dress. I mean, maybe Jen did, but this is like this is the way it was. Looks like Sarah Michelle Giller, right? Buffy the Vampire Slayer. >> Yes. >> This right here, right? >> Oh, yeah. >> Doesn't it look like that? >> Kind of. You know who you know who was a uh like a shadow uh executive producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, the TV show? >> Dolly Pardon. >> Really? >> Yeah, >> that makes sense. >> I sold a bunch of stuff like this on Depot from the '90s. Like literally from the '90s, >> right? >> They're trying to run you out of the market. Target is heck yeah. Put me in some cowboy boots and a tassled skirt and I'm there. Do you remember when you were little and they used to have those game shows >> for like kids like Legends of Hidden Temple type stuff and they you one of the things you had to do is like get like a giant coin. >> Oh yeah. >> And then you'd put it in your gigantic coin purse like this. >> So what's it about cowboy hats and cowboy boots these days? But like this is fun. You know what girls like? >> What? >> Big pants. >> Well, I was thinking for the beach like >> Yeah, some big pants. And then they have a matching tank top, too. >> Oh, heck yeah. Just like >> pockets. >> Pockets. These are like pant pockets on the front of a sweatshirt for you. You can put like a water bottle in there. >> Maybe that's what it's for. >> Maybe it is like double water bottles for when you're shooting some oops, you know, playing some Bball. >> These basketballs are making me thirsty. >> No, I mean, when you're working out, you know? Kind of wanted to get an Aura ring. A lot of people have them. I like the idea of it. I don't like that it's like a yearly subscription though, so I wanted to try and I guess the sizes are different. Like I wear this I just got this ring cuz mine was too big. So I bought this one for $24 on Amazon. >> They're so thick. >> Yeah. >> Wow. Okay. >> But the uh they said the sizing is different cuz I wear an 8 and 1/2 in this. So I'm interested to see like what does that mean in this size in this ring? So I did try on the ring. I think I have to be a size eight and I think I would just replace this ring with it. Gengar. >> This is for hot goblin and hot goblin only. >> Oh, yeah. They go out and they get this and they like walk around the store with this. >> It's $50. >> I think that's why they don't buy it. >> Yeah, that's crazy. Wo. It's not I thought it was a squishallow. It's not squishy. >> This is what I would store. >> I would be so excited for the Magikarp. >> These are so cute. Okay, these are cute and they're so soft. >> A little turvish down there. >> Look at this. It's a little This is what I want for my purse. Yeah, I love it >> for your purse. >> Cuz right now I have my Donald. >> You have your Donald Douglas boo boo. >> I do. >> And you have a honey. >> Somebody gave this to Tim on the last day of muffins. >> Last day of muffins. >> Yeah. So that's what's on my my purse. But imagine a little Snorlax on my purse. Can >> you put that on your sleeping bag? >> Do you? Oh, right. Yeah. Yeah. Or my lunch box cuz he likes to eat. >> Every time I see Chopper from One Piece, it reminds me of Parappa the Rappa. >> Oh, yeah. >> Doesn't it? >> Yeah. I remember that guy. >> But it's not. It's this is the guy from One Piece. You know what I'm jealous of? I'm jealous of people that like enjoy a good pen. I've never specifically gone out and bought a pen. Every single pen that I own is from like a hotel or like given to me like from the bank or something like that. But I know that people really enjoy pens and I'm jealous of that. I wish that I enjoyed pens. >> I'm just saying. You know how people like have a favorite pen? >> I do. >> You have a favorite pen or you know that about people? >> No. Yeah. Yeah, I have my favorite. >> Yeah, I'm jealous of that. I just have like a like a pen from a from a bank or like from out. >> Sometimes those are the best ones. Sorry. >> What do you have? >> I'm getting these. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> They don't have the liquid version of this, so I'm going to try the shampoo bar. >> Okay. >> Which is less plastic waste. So, >> there you go. We did it. What are these kids running from? What's so scary back there? All right. So, we got the trailer hooked up to the Rivian. Here's something that's interesting is that you've got the tow. As soon as you plug in the thing for towing, it brings up the towing menu. And I've got two different sets. I've got the empty trailer and then I've got the trailer with the golf cart on it. Right. And then I have accessory, too, cuz we have a little basket that can go on there. And it automatically changes the range and everything like that depending on how much weight you're towing. It's nice. I don't know what this is. Oh, yeah. That's what that's just a normal thing. Okay. So, that's cool, right? It's neat. and it is constantly changing the factors as you're driving and adjusting the efficiency and stuff like that. All right, so we are back home. I have to pull the trailer into the garage really quick, but the package came while we were gone and I wanted to show it to you guys because amazing. So, because Pokeia, right, for those of you guys that don't know, Pokeia is a game for the Switch 2 based on Pokemon, but it has the mechanics of like Minecraft and Animal Crossing kind of mixed in there. It's like a cozy game. No real like conflict in there. So, Jackson has it right now. But the main character is Ditto. Ditto is a Pokemon that kind of looks like a blob, little purple blob. But the thing about Ditto is it can replicate any other Pokemon that it's ever seen. 99% of the way. Its face still kind of stays as Ditto. And Ditto's face is like two dots and a line for a mouth. So, in celebration of the release of Pokeia, the Pokemon Center, which is a place that makes all the Pokemon merch, I guess you would call it, the Pokemon merch. Uh, it's where they make the stuffies and stuff like that, have made other Pokemon or Ditto replicating other Pokemon. So, the kids haven't seen these yet. That's why I'm not taking them out of the bag. But, this is Turbish, Charmander, Dragonite, amazing, Magikarp, Snorlax, Gengar, and that's it. That's what I got. Those are so much fun to me because it's a unique take on other Pokémon and what a fun way to like celebrate the release of the new game. But like yeah, we got those and the kids haven't picked them out yet. So I just wanted to show them to you guys before the kids get into it. Show me how Dragonite's face looks. >> Amazing. Show me Gengar's face. >> Gengar is so >> and Turbish. >> I think Turbish is my favorite. Whoa. >> Show me Snorlax. What? >> Snorlax is like one of the only ones that's smiling. >> He kind of looks the same. >> All right, show me Magikarp. Oh, no. >> And Turbish are my favorites. >> There he is. That was the best face. >> Let me see Magikarp's face. Wait, wait, let me see. Oh, no. Let me see Magikarp's face. >> You have too many too many plushies to hold. >> There he is. >> I can hold all my plushies. So cute. >> Also got this. Like we said, we're bringing the golf cart to the beach and it has a hitch on the car, but I need to like tighten the hitch. So, we'll see if this works. It should. The idea is there, but we'll see. I got to go. I got two of them. One for the top piece and one for the bottom piece. So, this is the idea. This is the hitch. And you can see it's got like a lot of movement points here, here, and here. So, when you got the trailer on there, it's like really like jumbling around, making a lot of noise. So, this you can see the picture here, goes on there and kind of tightens it up. So, we're going to put one back here and we'll try to put one here, too. I don't know how well this one will work because it can it's like sliding up and down. We'll see whichever ones work. If it works, it works. If not, it'll be okay. And the first one's on. It's not the ideal situation cuz I'd like for this kind of gap here to be a little bit smaller because it's hitting this like down brace here. But, it is in and it's like definitely tighter in there. making less noise. So, let's put the next one on and we'll try to tighten this one up a little bit more with a bigger wrench. See if it'll change anything. So, I think we're pretty good as far as like the way that it is being held in place. Nice and tight. Uh I just got to cut these bolts off real quick. A little bit long for the hitch. I couldn't do it backwards because of also that little angle thing back there. One side down, one to go. And I know what you guys are thinking. Tim, why aren't you using a power saw? Why are you using a handsaw? Power saw will be too loud cuz Oliver is trying to sleep in the bedroom not far away from here. And done. Later I'll come out and hit these with the impact wrench and then we'll call it a day. I think it'll be good. We're watching Princess Diaries in the Discord for Patreon for a watch party. >> This is my favorite song. >> All right, so it is a little bit later. We went and had dinner. We ended up going to We just went out really quick and grabbed something super fast that Jackson's been asking for and then he didn't even eat it. So, kids, you know, but um uh we're leaving tomorrow to go to the beach. So, I am going to run upstairs. I'm getting some laundry done and then I'm going to run upstairs and get the kids finished packing the kids and I have to figure out because we're going to be um we rented a house for a week and I So, I want to bring it's not like we're going on a cruise or um you know, like that. So, I want to bring all of the things that we use for the week and like the snacks that the kids love. I want to bring this might sound a little over the top, but I want to bring like our favorite pan that we use every morning that we cook the kids pancakes with, you know, I don't know, silly stuff like that. So, I want to get all of those things together, like the snacks that they eat every day and um or not every day, but just stuff that they like. I I like I don't know. I'm getting to the point now where I'm like, should I bring our vacuum? Should I bring which probably not, you know? Um, I'm going to bring these. We got these for the kids and they both really love these. It's like a fun little snack like treat. So, some Pokémon fruit snacks. And then, um, yeah, I have to do some cleaning. I got to clean up the counters. I ordered some like beachy, which is kind of silly. I ordered some beachy stuff for um like some clothes. just some, you know, maybe like a new little cover up and things like that for the beach, but it's actually going to be cold and rainy and windy while we're there. Not the whole time, but a lot of the time. So, um I don't actually know what I'm bringing. Yeah. So, got to figure that out. Um Tim is upstairs getting the kids ready for bath time. I'm going to pack and then I'm going to come downstairs and clean up the counters and I'm finishing some laundry. But these are the things that we do the day before we leave for a trip. So, come pack with me. >> All right, so we've been packing. Here's all the stuff that Jen has is going to be packing, like all of her clothes. Here's what I got so far. >> No, I'm just kidding. I haven't started yet. This is just like stuff I have to fold. >> Something I'd like to do is get a light in here that's not so yellow. Does it look so yellow? >> Uh, a little bit. >> Yeah. So, the other thing, let me come closer. The other thing is that it's going to be in like the mid50s to low 70s for like the majority of the time that we're there. >> If the sun comes out, it'll feel really nice. Probably too cold to go swimming, but it'll be nice outside. >> But the house that we rented has a pool and it says it's heated. So, if it is heated, I think we'll be okay to at least swim maybe during like when the sun is at its highest. >> Yeah. >> But, uh I think it's going to be nice to just be at the beach. like the the beach sounds, you know, the ocean air. I think that's going to be really nice. The view, like our our back door literally opens out like to the ocean. So, that's going to be really nice. But, I am a little bit like I don't know how to pack for a beach trip where it's going to be cold, you know? Like, how do you pack for that? >> Yeah. >> So, let me know in the comments. I mean, I'm going to have to pack before I read the comments, but I just am curious what you would pack. I'm going to pack stuff kind of like this, I think. >> Yeah. like comfy pants, comfy sweaters, layers. >> Mhm. In today's video, we're going to be discussing what to wear. >> Um I almost want to show you every outfit that I packed. Should I do that? >> No. >> Why? >> You can if you'd like to. Are you going to like model it? You mean >> like a um So, a long time ago, we went to Tokyo with >> Wait, what? >> Really quick. >> Yeah, tell me. >> The best feeling in the world is cold beach sand on bare feet. >> I'm like I'm excited to be at the beach. Yeah, I'm not like I'm not I am a little bit bummed. I'd like for it to be warm. Obviously, I want to go like in the ocean, but even if we can't, I don't think it's going to be like a like a bad trip. Do you know what I mean? Like, I think that we're still going to have the beach trip. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah. I can't wait to get on like I I want to put my toes in the sand. And there are some restaurants down there in Maria that um Or is that up? Oh, it's down, right? >> It's down. >> It's like down and over. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> do there are some restaurants that you literally can sit out on the beach, toes in the sand, order your dinner, eat a nice a nice fish sandwich. >> Yeah. >> You know, some seafood, some not seafood. >> Yeah. >> But yeah, >> Brussels sprouts. >> It's Oh, yeah. And they attract the flies. I don't know what it is, but we we love to go to the sandbar. And there's another The Sandbar owns the beach club, the sandbar, and another place. >> Beach house. >> Is it the beach house? What's the other one? >> I don't know. >> There's one more. I think it might be the beach club, the beach house, and the sandbar. It might be those three. >> Is that what it is? >> I think so. >> Oh, okay. But I love all those restaurants. They're so nice. One of them, I think it's the Sandbar, has the Brussels sprouts, and whenever we would order them, it would just attract so many flies. >> Yeah. And as soon as they take Brussel Brussels sprouts away, flies are gone. >> I don't know what it is. Is it the smell? >> It's the stink of Brussels sprouts. >> But do flies love asparagus? Cuz I feel like it's the same. >> Asparagus doesn't stink the same way that Brussels sprouts does. >> Oh, pretty stinky. >> Yeah. Don't you think? >> Yes, but I think it's different in the in the eyes of a fly. In >> the eyes of a fly? >> Yeah. >> Okay. We'll have to We'll We'll test it out while we're there. >> You know what they say? >> What? >> Fly to be a fly on the wall. >> To be a fly at the beach near Brussels sprout. >> You know what? I got to say, >> I have an issue with that saying, >> right? >> A fly on the wall. >> Yeah, being a fly on the wall. Okay. >> Cuz like, do flies have good hearing? No, but they have like 10,000 eyes. >> Yeah, but like if you're on the wall, you're looking up at the ceiling, right? You're not like looking at the action that's happening out in the middle of the room. >> Why wouldn't you be? >> The idea was >> you have to keep your eye on the person that's going to spot you with a a spotter. >> It's true. >> They always have their eye on you. >> But the thing is >> that's how they like that's how when you go to like get them, they fly away really quick. >> But the thing is usually when somebody says, "Oh, to be a fly on the wall," they're talking about like listening in on a conversation. like to be there. >> Yeah. >> Be in the room where it happens. >> Yeah. That's like a fly on the wall. >> Yeah. I get you. >> I'm glad we cleared it up. >> Yeah. If these walls could talk. >> Oh, so wait. Yes. That's what I was going to say. So, we went on a trip a few years, probably like 10 years ago now, close to 10 years ago with Krispy S'mores with our friends Stephy and Dave. We went to Tokyo. Um, we met them there and when we came back, we did our haul of like the things that we bought and they did a haul of their things that they bought, but they did it in such a cool way. They did it where they like they they stood like this and they had their outfit on and then they did like a transition like kind of like like Tik Tok and Instagram now >> like how it is now. They were like trailblazers and they did the transition to like their next outfit. >> Should I do that? >> Sure. >> I can show you what I'm bringing with like a fun like how they did it. >> All right, I'll go get the tripod. >> No. Do you need a tripod? >> Yeah, that's how you do it. >> I don't think you need a tripod. >> All right. >> Do you? >> Let's do it. >> Okay. >> Okay. Okay, so this is my first outfit. Beachy pants, beachy shirt, little sweater, but I can take the sweater off and just a little beachy outfit. >> That was Oh, wait. You got to wait till I'm back up top. Now do the jump. >> Okay, >> perfect. >> Next outfit. So, again, it's going to be cold. I've got a shirt, some kind of linen, beachy fun pants, and then I've got same sweater in brown. Cute little sweater moment, but I can take it off. >> I like that you just keep telling us that you can take a sweater off. I'm so proud of you for that. >> Maybe people don't know. >> I know. >> Take your sweater off. >> It can happen. >> Are you warm? Take off your sweater. >> That's That's the layering thing. It's a gen hack. Okay, next. >> Another gen hack. You can put that same sweater on a different outfit. >> You can wear a sweater more than once. >> Who knew? >> Who knew? So, I've got it on with this little tank top. Little boho flowy moment. >> I like it. >> Jean shorts. >> Are you showing the shoes, too? The same shoes you've been wearing. >> It's just Yeah. You know, a little sandal. But the Hopefully, it'll be warm enough to wear this. >> Yeah. Oh, you didn't jump. Go back. >> Sorry. >> Another gen hack. You can't take this sweater off, >> but you if you're brave enough, you could. I'm not. But yeah, you a gen hack. Buy more than one sweater. So this same shorts. I don't know if you can tell, but it's like a white and yellow striped sweater. It just felt so beachy. But if it's too cold to wear shorts, you can put it on with a pair of widelegg white linen pants. >> Look at that. >> Look at that. These are so comfortable, by the way. Highly recommend. Honestly, everything's been very comfortable or I wouldn't be wearing it. So, there's that. >> Oh, I was going to say just wait. Don't This is all from Target. >> Oh, yeah. Literally everything is from Target. So, >> now do a jump >> with the exception of this green outfit, which you'll see the bottoms in a second, but I just thought this is a like a bathing suit cover up. I am wearing a bra under this, but I just thought it was cute also with the white linen pants, but you could wear it as a whole set like so. Here it is with the pants. >> Look at that. You look like you're from the 1970s. >> I love this. I like if you don't like it, that's fine. I love it. I love it enough for the both of us. But I just thought this was so cute and I'm going to wear it as a bathing suit cover up, especially on those chillier days. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, this is not everything that I'm bringing, but I just wanted to give you the overall vibe of what I'm going for on this trip. I do have more shorts that I'm bringing, but it's all stuff you've already seen. So, this was just new stuff. So, yeah. Thanks for coming along. >> Now, just elevator down. Oh. Uh, >> this is what I got that's new. Just these shorts right here. >> Look how cute they are. I don't know if you can see the print, but it's like a little leaf print. These are from Quint. >> Yeah. >> I just got Yeah. They're called Italian swim trunks. >> Yeah. But I got the shorter of the two sizes even. >> You did? >> These are the 5 in. >> Whoa. >> Rather than the 9 in. These are the shortest shorts that I've ever owned. But yeah, I think these are really cute. I think you could wear these as just like regular shorts, too. >> Do you like exercise running in them? >> You could. >> This is how >> Show me your other ones cuz you got two pairs. >> Got two pairs. >> Yeah. Do your hop. >> Oh, how many times am I jumping? >> Well, they don't know. They're only seeing the last one. >> You guys saw all of them. Put every single one in there. >> So, here's the next pair. I'm I'm like in the shadow, but you guys can kind of see their like wave print. Look how cute. A dark little little uh band there. or what do you call that? Drawstring. Kind of looks like a friendship bracelet. >> Oh, >> yeah. It's cute. I love it. All right. Should you do another hop? >> No. This is the last one. You don't hop in. >> Oh, elevator down. Elevator down. You ready? >> Yeah. >> All right. It is 1:00 a.m. It's a few hours later. We're not fully packed. We are, I would say, like 70% packed. And I just did the dishes, so that is going. And uh I think we're going to pick this up in the morning because it is 1:00 a.m. So I'm going to go to bed. I think Tim's already asleep. I just needed to like clean up the dishes a little bit. And yeah, we'll see you in the morning. Yeah. And then the next video will be us going to the beach. I'm so excited. I cannot wait. So, okay. See you in the morning. Good night. Sleep tight. Have sweet dreams. See you in a little bit. Good morning. >> Oh, good morning. How's it going? >> What are you bringing? We're packing the car up right now. >> Yeah. >> Okay. I didn't I didn't show you everything >> around in the >> So, we haven't put the golf cart on the trailer just yet, >> but we did start putting our suitcases in >> and our toiletries and some food. We've got some food that we're going to bring. Yeah, we're uh I don't know. I'm kind of dragging cuz I didn't have any coffee today. >> Oh, no. >> I know. And I don't think we can get coffee on the way out there because we have the trailer. >> Yeah. Like I don't I don't think we can go through that line with a trailer. >> But it's a 2-hour drive and you know what coffee does. >> It makes me have caffeine. >> Makes you have to pee. >> No. All right. So, we have the cooler packed up. So, this is all of our cold and frozen food. So, we've got like, you know, breakfast, lunch, dinner stuff, milk, eggs, waffles. This is all of our like meats and everything. Um because when you go to Anamaria, everybody checks in on the same day and checks out on the same day. It's like part of their um I was reading about it how it's in order to rent a house it has to be Saturday to Saturday. Yeah. >> Like if you are buying a house to rent like to use as a rental property so everybody leaves on the same day and comes in on the same day. So >> So like the residents don't do anything on Saturdays. >> I wouldn't. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean that sounds awful. >> Yeah. >> But so we decided to bring all of this so that we don't have to go grocery shopping as soon as we get there. I'm sure we'll run to the store at some point. But we've got a lot. >> Yeah. >> So, >> yeah. >> Yeah. Should be pretty good. I'm sure we'll eat out a few times while we're there, too. But I also wanted to bring like, you know, spices that we use. What is this? Onion, garlic, taco seasoning, that kind of stuff. Cuz, you know, if we have it. Wo, I just realized my hair. Sorry, my hair looks wild. But if we have it, bring it, you know. >> Also, we're going to try to head out there a little bit early because check-in time's at 4:00 and that's when everybody tries to get onto the island is 4:00. So, we're going to try to get there between 2:30 and 3. That's the idea. We'll see how it goes. >> All right, we're on the road. We're passing >> Champions We're not going to Veridian City. We're passing Champions Gate, which this is kind of like the worst area to be driving in if you Well, cuz there's a lot of traffic >> and it's raining. But it's actually not that bad. And it's not like we're not dead stop traffic, you know, >> yet. >> Yet. Okay. Well, there's a lot of brake lights up there. >> Oh, no. The GPS is showing that there's two accidents, but it doesn't look so bad. I don't know. I'm I'm hopeful. I'm thinking positively. All right, we're about an hour into the trip and we're passing Dinosaur World. >> We should go. >> We So, we went many years Well, you went many years ago. I'm going to link that video down below. I don't know if anything's really changed in that time. >> And then there was We always passed this restaurant. Well, I guess it's not a restaurant anymore, but it used to be like a river boat restaurant, but like docked, you know? Yeah. Dinosaur World right over here. There it is. It's open daily. >> Dinosaur World. >> Here's the dinosaur right here. >> Oh, yeah. Look over here, Jackson. >> He's waving. >> There he is. >> Got big old feet. pretty neat. >> So, yeah, you went I want to say it was probably like 10 years ago now. It was a long time ago, but I I really don't think anything has changed. So, if you want to check that video out, I will link it down below. >> It was one of the videos that I did before we went to Tokyo, I think, because I was doing two videos a day and I did two videos that day. >> Oh, >> I don't remember what the second video was. >> Yeah. So, we went to Tokyo for two weeks. Well, we went to Tokyo for a week and then we went to um Anaheim like on our way back. We went to Disneyland for a week and so we had to this is when we were uploading every single day and we had to >> huge gust of wind just hit us >> get 14 videos ready before we left. It was hard work. But yeah, but I'll link that down below. I'll link our Tokyo videos down below, too, if you haven't seen that playlist and uh the California trip that we that we took afterwards. Good reminiscent too because we stayed with Adam when we were out there and I >> All right, so we just stopped off at the I75 South rest stop. >> I mean Cheetos. >> You are eating Cheetos. Everybody wanted Cheetos. >> I accidentally got some Reese's Peanut Butter Cups on accident. >> Sure. >> Totally. I said, "Get me number 40." And that what I wanted was the one above number 40. >> Oh no. >> Wanted number 50. Said the wrong thing. >> The The wrong thing. I got one of these poppy sodas. I thought it was cola, like cherry cola, but it's a Shirley Temple. Never had this one before. All right, we got about 37 minutes left on our trip and we're passing by the Burger and Pancake House established in 2021 and they're still open. >> What do you think it was before? >> I don't know. Look at that. >> Yes, Be. Right. So, we're making it over the bridge to get in. >> This is kind of like the big bridge that you see when you're first coming onto the island, but there's horses. They're riding horses. I don't know if you'll be able to see them. >> Past this truck here. >> Just past the truck. Let's see if we can see them in the horses. >> Wait, are they behind us now? >> Oh, no. Where'd they go? >> Where did they go? >> Where did they go? >> Oh, there's the horses right there. >> Oh, did they? But I saw somebody in the water though. Did they already get out? >> I don't think so. >> There's the horse. Oh, yeah. They did. They just pulled them out of the water. >> Oh, man. That was so cool. I wish you could have seen it. >> The dog was like looking like horses. Big. >> Yeah. Yeah, look at all those jet skis. Looks pretty awesome. All right, we're on the second bridge. This is the draw bridge and the island is straight ahead. Yeah, it's a draw. It's not going up right now. Don't worry. >> When does the draw bridge go up? >> So, this light will turn red and then you stop here and then it goes up for like a big boat if there's a tall boat that needs to go through. They're riding their bikes. Yeah. >> It's so wild because because with how beautiful it is right now and with everybody outside and, you know, in the bay and swimming and riding their bikes and stuff, you wouldn't think it's going to be 50° in 2 days. >> This is the bay. >> This is the bay. >> It's got It's 82° right now and then like today's Saturday. By Monday or Tuesday, it's supposed to be like 40. >> I think it starts on Tuesday. >> Wednesday. >> We got to bring everything inside and then we definitely can go in the pool. But here's the start of the island right here. I'll show you the sign in just one second. Here's the Anamaria Island sign. We are here. >> Here we are. >> We are here. Here we are. >> We're about 3 minutes away from the house and we're kind of passing by the >> uh Ooh, Little Italy in the heart of Anamaria. That's fun. >> It's exciting. There's a tattoo shop there. An asai bowl shop. >> Are we going to get tattoos? >> No. What? >> That's what I said. Yeah, we're here during St. Patrick's Day and I just saw I just saw somebody had like a decorated trailer. >> So, look at that car. Wow. >> That's amazing. What is that? >> It looks like an old MG or something. I can't >> really cool. But there was a a person that was like decorating a trailer. So, I wonder if there's going to be nobody. Wonder if there's going to be like a parade. We'll have to look and see what the like local activities are. See if there's going to be a parade. That'd be fun to see. Okay, we made it. We're here at the house. We're just getting the golf cart off of the trailer. What do you think, buddy? How was the drive? >> Good. >> It was good. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, it was good. >> What are you doing, bud? It >> was cool. >> It was cool to you? >> Yeah. >> Me, too. >> It was so cool. >> It was so cool to me, too. >> But we're here. >> We sure can. But let's get the Let's get the golf cart first. All right. We got the uh the golf cart ready to to drive off the trailer. We're just going to park it under here. >> There we go. Oh my gosh. >> We made it. >> You did. It's a bumpy one. All right. There we go. We did it. Wa! Look at this cool chair. >> Let's go. >> Wow. You look awesome. And that's the beach right there. Look at that. Oh my gosh. >> There it is. There's the beach. >> This looks amazing. >> All right. First thing that we did when we got here, brought all the stuff inside and then >> got right into the pool. >> Yes. >> Um, can you go into the pool? >> I can. >> So, the pool. >> Can we sell them stuff? >> But the pool is warm. >> Yeah, the pool is nice. >> Yeah. So, >> I went to sell the the can. >> I'm going to have to be >> after this. We're going to build >> when I'm in the water jumping. Okay. >> Okay. Let me >> let me move off to the side here so I can see it. >> Look. Watch. >> Okay. Let me see. >> There. >> All right. >> Whoa. That was a big cannonball, buddy. But this is our view right here. >> The house is right here. Like this is the house going out the gate from the pool. And if I just come right here on the back deck, look at that. There's the ocean. It's right out our back door. Oh my goodness. Look at how beautiful this is. And we could be sitting sit on this thing and look at the sunset. Look at the ocean. We got a little fire pit right there. We got some swinging chairs. This is great. This is a fantastic property. I like this a lot. We have our own little tiny like beach area here behind the kind of behind the dunes here. Not behind the dunes, behind the seagrass. And the rest of this is all public beach out here. So, you can see there's people out there right now. But yeah, pretty soon we'll be able to go out there and watch the sunset. We also have this pretty great outdoor kitchen area here. >> Like we can watch TV out here. There's like a channel that only plays Pokémon out here. >> Perfect. Got to watch out for that. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> What are you doing? >> I'm just showing a cute baby. >> Was that funny? The stars and moons look so bright. >> The stars and moons look so bright. Where do you see a star and a moon? >> The moon is >> I don't see the moon out here. >> The moon is there. >> Where? Oh, right there. I think we got to start dinner soon. >> Team rocket. >> Oh my goodness, buddy. Okay, so we just got out of the pool, but I want to give you a really quick tour of the house before we leave. We're going to go try to grab dinner. >> Dinner is my favorite. >> Dinner's your favorite dinner? Me, too. But I wanted to show you the house before it gets too like lived in. I want to show you what it looked like sort of when we checked in. This is the view from the front door. Here's the living room. Three couches, tons of places to sit. The view of the beach here is amazing. Let me show you. Look at that. Every morning we're going to wake up and we're going to see this beautiful view. Wow. What do you think, buddy? Do you like it? >> Yeah. >> Me, too. >> Me, too. >> I love it. My favorite. >> My favorite. >> Yeah. So, it does have three bedrooms. And the cousins and uh Tim's brother and our sister-in-law are coming for a couple of days. But this is our room here. I love the way I just I love the way that it's like the colors and it's very pretty. I think they did a great job. So, this is a king-size bed. There's a little TV and a dresser. There's some closet space. This is like an older house that they have remodeled. I think they did a good job. I think they they added all the things. Look, it even comes with a little robe to wear while you're here and some slippers. Hamper. We do have our luggage in the room already. It doesn't fit under the bed. So, I got to figure out where I'm going to put these cuz they're pretty big. And then there's a view out to the driveway and out to the little seating area out here where uh by the ocean. We have an onsuite bathroom. So, a mirror, counter space, some drawers to put our things in, little shower. There you go. And then we've got the next bedroom. This one is the I think a queen-siz bed in here. Oh, hello. Does the light not work? Oh, is that the fan? Let me see. Okay, it might be these lights. Let's look. We're learning together. So, there's some lights. The bed. A little Oh, this one has a little closet, too. Look at that. Oh, there's some games. Anamaria Islandopoly. Never heard of that. >> Wa! There's little games. >> That's cool. Should we play some games? >> Yeah. >> Rummy Cube. I love Rummy Cube, apparently. >> Can we play some? >> We can after dinner. Maybe we can do a little quick one. Uh, >> I want to do some right now. >> Right now, we have to eat dinner right now. And then this is their on suite bathroom here. >> Some some board games shower. >> There's even a shower. >> Yeah. >> I love the tile in here. It looks like kind of like fish skills. Like mermaidy. It's very pretty. You're taking a shower >> now. All clean. >> Oh, good job. Good job, buddy. All right, let me show you the last bedroom. This is where the kids are sleeping. But um Oh, and there's a TV right there as well. This is the dining area. Sorry, none of the lights are on, but hopefully you can still kind of see >> the kitchen. Let me see. >> Um, it's very bright. There's tons of windows, coffee maker, lots of seating. Oh, thank you. I was trying to figure out where the lights were. It's very pretty, though. I think they did a great job. It is a smaller house, but they did a great job with um, you know, like the >> Oh, under cabinet lighting. Just one one cabinet. >> Look at that washer dryer. I thought this was a nice little touch. We don't drink, but they did set it up for like an espresso martini. Like like enjoy this espresso martini when you check in. And they gave you all the stuff to make it. So, we'll save this for Tim's brother and sister-in-law. Maybe they'll >> There was also like a Makaker Mark and like >> Oh, but it's all empty. >> Tequila. Captain Morgan. There's like a full bottle of wine here. >> Yeah. >> That's okay. It looks nice. It's the look, you know. Oh, and then out here you get the view of the pool that we were just in that you just saw. >> So, there's that. But let me show you the kids room. >> Oh, and of course you get all of the um >> I thought you were going to open this up. >> This is where the kids room. You know, all the stuff you need, your your silverware and all your utensils and all that fun stuff. >> Stand mixer. >> But yeah, I'm not going to be mixing anything, I don't think, while I'm here. But this is the kids room. Oh, Tim opened up the suitcase. But there are two bunk beds. So, there's a bunk bed here. They do have a crib as well as another bunk bed here. So, look at that. There's some under bed storage. This has a view of the pool. >> I don't know. I think it's great. This room is very small. Like, when we looked at the pictures online, it was kind of hard to tell how small it was. It's small. >> Got to use the widest angle lens. >> Yeah. >> To show this room off, >> but it'll be good. Like, the kids will be fine, you know. And then this is the kids bathroom. So, they've got a big shower, some storage under the sink, towels. We use the towels for the pool. Pretty nice though. But that's it. That's the whole house. And then, of course, the outside, which we will show you >> maybe a little bit later. >> I gave a little quick overview. >> Oh, did you? Okay. But I'm very happy with the house. I think it's beautiful. It's just the right size. It's on the beach. We literally Look at this ocean view. Like, I know I already showed it to you, but like, wow. Look at this. I can't believe we're going to wake up to this every morning. This is wild to me. So very feel very lucky to be here. >> But now we're going to go get some dinner. So let's do it. >> Trying to figure that out. >> All right, we took the golf cart up to Publix. So here Oh, here we are. So we just came back from Publix. >> Yeah, >> we got some essentials, you know, pizza, >> chicken, hot dogs. We're going to go back tomorrow and get more stuff. >> This sand actually feels soft. >> It feels soft. Yeah, the sand is very soft. I can't believe this is our backyard for the next week. There's somebody on a jet ski. There's two jet skiis. >> I know. We have a great view. >> We have a great view. You're right. >> Yeah, we have a glass view. >> Oh, yeah. We have the tall grass. So, in the pictures for the house, it showed like a little a little seating setup here, but it's not here now. >> I found those >> those chairs. Okay. So, maybe we'll put them out and then we can have our coffee with the uh the view of the ocean. But we're literally just There's the house right there. This is amazing. We've never had a house directly on the ocean like this. Actually, no. The one time we did at Vero Beach, but you couldn't actually get to the beach from the house. They like didn't allow you to go out into the into the beach from behind the house. But it was very pretty. The view was very pretty. But look at this. >> What? This is wild. What do you think, Oliver? >> Good. >> Good. I think it's good, too. >> I think it's cold, Mom. I think it's going to be hot. Mom, >> let's see. Mommy's going down to check the temperature of the water. Yeah. How was it? >> It was colder than the pool, but it wasn't too cold. Like, I was swimming in it. >> Oliver is like really into the seashells that he keeps finding, but there's so many little teeny tiny seashells. I don't even know what he's picking up. He's just picking up little chunks of of shell. >> So, tomorrow we're going to spend the day doing beach. It's still going to be warmish tomorrow. So, I want to spend the day as much as we can on the beach. >> Yeah. So, I think the following day it's going to be too chilly. >> You guys can't see it right now, but somebody built like a a castle. Like >> kind of It looks like a an alligator. Is that an >> animal? No, it's like a It's got walls and like turrets. Big castle. Look at this. Came back to the house. Look out the back window. Holy cow. >> All right, it's the next morning. We are outside. Jackson's swimming. Um Oliver and Tim were swimming, but it is a still a bit chilly in the pool, so Oliver's warming up. Let me see this little warm baby. >> Um, I'm in the sunshine. >> You're in the sunshine? >> Yeah. >> How does it feel? >> It feels so nice in here. >> All right. It was a great first day, >> and I'm excited for the rest of the week. But >> me, too. >> I do love this house a lot. The cousins are coming today, so I don't know. We're not going to film a whole lot while they're here, but then the end of our trip is just going to be us. So, you'll see more of that. >> Oh, yeah. >> But, um, yeah, it was a great start to the trip, and I can't wait to show you more. >> Yeah. So, all in all, a fantastic couple of days. With that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. >> And now it's time to pay the price.
