---
video_id: b0Y5Hh-mvD4
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Our First Universal Studios Trip Of 2026! | What's New, Park Updates & Trying NEW Foods!"
published: 2026-01-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0Y5Hh-mvD4
---
Today's video is sponsored by Door Dash. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning from the Universal Orlando parking garage. We are headed in today because the last time we were here it was Christmas time and now it is not. It is January. It's actually January 22nd. So, we're headed in today. We got some announcements that we have to go over and then uh there was some new food that we showed on Instagram. Oh, it got dark. And then just kind of like go to Universal. Also, Marty Gro is coming up very soon. So, we're going to talk a little bit about Marty Gro and the different acts that are coming and the food that's coming and just let's go to Universal. Let's do it. As we're heading through CityWalk, it feels pretty good out here. Like not very uh busy. And I like that. I like that it feels not very busy. This is me thinking about how it's not very busy today because we're kind of in between seasons right now here at Universal Studios. They have Wicked for Good still on display here at the Universal Studios store, which will soon be changing to Marty Gig. And I say this because Marty Gro will be starting on February 7th, coming up pretty soon. Hitchcock would be proud. There's a kiosk out here with all kinds of minion stuff. Kevin Stewart and Bob. Some interesting stuff. I like this like skeleton one. That's fun. But like a lot of it doesn't really make sense to me. Are people this into minions? Some interesting stuff here cuz this is all Rainbow Bright on this side. Do people know who Rainbow Brite is anymore? $65. Rainbow Brite and whatever makes you happy. These are fun. Oh, see. Okay. I like the Snoopy stuff. Sometimes uh when Oliver first saw Snoopy, he called him sneaky. So, we like to say that this is a sneaky bag. It's a $70 bag, but I like the handles on it a lot. It's also pretty decently sized. It's like a small suitcase. And the thing that we got the announcement for most recently is that the thing that is replacing Rip Ride Rocket is Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift, which is the name of the roller coaster that they have mostly built out in California at Universal Studios Hollywood. It's a Fast and Furious themed roller coaster and we're getting our own version of it over here. You can see they've already started pouring footers and stuff for the roller coaster. So, Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift really cool roller coaster. It is a spinning launching roller coaster themed after Fast and Furious. So, it means that the cars can spin on top of the train and it's also a launching coaster. Excited to see it's an intim so it should be fun. Like I'm I'm excited for it. came over a little bit further towards NBC Grill Brew so you could NBC Grill Brew is at my back right now just so you guys could see how we can see the footers over here as we look over the wall. Another thing to note is that it seems to be coming out further than Rip Ride Rocket ever did. So before the walkway used to be set back from the water a little bit and now they've kind of moved it out, right? Or am I imagining this? So the construction fences are definitely further out than the perimeter of Rip Ride Rocket used to be. Another thing that's going to be changing soon is this archway should get a Marty Gro medallion soon. So like I said, Marty Gro does start on February 7th and it ends on April 4th. So we've got a pretty long experience ahead of us. A long little Marty Gro season, and we love a long season. People often come up to me and ask if I can take their photo on their phones. And I'm kind of bad at taking photos. So, I'm always like, "Yeah, I'll take your photo." But like, just beware that it might not be good. Still, 55 minutes for Despicable Me Minion Mayhem. However, a lot of the other rides very short wait. Even escape from Greens is only a 25m minute wait. 10 minutes, 5 minutes. Lots of short waits today. Did also want to mention that that I've heard little rumblings that the uh the meet and greet that was here with Alphaba and Glenda has ended. There goes Scooby and Shaggy heading off. Here's something that I haven't seen before out in front of Born Stunttacular. There's an A-frame sign saying the Showtimes and a QR code for you to scan for more information about Born Stuntacular. I do also want to mention that here at the Hollywood Brown Derby behind me, they um they Hey, how's it going? How are you? I'm doing good. How are you? I'm good. Now that I have a camera in front of me, we'll feed you. Having a good day? So far so good. I just walked in. What are you filming? Just I was talking about how the store hadn't opened yet. What's the Brown Derby? The the deal store. Yeah, you got to get some deals. Okay. They got some good stuff in there that are very discounted. Okay. I heard that the uh the Christmas stuff was on sale. Yes. And you know what is good about Christmas? It comes every year. That's true. So you can get your Christmas gifts now and save them for the end of the year. I know. It's just smart thinking, you know, and that's why my brain is so big, my head. It's because I'm smart, you know. Ah, a so lovely to see you. It was great to see you. Uh, you keep moving along. I will. Thank you. Bye. Bye. It's funny because I wear this lavalier for me, but I don't know if you guys could hear what she was saying. She said she's got a big head cuz she's got a big brain in there. And so she was saying that it's smart for you to buy your Christmas stuff from the Brown Derby while it's on sale now because Christmas comes every year. So you don't have to worry about it next year if you buy your Christmas stuff now, which I don't know what time it opens, but there is a little bit of a line waiting outside for it to open. Kind of hard to see through the window, but I do love this bird stuff. It's pretty awesome. Also, the Jaws stuff is good, too. It's being being scary back there. I like it. There's just making sure being being inconspicuous. I don't know. Was Scooby going to pee on that bush? We're going to head into the five and dime and have a little bit closer look at some of this merch that we were just looking at through the windows. But before we check that out, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Door Dash. With Door Dash, you can have almost anything from your local neighborhood delivered. Food, flowers, alcohol, retail items, and more straight to your door. We just got back from a weekl long cruise, so we didn't have much in the fridge after being away, and we didn't want to think about making dinner. That's why we had dinner delivered through Door Dash. They really saved the day. Not only was it fast, easy, and reliable to get the food we wanted delivered right to our door, it freed up time so we could get settled back in after our trip. And it just so happened that the restaurant that we picked was offering a deal that day because Door Dash offers everyday deals, restaurant promos, and they have clear pricing so you know what your food is going to cost when you're ordering it. Door Dash is designed to make delivery smooth, dependable, and stress-free with sealed orders, tracking, and customer care. It was quick, too. Our order only took about 30 minutes to arrive. So, if you want to try Door Dash for yourself, you can use the QR code on the screen or the down below. And be sure to use the discount code Tim Q126 for 50% off up to $10 for your first Door Dash order of $15 or more. Not valid on alcohol orders or restricted store IDs. We want to say thank you to Door Dash for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. I thought this was a hat. Oh man, they're little slippers. It makes more sense as slippers, but man, if this was a hat, I think I would have lost it. They have some good stuff. Hill Valley High. Little orange puffer vest. A Happy Gilmore collection. I like a Happy Gilmore collection. That's really fun. This is amazing. Tap Tap Taparoo. A little happy Gilmore dad hat. These are fun. A bird's umbrella. Like, how great is that? Does this show what it looks like on the inside? No. I'd have to open it up. And should I do that? Isn't that bad luck? But I feel like there would be birds. A little like birds head scarf. Amazing. These are good. Whoever is on the like merchandise team for this stuff, you're doing great. Oh yeah, there it is. There's the birds inside the bird's umbrella. Although I can see through it very readily, so I don't know how good this will do in the sun or in the rain, but it looks cool. So like the irony, I don't know if it's irony. What is this? Like this is a laptop case for something from 40 years ago. Like a movie that came out 40 years ago, they have a laptop case for and laptops weren't around 40 years ago. But it is about the future. I consider myself a fairly like astute person. Like I can figure things out sometimes. Sometimes I can't, but I feel like sometimes I can. I get it. The hoverboard from Back to the Future, right? But what is this? Like, what do you put in here? Because there's no strap for it. Like, it's not a purse. It's not a belt bag. It's just like a padded bag with a zipper on it. It's like a pocket that you can hold. It's a holding pocket. Guess I I guess for for a moment I forgot that people like this could be like a toiletry bag or like a makeup brush bag or like a pencil case. I don't know. I was kind of thinking you would like want to have it on your person like a purse. A person purse. You can see now that we're done with the holiday season, the holiday tribute store has been removed. It's not here any longer. The next one should be over in New York as they like to bounce back and forth between the two for Marty Gro. As we get over here to Central Park, we can see they've started setting up the stages for Rock the Universe, which is a Christian music festival that happens here at Universal Studios Florida. So, we made our way over sort of back towards the front here. That's where we came in. I want to show you some more preparations for Rock the Universe, which will be the 23rd and the 24th of January. So, the tomorrow for for me tomorrow, for you guys probably today that are watching this. And then after Rock the Universe is done, then we will start to get more then we'll start to get more set up for Marty Gro because Marty Gro does have a concert series that happens with the event that is included in your ticket into the park. So I wanted to go over with you guys the musical acts that are coming for Marty Gro because there's some really good ones and some really interesting ones. So February 7th, Cascade, the DJ a DJ set. Uh February 14th, Portugal the Man. February 15th, Ivy Queen. February 21st, Joey Fetone and AJ McClean. Uh, February 28th, RuPaul, a DJ set. March 7th, Shaggy. March 13th, Tyler Hubard. March 14th, Baby Rexa. March 15th, Zed. March 21st, Bare Naked Ladies. And March 28th, All American Rejects. And I think that usually I would say All-American Rejects will be the biggest uh crowd of the event, but I think there's some really big names in there. And I think that there's going to be a lot of very busy nights for sure. but it is included in the cost of your admission or if you have an annual pass that's included in your annual pass. So you can come in, get set up to watch the concert, watch the parade, get some food and enjoy yourselves. It's a really fantastic event. So last year we came and we saw Tepin and it was a fantastic concert. Actually his first time back in Florida in a really long time. We'll put a link to that video in the description down below. You can see some more work happening on Fast and Furious back there. They're drilling pilings right now. Look at that. That's cool to see. So, you can see they've already started to put up some lighting towers to help light the parade as it comes through. We got a sign for Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. We'll go over there in just a second. Speaking of Marty Gro, we do have some Marty Gro food booths that have already started setting up. Nola Bayou. And then we've got one over here that's New Orleans themed to King Gator, which is the closing float of the parade every year. Smells like fresh paint out here. Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift, new roller coaster coming in 2027 to Universal Orlando Resort. I was thinking that maybe if this happened, they would have called it like Orlando Drift, but I guess it makes sense because this is uh still Universal Studios, a Hollywood themed theme park. I wonder if they're still going to bring the roller coaster through the window and Vin Diesel will shout ride or die when he jumps through there. World's first Club on the Moon. Club Moon open nightly except Mondays. New location opening soon. Open mic nights, slow jams, dance battles, celebrity whispers, and more. Follow the beat to our new digs just down the road from 30 Rock in association with the New York City late evenings fund. What do you think this is? Oh, an auditions for battle auditions for Battle of the Bands. We the people Friday, October 25th. Auditions will be held at 5:00 p.m. in the school gymnasium. Must bring your own instruments. 3 p.m. after school. Okay, this is Jake and Elwood across from Finnegan's on Delansancy Street. And then we repair everything. Broken VCR, static television. Our technicians can fix it or sell it for parts. As we were kind of like looking around back here, we noticed that there's a whole structure that they've started building back there for Hollywood Drift. And then King Kong, the eighth wonder of the world, the Museum of Antiquities. Also, I wonder what was covered over here. Oh, it was like an Amity Amity Tourist type thing maybe. Passing by Revenge of the Mummy, which is temporarily closed right now. They've got some games out front and some very tall, tall men out front, too. I like how we're listening to I will survive. Came around the corner to find another stage for Rock the Universe. This one's called the Fan Zone. You know what they should have in here? Lots of fans. So, as we were passing by Mummy, I wanted to mention something that's really unique that Universal is doing. So, instead of giving you a button that says I'm celebrating my birthday, or you could be celebrating anniversary or anything like that, or you could just be celebrating coming to the park, instead of giving you a button like say Disney does, they have started giving out these bracelets. And so, they have attraction specific ones and they have just general I'm celebrating or happy birthday bracelets. Let me show you guys. So, you can see I've got Born Stunttacular here, just like it's my birthday, Men in Black, Alien Attack, uh Transformers there, Revenge of the Mummy, Horror, Makeup Show, Jimmy Fallon, Race through New York, and these are the attractions that are available. And then the Happy Birthday one comes in three different colors. Uh, and the Happy Birthday one could also say, "I'm celebrating." Here. Here's one from The Mummy says, "I'm celebrating." Or Horror Makeup Show says, "I'm celebrating." So, it's kind of a neat thing. Right now, these are only happening at Universal Studios Florida for the attractions, attraction specific ones. If you go over to Islands of Adventure, they might have some I'm Celebrating ones for you to have. Um, but they don't have any attraction specific ones over at Islands of Adventure just yet. All right, continuing through New York and making our way into San Francisco. We got to stop by, look at the size of this pigeon. Got to stop by Fast and Furious Supercharged. So, with the announcement of the news of Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift, we did also get the news that Fast and Furious Supercharged will permanently close in 2027 with no known replacement as of right now. So, if you guys like this ride, better get over here and ride it. As we're passing by, I wanted to stop into the San Francisco Candy Company because it's an interesting store. Sometimes they have interesting things in there. So, let's go inside and see what they have. They got some Scooby-Doo merch over here. What is this? Scooby snacks. It's exciting. What do you think the Scooby snacks are? Just sugar for $6. If you guys are interested in the Big Pink, which is the Big Pink donut that they serve over in Springfield, you can come in here and get one. You don't have to wait in line over at Springfield. Also, if you're a fan of fudge, this is the place to stop. Or else some cookies, man. Oh, a brookie. I love cookies. This peanut butter cup cookie is so good. M, man. They also have some wicked stuff in here. This is also something that I'm always surprised when I see it at theme parks is these candied apples. I don't know that I've ever seen anybody walking around with a candied apple. Seen people with like turkey legs, but never a candied apple because we are near where the old location of AMD was. We do have some Jaws merch inside of the store here and some of the stuff that's uh was also available over in the five and dime. This is a fun hat. It's like a little shark took a bite out of it. Kitty White dressed up as a jaw dressed up as Jaws. So, just so we're clear, this is a real girl dressed up as a cat dressed up as a shark. Also, Universal, when you guys close down Fast and Furious Supercharge. Let me have that stingray. Let me have it. All right, we're headed into Diagon Alley. Well, we're headed into the London waterfront, which in turn we will go into Diagon Alley because we got some news about some merch over here in Harry Potter. Has this sign for the Leaky Cauldron always been here? Oh, is this like Okay, so this is like a magical section that got exposed, right? You can tell because the the facades are a different color. Okay, so like when the walls expand out and you get the magical things that show up to us that are magically inclined, that's why you can see the advertisement for leaky cauldron here. So, the same can be noticed about number 12 here where if we look long enough up here at this window, we can see the house elf creature peeking out from behind the curtains. There he comes. There he is. He's looking to see what's happening out here. As we're coming in here, we're over by uh the hopping pot, which is where you can get your butterbeer inside of Diagon Alley here. The amount of water that's on the ground out here just from this one fountain effect is wild. Let's see if it happens. So, if you guys don't know, this is a water fountain. And if you have your wand, you can set off the water fountain that's kind of like right here, and you can drink out of the water fountain. But if you do it wrong, or every third or fourth time or so, water will just shoot out the top of the tower here and get you right in the face. We do have the Time Turner popcorn bucket inside the land. I has been so long that I've been inside of this land that I don't even remember this popcorn cart being here. So, we're also offering a butterbeer ice lolly as well as Hogwarts house ice lollies, huckleberry and grape for Ravenclaw, coconut and matcha for Slytherin, peach and strawberry for Gryffindor, and pineapple milk chocolate for Hufflepuff. I feel like none of those make sense to me. Like I don't feel I'm like, what do you think of when you think of Slytherin? like m coconut and matcha. Maybe huckleberry and grape for Ravenclaw, but peach and strawberry I don't know. I think it's just because of the colors, right? Yeah. Yeah, that was fun. All right, I went with the Ravenclaw one. Huckleberry and grape. You'll be my huckleberry. The colors are a little bit off there. Feel like the color of the purple is the same color as the bottom there. But yeah, not quite the same colors. All right, I've got bad teeth, but I'm going to bite into this uh this icy goodness. It's very hard. It is frozen solid. I mean, huckleberry is pretty good. It's like a deeper blueberry flavor. If you've ever had huckleberry, this tastes like huckleberry. I'm going to try to get some of the grape, too. Here's what I like. I like that it's not a artificial grape flavor. More of a natural grape flavor [music] and more of a natural huckleberry flavor, but there is the hint of the added sugars everywhere in this thing. It is sweeter than I was expecting. Actually, that bite was extremely sweet, but still pretty tasty. I think the kids will really enjoy this. This is great for a hot summer day, but it will melt fast on a hot summer day. Also, we checked on the allergens. These are made with coconut milk. The butterbeer version is made with like cow's milk, real milk. So, if you have a milk allergy, you can partake. So, here's a fun fact that I haven't shared for a while. So, back here at Gringots, this is a Harry Potter escape from Gringots. There's a roller coaster in this area and you enter in here and then you exit the ride through the gift shop here at Wiseacres. And inside Wise Acres, we have these telescopes. And because this used to be the area where Jaws was, some of these little handles here were the steering wheels from Jaws, the attraction. So, they did repurpose them and put them back here as like a little Easter egg for what used to stand in this location. Ladies and gentlemen or uh everybody, I found the history of Hogwarts. This is fully on a bridge. This is everything you ever need to learn or know about Hogwarts. is all here on these pages. So, something that's new in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter is this. This is a rain poncho. Says it's also like uh sun 50 SPF. So, this is water resistant and it's gives you a 50 SPF boost for like the sun, but it's uh $50 for like a a poncho. Can you see it's not it's like doesn't have sleeves. It just kind of buttons underneath the arms and it's a poncho. And the back of it just has the Hogwarts crest on it with all the different all the different houses. It's very lightweight. I like it a lot. Like I feel like this is a better option than the actual house robes cuz those house robes are so thick and heavy for the hot Florida sun. All right, we are headed out of Diagon Alley. Passing by my favorite man with a fish on his head, not facing this way. I remember asking years ago about this thing and why it's here. Nobody has an answer. They just said it was interesting. Do you guys know the answer? Well, it's only a 10-minute wait for King's Cross. We're going to head over to Islands of Adventure to get some lunch. I do think it's uh interesting, like the motion sickness and stuff like that. I don't think this sign makes it seem like a more severe ride than it is. It's not bad. You seem to be 48 in need to be accompanied by a supervising adult, but there is no height limit for the Hogwarts Express. All right, we're headed into King's Cross. You do need a park to park ticket to ride the Hogwarts Express because you do leave Universal Studios Florida and head over to Islands of Adventure. Where to go through the wall? Here I go. I'm going. I'm running through. I ran into a brick wall. I thought that bird thought the owl was inside of the its cage. It's not. It's out. Shows how long it's been since I've been here. He's looking at me. You can see the cable system that drives the train back and forth. So basically there are two trains, one on either side of a cable and they both go the same on the same tracks that splits in the middle and they go next to each other and then they both come into the station their respectable stations at the same time. So either 9 and 3/4 here or Hogwarts at the other end. And that is why it comes in backwards because this way it arrives to Hogwarts forwards. We're off. Safety and no castle. When this ride or this mode of transportation first opened, they were like discouraging people from filming on board and they kind of relaxed on that because I don't think they could really control it. Everybody's got their phones out at all times. There he is. He's got my letter. Oh, spooky birds. Oh, skull patron. This guy's just trying to get to his train car and Harry Potter comes in, ruins his day. And there you can see it pulls in forward to this location. So, it looks like a normal train, but as people are loaded onto this and it's heading back to platform 9 and 3/4, it is going to go backwards out of this station. We've made it over here to Hogsme, but we're going to head to uh Toon Lagoon. Would be the easiest way to get to Ton Lagoon, I guess. Through this way. All right, let's head. And now we've made it like through Hogwarts here. There's the castle. And now we are headed into Jurassic Park to head to Tomb Lagoon. Welcome to Jurassic Park. Looking at the wait time for Veloci Coaster. Even though it's not a very busy day, still a long wait for Velocic Coaster at 65 minutes. Here's a fun bit of Universal lore. There was a point in time where this Spinosaurus had kittens living in its mouth. Continuing our way through Jurassic Park and heading uh first we got to get to Kong Skull Island Rain Kong. Then we'll be in Toon Lagoon where we can go to Al to the Chief and get the food that we're looking for. A walking taco. Jurassic Park River Adventure currently closed for schedule maintenance. reopening late 2026. That is wild. What are they doing in there that's going to take a full year? There's a photo op here in front of the old entrance to River Adventure where you could look as if you were sitting on a toilet and a T-Rex is eating you while you're on the toilet. As I was taking my my toilet photo, a team member walked by and said, "There's a real there's a real toilet that you can sit on in the store." And I said, "Thank you." Me walking into the gift shop saying, "I was told there was a real toilet I could use or sit on." There it is. A real toilet. But the T-Rex isn't around you as it was as it is in the photo. But it is. You could take like a series where you sit on this one and they're like, "Oh no, the T-Rex is coming." And then you go out and take the other one. But the T-Rex has its mouth around you. Last time we were here, I don't think this was open cuz they were refurbishing it, repainting it and everything. And now Ripsaw Falls has reopened. Let's see if it comes. Okay, the gates just came up. There it goes. Soaked. All right, after we made it past Ripol Falls, we've come up to Ae to the Chief and we're going to get this Fritos barbecue pulled pork walking tacos. Oh, the Doritos Golden Sriracha street corn sounds good, too. Captain Crunch cinnamon sugar doughnut holes. Got a lot of interesting things going on at this booth. The Doritos Golden Sriracha Street Corn is also new. Look at this bag for the Doritos Golden Sriracha, but I went with the Fritos. Fritos barbecue pulled pork walking taco is what I went with. I like that Fritos have been so synonymous with the walking taco that they make a special bag for walking tacos. Oh my goodness, that looks amazing. Look at how good that looks in there. So, this was $14.99. It has Fritos, corn chips, pulled pork, golden barbecue sauce, kleslaw, Tostitos, and nacho cheese sauce. What are Tostitos? All right, let's give it a try here. Let me get some pulled pork. I'm using my fork, so I don't know how it's going to work. Let's see. Try to get some some Fritos and some pulled pork. The idea is you're supposed to just like scoop it with the Fritos. But fantastic. So good. Salty, crunchy, porky. Like this is so good. This is I'm like shaking my head in disbelief how good this is. This is amazing. This is the way that barbecue should be. I'm sorry that seems like an inflammatory statement. That seems like a hot take, but I think it's true. I think barbecue should be served on top of Fritos. After eating our walking taco, we were kind of in the Toon Lagoon area and I came over to the bathrooms and I noticed this vending machine over here where you can get baby bottles, underwear, deodorant, like breath strips or like toothbrush, all kinds of stuff. Diapers, Pepto-Bismol, Emodium, allergy stuff is amazing. Tampons, hair ties. That's wild. Feel bad for Cyclops standing over there. Nobody's there to meet and greet him. But there's a big long line for Captain America. Let's go into Islands of Adventure Trading Company before we leave and see what they have in here. See if there's any sort of merch that we haven't seen yet. Oh, some Wicked Spirit jerseys. This one's cool. I like this. That's fun. Also, spoiler alert. What the heck? And they have Stanley's that are themed to Wicked. So, here they are, the two of them together. This one's a little bit green. This one's a little pink and purple. Like green and black. Pink and purple. And that matches their dresses on this shirt. Is this a actual like Starbucks cup? No, it's just like looks like a Starbucks cup. And I got to admit, like if you hadn't seen the movie, Dorothy's not even she's bar background character, but like the Tin Man and the I get it. Like it's the the the story of the Wizard of Oz. You're not spoiling the story of the Wizard of Oz, but like it's a little bit of a spoiler, right? Or am I just overthinking it? Might be overthinking. I do like that they have teacher of all the things for the teachers shirts, but then there's also teacher of all the things spirit jerseys. That's fun. And also, was uh the Cat in the Hat actually a teacher or more of like a menace? So, so like I would have like say maybe father of a couple of things, not all of them. With the popularity of blind boxes, we've got some How to Train Your Dragon blind boxes here, as well as some Kung Fu Panda Pudgy blind boxes. So, little like little pudgy guys. On the way out of Islands of Adventure, we did just get a brand new mural here talking about Isisles of Adventure Oda toilet spray since 1999. Oh, it looks like a little like a aerosol can. Like a little That's fun. I like that. Like a perfume bottle. They should sell that. They should make a perfume bottle and have it be like that. So, there you have it. That was our trip out to Universal Studios Florida and over to Islands Adventure to check out everything that's going on. We're getting ready for Marty Gro. Very excited for that. We also got to see some new stuff in Diagon Alley. Been a while since we've been in there. And we got to try some delicious food over at Islands of Adventure. Glad to be back at Universal Studios and excited to see what all is coming. Also super excited for Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift. Can't wait to see how that turns out. So, all in all, a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
