---
video_id: IWG9ygiGGj0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Fun Disney Lunch Date At EPCOT! | Trying NEW Flower & Garden Festival 2026 Food!"
published: 2026-03-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWG9ygiGGj0
---
Good morning from Epcot for the International Flower and Garden Festival. This is our second time here. >> I'm excited. We're going to try some more new food. We're going to kind of meander around World Showcase. >> Well, the last time we were here, we didn't actually make it into World Showcase too far. I think we made it into like one or two booths. So, we're going to head back there and try to make the full loop around, try some things, have a little lunch, you know, see where the day takes us. >> Have a look at some some flowers and gardens. >> Yeah. I didn't get to look at nearly enough topiaras last time, so let's do that. Let's go. >> Here's a fun. You know how I like to give you guys Instagram ideas? You can sit where Woody is like looking right at you and he's giving you this look like, "What in the world are you doing?" >> No, he's giving you the >> Oh, welcome to Apa. >> Good day, my lady. >> Oh, he's giving you the >> He's giving you the my lady. >> He's giving you the I got a snake in my boot. >> Look at Lo over here. His flowers are blooming on his back. So, he's a little bit more pink, purpley, fuchsia color. The color of Lzo in the cartoon or in the animated uh movie. I do feel like lots of they should plant like strawberries down here at his feet or something. >> Somebody said that they were pumping in like a strawberry scent, but I never smelled it. >> No. >> Did you smell it? >> We just passed by a cast member with a microphone and they said Guardians of the Galaxy is currently closed. Keep an eye on the My Disney Experience. Also, we're underneath Spaceship Earth. Spaceship Earth. >> 35minute wait. So, even the normal flowers that are out here, the normal plants that are out here, have little signs for Flower and Garden Festival. This one says Japanese blueberry. Notice how the branches of this evergreen tree grow at upward angles. We can kind of see that here, and are densely covered with a glossy dark green foliage. Older leaves turn bright red before dropping. Black, blue, oliveike fruits emerge after the delicate white flowers. Wow. Do you think this thing is like a permanent tree that's always here? I mean, it looks like it. This is like an established tree here. That's interesting. I feel like they should tell us that the fruits are edible. So, uh, what do you want to do today, Ferb? I like that he's sort of dressed like a bee a little bit. He's got stripes. So, Jolon's a bouquet of flowers that he has for his brother, his one and only BFF. I do like that they gave them little topiary shoes. >> Oh, yeah. >> It looks like those, you know, those felt animals that people make >> like tough tough things. >> It looks like that, >> but also like what is furb looking at? >> Not a cloud in the sky. >> Pluto. The ears. >> I like this little bow. It's fun. >> It's like a boulay. >> Boulay. I was going to call it a carpet, but you had the right word for it. >> How much are these? >> They're expensive cuz they're Loungefly. Oh, okay. >> I don't know. Doesn't say. We'll see if we can figure it out. The ears are $45. And the bow is removable. That's fun. We put that bow on your shoes. >> Yeah. I got to get two pairs now for each shoe. >> I know. But I like this like a suns out, arms out. Sun and fun for everyone. But I wish they hadn't embroidered the back right there. Right on the spot that would get itchy from you wearing it. Like a packable windbreaker. Packs up into a little like into its own pockets. It's cool. It's $60. How much was this shirt? I didn't ever look to see that. $32. Oh, I found one of Spike's pollination exploration spots. It's a sunflower. Look, the bees are really enjoying the sunflower, too. And Pluto has a a ring of sunflowers around his neck. And he's flying a kite with Mickey while Mickey plays bad mitten for some reason. Why does he have a bad mitten racket? >> Why Why don't we fly more kites? >> It's not really windy that often here. We should have done it when we were at the beach. >> I did see some people doing it at the beach and they were not having a good time. >> I know. >> So, I don't know. I think that's something I'd like to do. That's going to be on my like my bucket list. I want to fly a kite this year. >> Okay. >> I'm going to buy you the best kite. >> No, it doesn't have to be the best kite. >> Oh, yeah. It will be butterflies. Oh, I like the they're chasing each other. >> I do like that they kind of show a real representation of how big Chip and Dale are. >> Oh, there's a bad mitten shuttlecock right there, too. I'm so confused about this bad mitten action happening. Jen's goal is to fly a kite this year. My goal is to have a bad mitten picnic. So, Sensei has been sponsoring this little section here for a couple of years now, and so they have little smells that pop out here. Bergamant, waterlies, and succulent greens. What does it smell like? >> What does it smell like? >> Water. >> Oh, it smells really good, actually. >> What memories does this serene scent evoke in you? >> Spa memories. Oh, the last time I went to the spa. >> Oh, I remember that. Strawberry, sweetie. >> Ooh. >> What is it? What is this sweet snack? >> It reminds me of the warm summer sun. >> What sweet snack does it res remind you of? >> Um, a a strawberry fig newton. >> Oh, really? I got to smell that. It smells like lzo. That's the smell. That should be right. Catch me running and get a free Uncrustable. They have apple or raspberry. Oh man, I got to try this. So, they tell us that apple's the new flavor. They also have raspberry. And they said that this has a higher protein. 320 calories, 230 g of sodium. What's the protein? 12 g of protein. Pretty good. We're trying the Uncrustable. It's apple cinnamon. >> It's super frozen. >> Yeah. Which is like you're supposed to let them thaw. >> No. But the cinnamon adds an interesting like dimension to the peanut butter and apple. >> So we eat a lot of like apples and cinnamon and apples and peanut butter and this is just giving that >> Yeah. >> And with plus bread >> little bit extra like a sugary action to it though. >> It's pretty good though. I do like it. I think it's a good addition to the flavor lineup. >> Oh yeah. >> The Maui topiary is huge. Holy macaroni and Moana. And also like Pua. I'm with you on that one. Pua. I know he's older, but like he's very like all body, little tiny legs. All right, we've made it to World Showcase. Now we're heading towards Canada trying to uh figure out what kind of new items we're going to have as we make our way around World Showcase. So, here across from the Canada booth, we got Kermit on a bike as he is and Miss Piggy on all of her luggage as she is. But also, the bike is made of wood. >> I I love this. It's like bamboo. And >> is it though? >> I mean, I don't want you can't touch it. You're not >> I don't think it is actually real. >> Are those flowers real? >> No. >> Okay. >> Like >> that feels like a >> It's a Disney That's a hack for for topiaries. You don't have to use real wood or flowers. >> Oh, no. >> Right. Just make them make them out of fake things. >> So, there's somebody that I'd like to quickly shout out that like I follow and I really love so much. Um >> Tim Tracker. >> Yeah. If you're not watching Tim Tracker, you really need to watch him. Um, so her name is Sarah. She runs a shop called Franklin J and she makes Kermit collars. Yeah. >> She does a lot of like Kermit themed clothing. She does the like um the old bed sheets and turns them into dresses and pants. And one of the things that I really like that she does is the Kermit collars. And I don't think I'm like cool enough to wear a Kermit collar. I don't really know if I could incorporate it into my everyday look. But I love I love when I when she shows pictures of people wearing them. They're so cool. I'm going to link her down below. Well, like when you say Kermit color, you're talking about like his little like frill around his neck. >> She makes like little fabric ones and >> that you could pair with like a darker green dress. >> You can pair them with whatever you want. I've seen people pair them with so many things, but I I'm going to link her down below. You should check her out. I think it's such a cool idea. >> See, like Tiger and Pooh are made out of fully made out of plants. And I like it cuz they're like very like fluffy and cuddly looking. >> Yeah. It looks less like polished and more kind of scrappy. Scrappy. Is that the one? >> Yeah, I want to give >> I want to give Pooh a hug. >> I don't There's definitely bugs in there. >> Yeah, I don't mind a bug. The bugs are fine. >> See, I like that rabbit also has some plants on him that sort of look like carrot stems. That's fun. I don't know that I've seen a Pooh shoulder pal. Look at that. It's like you put it on your shoulder. Little magnetic piece, little metal piece goes underneath your shirt and then Poo has a little magnet in his butt and he sits on your shoulder. $27.99. This is right outside of the UK. right here. These are cool. If you're a fan of Winnie the Pooh, this is where it's at. Like a little fairy garden over here with, of course, Tinkerbell the fairy, but look at this one. It looks like a roller skate. That's fun. I These are awesome. Like, this looks like something I'm not artistic like this, but it looks like something that I could make if I were artistic, which I'm not. But it also reminds me of Did anybody see the movie Swiss Army Man? Right. This is it. The Daniel Radcliffe movie. Daniel Radcliffe and Paul Dano cuz he like made things in the woods. Not not little fairy houses, but much more complex things like a bus. We got Tick Tock Croc out here in front of the sportsman shop with a hidden Mickey in the sign there. But something that's interesting is years ago up here on the roof of this building is where Peter Pan was. And now they've moved Peter Pan down here and he's facing off with Hook, which Hook is looking very threatening with his sword out. And Peter Pan without a sword. I feel bad for Peter Pan. He's unarmed. So over here in the UK area, they've got a English tea garden and they've got the different ingredients for pomegranate, raspberry, and strawberry green tea. So they show us a pomegranate tree and then this looks like it's Maybe going to be pomegranate. >> I don't know. I wish there was another sign here. Oh, they got some mint. I can do that one. Came back a little further in the tea garden and we were going to go back out this way, but they're blocking the way out because they're having a tea tour. >> The the twinnings. It's twinnings, not twinings. Did you know that >> there are This is a This is a termite. Oh, no. >> By the way, there's some termites in infestation somewhere around here. >> Just letting you guys know. >> Okay. Um, but yeah, we I'd love to do that towards free. You just have to sign up for it, I think. >> Yeah, >> I think it's free. Let's ask. >> All right, so I asked one of the cast members about the tour and it is a free tour and you just walk through that little kind of horseshoe shaped trail right there in front of the gift shop. You sign up for it in the gift shop and it's there's two tours a day. There's one he said at 1:00 and one he said at either 3 or 3:30. >> So free free stuff at Disney. >> I know. Next time we come maybe we'll do that tour. I don't think we can do it today, but next time. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> All right, we're making it over to France. We got some Duckcom feet out here. That's new this year. >> I already took my Tums. I'm prepared. >> Oh, >> I'm ready for this. Uh I'm ready for this tournament of foods. >> Let's give it a try. >> Yeah. All right. So, we're going to be getting the pulled duck comfi and the onion bread. M. >> So, >> I'm excited for it. >> As we're waiting in line for the France booth, I wanted to mention something. So recently you went to the SeaWorld Food Festival and some of the foods were like $10 and people were kind of shocked at the prices, but the food here is about $10 and you don't get a lanyard option here, >> right? >> So I do want to mention that I think >> it festival prices have just gone up. I don't think it was specifically a SeaWorld thing, >> right? Um cuz that was something that I was something that I thought was thought was interesting in those interesting in those comments. And I'll comments. And I'll link that video down link that video down below if you didn't below if you didn't see it. But I see it. But I thought that was thought that was interesting that the interesting that the take that people take that people had on those prices had on those prices when here the prices when here the prices are super similar are super similar and you don't get the and you don't get the option for the option for the punch card. punch card. >> Right. All right. We're going to do a >> Right. All right. We're going to do a quick comparison here. We got the duck quick comparison here. We got the duck comfy. comfy. >> It looks a little different. >> It looks a little different. >> A little grayer and the croissant. Oh, >> A little grayer and the croissant. Oh, wait. Yeah, the croissant. wait. Yeah, the croissant. >> Oh, no. We wanted this one. Um cuz that >> Oh, no. We wanted this one. Oh, got the Lumir and the Cogsworth topiaries. Look at the Cogsworth is like completely hollowed out. We're taking Look at this. Like an Instagram photo shoot. >> You're making my hand shake now. I'm nervous. >> Oh no, I'm so nervous. >> You got two cameras on me. >> So, we did order the the onion bread, but when they fulfilled our order, they gave us the croissant and we went up to the front and we said, "We actually ordered the onion bread and here's a receipt." Like, it says onion bread on the receipt. And they said, "Oh, okay." And they took back the croissant and >> they put it back on the tray. >> They put it Yeah. back with the other croissants. And we had it for like a minute. So, I don't know if that was supposed to happen. >> This is a food safety issue right there. >> But we got our our uh onion tart. >> Yeah. >> With bacon. It looks good. >> Should we Should we try this one first or should we try the the duck first? I kind of want to try this one first. >> Give it a try. >> So, it's onion, flaky crust, and bacon. Look at that grease. >> Oh, man. That's how you know it's good. Let me see if I can pull out the >> Wow, >> that's good. >> This is caramelized onions on a flaky pastry topped with bacon. >> It's creamy. It's salty. >> I don't know what the like >> It's crunchy. >> The stuff that's holding the bacon in place is >> Wow. Like an egg. I think I feel like it's eggy maybe. >> Almost like a soule. >> Wow. >> All right. What's this next? Oh, this is the duck comb feet. So, this definitely looked different from the uh from the picture. >> Grayer, >> but it's it looks like it was in like a can almost >> the You know what I mean? I'm sure it'll still taste good. Let's taste the duck. >> It tastes like a sweet chicken. >> Oh, okay. This is a palenta. >> A palenta cake. >> Doesn't have any flavor. >> Oh, that's lovely. >> Yeah. So, let's try it with the duck. Maybe that's the the deal. You're supposed to eat it together. >> It brings out the flavor of the nothing. >> Okay. Yeah, >> it's better together. >> Oh, better zoo together. >> Better together. The duck is good on its own. The palenta cake is not great by itself. I I would order this again, though. >> Okay. >> It's like filling. The flavor is pretty good. It tastes like um rosemary, like kind of like Thanksgivingy. >> Okay. >> Like holiday flavors. >> Okay. Yeah. Try it. >> I'm gonna try the palenta cake first because you said it had no flavor. So, I'm interested to see what no flavor tastes like. >> I'm interested to see what no flavor tastes like. >> Tastes like no flavor. Nothing. >> It It's like It's dry. >> It is. I think it needs the like cream that's with the duck. >> I think it needs more butter, which is weird to say cuz I feel like there's a lot of butter in there. >> Maybe it's not butter. Maybe it is cream. Maybe it's like just It needs milk. >> It needs more of whatever that sauce is. Give me more sauce. I love a good sauce. The duck is very delicious with the with the mushrooms and stuff. I feel like there's a little bit of cheese that they put on top of the palenta cake, too. You see that piece? >> Is that what that is? I couldn't figure out what it was. >> Oh, yeah. >> Would you order this again >> if it were Thanksgiving? If it were fall, >> I would. I thought it was going to be too heavy for such a warm day, but honestly, I like it. I >> like a huge fan of rosemary and thyme. There's a lot of thyme in there, too. >> I think that's the the holiday flavor that I was getting. Yeah. >> So, >> I would order that. You like parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme. >> If you're Paul Simon. >> Yeah, right. >> But I would I would order that tart again 100%. That was so good. >> Up next, Laa Fresca with the shrimp and mango ceviche is new this year. Ooh. Okay, so Jen's going to have to give that one a try. I remember trying the Jamaican jerk chicken and it being good, but a little bit spicy. There's the shrimp ceviche right there. This is shrimp with mango, avocado, cucumber, lime, cilantro, tomato, and jalapenos served with plantain chips in half a coconut. >> Isn't that fun? >> Yeah. >> I have a half of a coconut bra now. >> Oh, you can you can get two. >> You have a real shrimpy shrimpy. There's the picture of the ceviche right there. >> Looks kind of close like except for the fact that that one's in a glass bowl. >> I think this one's even better. I think this is the only time that this has been better than the stock picture. >> Well, there you go. >> Yeah. All right, let's see. Jen's going to try this shrimp ceviche. Okay, >> if I had to guess, I think it's going to be very limey and very uh very avocadoy. >> It does have a lot of avocado. There's some mango. I'm trying to see if I can get a little bit of everything. I don't know if I can, but >> I'm going to try a piece of plantain for sure. Oh, no. I'll try that one. >> Okay, >> look at that. Perfect. I got it. >> No, I wanted mango. >> I'm going to hold on to it for safekeeping. >> There you go. >> M. Okay. Okay. So, what I like is that I don't think these were necessarily raw shrimp. I think they were cooked and then they put them in here cuz that that made me a little nervous. But um they are a little bit chewy which makes me feel like they were precooked. It's good though. The flavor is great. I love the um like the creaminess of with the avocado. I like the little hit of spice with the jalapeno. It just tastes like summer. It's almost like nachos. Let's see. >> Are you going to dip it with the plantain? Yeah, I think that's what you're supposed to do, right? >> Maybe. >> That's pretty nice cuz the plantains have a little a little bit of sweetness, a little sweet, a little salty, creamy. I think this is a hit. A good summer dish. >> We're making our way past Morocco. Another hidden Mickey over there on the door right there. >> Where >> for the the huge dishes on the door right there? >> Oh, yeah. And we're heading towards Japan for our next new food item. So, before we get to Japan, there is an outdoor market here that has Flower and Garden merch, but some of this is themed Alice in Wonderland, like these bread and butterflies purses. Are these These are also Loungeflies. >> Oh, I like this. I like it when they incorporate a little embroidery. >> I was saying that I didn't like that. >> Oh, I love that. Are you embroidery? >> No, it makes me itchy. >> If you do it right, it shouldn't make you itchy. >> Not you. Like the person who made it. Yeah. And they they do, but it always like I wash everything and then it comes off in the wash and then >> you know I do like that they put spaceship earth in there. >> So throughout the festival for spikes pollination exploration you have to find these spikes on a spike and you could just get this one and bring it around and just put it anywhere at Epcot. Pay an easy $45 and then just bring this one and put it next to next to like >> that that trash can over there and be like this is it. This is what I was looking for. >> You just got pranked. >> Yeah. Let me show you something cool. >> We should buy 600 of them and put them everywhere. >> So, this is Tuesdays at 9:30. Um, you can join members of the Disney's Animals Science and Environment team to get an uplose look at the butterfly research happening at Epcot. >> Oh, >> I think that's like a little free tour, >> right? >> And then they also have, of course, the Purple Martins. >> Oh, yeah. The Purple Martins. >> Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at one. >> Also, weather permitting. >> This was something that I really enjoyed learning about the Purple Martins. I'm going to put that video down below. I learned so much about them and um I thought that was such a cool thing that I think probably gets overlooked. Yeah. >> So, check these out. >> Also, if you're a fan of the fact that Disney like they claim to not have bugs, there are bugs, but there are less mosquitoes here because >> you can thank the purple martins. >> Thank a purple martin. >> Yeah. >> Another Is this a lug or a loungefly? This is a loungefly, but they're starting to look a little bit like lugs, right? But I like that he has like a little little hands that you can unclasp, put something in there. He's hugging his little his little honey honeycomb. Oh, because this bag comes off and then it's a belt bag. Oh, that's fun. Okay, you could have two different size bags and a spike shoulder pal. You put this on one shoulder and Winnie the Pooh on the other. And then you wear like a honeypot hat. Oh man, you're on theme. >> This is what we have. >> A a dwarf Barbados cherry. >> We don't have a dwarf. Ours is just a Barbados cherry. And I think we might have killed it in the freeze. >> Maybe. No, it's still alive. >> We should get a bonsai. It's kind of fun. >> How would we be able to keep it alive? >> No. >> And how much are they? This is $150. >> We're not going to get that. >> Oh my goodness. I like this. Uh I love this. >> Yeah. Oh, I forgot about the the sound garden out here. Look at this. Okay, so like the water flows in and then the bamboo fills up with water and then when it tips over, it sets off the musical instruments. here. And there's >> Let's see. One of them will happen one of these times. Let's see. It's going to take Oh, that one happened over there. This is fun. I want to do this at our house. Feels very like Home Alone. Like you're setting up booby traps. >> Like mouse traps. >> Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. >> Oh, and it's watering the plants. >> Oh, >> that's fun. >> This is exciting. All right, we've made it over to the Japan booth and that is Hanami. And we've got a couple of new things here, I think. And that is the Japanese curry bread. Golden crispy fried bread with fragrant Japanese vegetable curry. But also the minute-made strawberry lemonade with popping strawberry boba is also new. >> Is it? >> Yeah. >> Let's do it. Let's get a Let's get a bow. >> Okay. All right. Let's see. This is the Japanese curry bread. >> Okay. Let me >> I think it's just bread on the inside. I don't know if there's any. >> No, there's there's something in there. I can feel it. >> Oh, >> yeah. >> Is that the curry? >> That's the curried vegetable. >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. Should I give it a taste? >> Yes, you should. >> Oh, yeah. Okay. It smells like traditional curry that you probably if you think of curry, it smells like that. >> So, this is the Japanese curry bread. We already broke it in half so you guys can see what's inside of it. Let's give it a try. Okay. I'm not a huge fan of curry flavor. I I really like the bread flavor. It's like a chewy bread but with like a crispy outside to it. >> I like the fried like the whatever they use to fry it. I I think it's like a nice crunch. It's very um I don't I can't tell if it's potato or bread on the inside, but it's very like a pillowy kind of a a very fluffy bread. I like the curry. It has a little bit of spice, but it is that traditional like when you think of curry, it is that kind of curry flavor and um the vegetables are kind of just mushy on the inside. But I liked it. If you like curry, you'll like it. And it's a good like hand food. You can walk and eat. So, might not be for everybody, but I liked it. >> All right. This is the strawberry lemonade with bobas. And the bobas are all at the bottom. So, we won't get to get to those till the end. >> I didn't even think they were in there cuz I couldn't see them. They are in there. >> So, this is just a regular minimade strawberry lemonade. I mean, it's okay. Sweet. It's not overly sweet. >> I think once we get to the bottom, it'll be more exciting, but it is like sweet and tart. >> Does have a good strawberry flavor to it. It tastes like a like a melted strawberry decor. >> M. It does. >> I'm not getting a lot of lemon flavor in it, though. >> No. Right. We got a little bug in there. >> Extra protein just like the uh just like the uncrustable. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Yeah. So, this really does kind of taste like it does like the syrup you would get in a um like a snow cone. It's super sweet. Like that almost thick. >> If this had a little bit of water in it, I think I would like it better. >> Yeah. >> Let me try the boba. >> What flavor bobas are they? Tastes exactly like the lemonade. There's no difference in flavor of the strawberry popping bobas from the strawberry flavor in the lemonade. I'm not really sure what the point of those bobbas were. >> They almost taste a little bit like perfumey. >> You know what I mean? You know, sometimes things are kind of like a perfumey flavor. >> Yeah. >> I probably wouldn't order this again. I think it's a little bit pricey for what it is, but I'm glad I tried it. >> Oh, yeah. It's like a little a little guy. This little squirrel. Look at him. He's all baldled up eating his eating his his winter hall. We're going to head in Mitsukoshi. See if there's any new Pokemon stuff in here. Pokemon. There's uh the Hello Kitty and Friends stuff over here. And the Manichi. This is sort of like Eastery type stuff. Whoa. Kitty White, where are you headed? This is me at Easter. >> This looks like the fish from Spongebob. >> Oh yeah. Which one? There's a lot of fish in Spongebob. >> The ones with on the roller skates at Universal. >> Oh yeah. >> You know what I'm talking about. >> Who is this guy? >> I don't know. Oh, is he a friend of of Hello Kitty? >> Oh my god. >> Strawberry rainbow. >> What is this? >> There's a mici. >> I love that. >> This is hangy. Hangodon. >> I thought he was wearing a hat, but it's the it's the security tag. >> Look at his little hat. >> We got a lot of Yoshi's here. I bet you this in Tanuki Mario over here. Feel like this might be here for as like a way of being like, "Oh, well, the new movie is coming out. We should put out some Mario merch." and Zelda and Link. If you guys ever wonder what I look like working out in the morning, this is it. >> Let me show you mine. >> All right. This is you working out in the morning. >> These are all my Smith kids. Hold on. >> That's you trying to put your pants on. >> So, they're all dressing. >> That's him trying to put his pants on. Two legs at a time. >> Yeah, >> we all put our pants on two legs at a time, >> right? >> Except for this one. >> We're just like you. >> This one. And look how cute. This one's trying to put his his underwear on. >> Oh, no. And then this guy's like, I got to try to get my socks on, but I'm like fighting for my life over here. >> That's the first thing he's got to try to do is put his socks on. >> They're so cute. >> Oh, look at them. I like that you have a video, but I'm showing a video of your video. There's a Pikachu with a flower crown. Springtime Pikachu. Oh, they have Pikmin terrarium collections. How fun is this? I don't even know if you guys can see it, but like they're little Pikman's inside of little terrariums. Oh my goodness. And they're little blind boxes so you don't know which one you're getting. But these are probably the most adorable thing. This one's in a light bulb. Wow. These are awesome. I know that they like baseball in Japan, but like Oh, is he does he play for for the Los Angeles Dodgers? What's this decoy one? Skater John Diitsu Khan. Uh, a collection of Japanese arts. And this is the Kawaii collection. It's a good way to escape the heat and see all of the different uh, Dorman, Domok, Kuman, lots of different uh, Japanese characters that you know. Kitty White, Fukachan, Beran, Saler Man. It's cool. It's like gives the history of Kawaii and different elements of it. And then the uh Arjuku girls or they katsumi isuki. How do I get this? You know what is kind of sad? This Pikachu kettle is not an electric kettle. It's like you have to put heat underneath it >> and uh heat up the water. It should be an electric kettle, right? Look, there's a there's a Tokyo Disney popcorn bucket back there with Duffy. I also like this little pig. Who's this little pig? Give me more information about the pig. So, we had Tamagotchis when we were kids. This is the gap gashaons out here. >> But these there's a Tamagotchi Angel, Monster, Private Life Tamagotchi Plus, and Tamagotchi. Oh, they're rings. >> Yeah. Are they working Tamagotchi rings? >> That's actually really cute. >> We found it. And there's eight on this one or nine on this one. >> Is the ninth one down there? Yeah. >> $6. >> Okay, let's get 16 of them. >> So, I think we'll get one. >> Okay, just kidding. All right, Jen got one of the Tamagotchis right here, >> but it charged us. I So, it the machine was kind of finicky. It was like It was like like slide your card. No, tap your card. No, use the chips. So, I think we got charged for three of them. >> Excellent. First of all, orange is my favorite color, so this is already promising. I either want the Tamagotchi Monster or the Private Life one. The Private Life one had this little like star on top, and the monster one was just cute. Ooh. >> Does it say on it? >> Oh, I got a Tamagotchi P. >> What does that mean? >> I don't know what that means. What does that mean? This is a Tamagotchi for ants. >> Oh, it goes on. It's a ring, right? >> Okay. So, that answers my question. It doesn't work. I thought it >> Oh, it's just like a look. Yeah. >> Oh man, I thought that it actually would be one that you could use. Here's the ring Tamagotchi that Jen pulled. We thought it actually worked. It doesn't actually work. It's just like a ring for you to wear. Still cool, but $6. There's one of the eggs from the extravaganza bag here in Japan. And it's Ducky and Bunny from Toy Story 3. And you can see they even have the little plastic tab on the top still cuz they are uh from the carnival and they're kind of stuck together as a joint gift. They're zip tied to a piece of metal and that's what you would win as a prize for playing the carnival game. So now we're done in Japan and we are making our way towards actually Germany will be our next booth. We're going to pass by a few booths on our way there. >> But the next one that we want to try is Germany. >> America does have new items. It has a new black and shrimp hoboy. Right. instead of the black and shrimp, but I I don't really want that right now. I'm sorry. So, we're going to pass by that one. And it also the pictures that I saw were kind of underwhelming. Everything that I saw had two shrimps on. >> Like a big hunk of bread and two shrimps. >> So, I'm I'm going to I'm going to pass on that one. >> There's a booth here for the Savannah Bee Company. Got honey and various other things. Be here now. Honey sticks. Honey fire sticks. Oh, there's spicy honey. Here's the America booth. And there's the black and shrimp poboy with lettuce, tomato, and cajun ramlad for $7.49. >> So, these prices are a little bit more >> doable. >> Reasonable. Yeah, >> but I think I am going to skip this boy. >> Bean bunny. Let's go. Heck yeah. A good bean bunny egg out here for the extravaganza Easter egg hunt. I looked at the radar and it's not showing anything in our area, but the cloud is to like the actual sky is telling a different story here in Italy. Well, we might be getting rained on just like yesterday. >> Just like yesterday. >> That's okay. I'd be I'm hot. I would I would accept the rain. >> Look at Lady in the back there. >> They're very fluffy and like >> uh uh plantlike. >> Oh, the they're the they're the tubbyas that I like. The real the real ones. Let's go get a closer look. >> Okay, there they are. A lady in the looking fresh and like he looks like he just had a nice shave. Lady looking like she just came from the barber. She got a blowout. You want to go inside and see if they have any fancy designer Italian handbags? >> Is that here? >> Yeah. >> I did see that people were looking for like Hermes bags here. Was that >> not in Not in Italy? Yeah. In France. >> Oh, in France. Bronze. >> Bronze. >> Let's see what they have in here. >> Some nice fish handles. And you get some some Gucci, some Prada. >> Oh, that's pretty. >> All sales are final. Can't bring it back. This is the one that they just sell out here. >> Oh, is it >> just like on the on the racks? >> I got >> these are all like from the rail rail or from what's the other one? They're whatever they do on the cruise. What's the one on the cruise? Something. It's like what goes around or something like that on the cruise. >> But I don't think I would buy one of these. But I think it's cool that they sell them here. >> Yeah, >> I like it. Yeah. >> We're passing by the Italy pavilion. We're heading over to Germany. There is the little town in the Germany. What do you call this? Train set. >> Yeah, the miniature train set. Um little mini topiaries. >> Oh, yeah. It's decorated for flower and garden. They do have little miniature flowers and gardens >> and they have the flags like that flag. >> But no, no topiaries. >> I love the train set, >> right? We should we should definitely like uh petition for that. >> What? For what? Like >> for topiaries. Little topiaries. >> Oh, in here. I thought you meant like I was like, what do you mean? You want him to give it to us? >> Yeah, just give us this thing. >> Give it to >> Who? What? I've never noticed this little lighthouse over here. >> Where? >> Like that huge building right there. I was looking for a little lighthouse. >> Like a tiny little light. It's pretty small. >> Alex, no. >> Oh no, there's a bad tractor crash here. Look at this. The wheel is off. >> This guy fell off the tractor there. The tractor's falling into the ravine. Oh no. Not at the milk factory. So there is another Germany booth. But for this item that we're getting today, we're heading over to Summerfest, which is back here. Well, as soon as you get in, you kind of go through this door and turn around. And it's right behind this this wall here. So, this is what we're going to be getting right here. The German onion cake with asparagus, caramelized onions, bacon, herb, goat cheese. Yeah. And the savory custard. That's why we're getting cuz new. >> Oh, this one's new. >> It looks like it's going to be bigger than the one that we got, but it is. >> Awesome people with it out there. It was big. >> But it's the same price as the one that we got. >> M. That's a good good hack, right? Disney hack. All right. Here's our our cake. Our onion cake with asparagus and bacon and some tomatoes. And it's a custard on top, too. >> So, maybe that's what it was in the France booth. Maybe it wasn't egg. Well, I guess custard is great. Yeah, it looks kind of like gravyish consistency. >> Well, let's give it a try. >> Oh, we were talking to the cast member though, and he said that German people love asparagus. >> They said in the springtime. >> In the springtime. >> So, there you go. I'm going to give you a big bite. You ready? >> I made Jen cut it so that I could put my arm around her. >> Oh my gosh. Wow. >> Feed me like one of your German men. Oh, >> that's pretty good. >> Yeah. >> It tastes like onion custard. Yeah. It's like a almost like a um like kiche. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Pretty good. >> It does have like a little bit of like a I'm not going to use the word slimy, but you know what I mean? Like not fully formed like consistency to it. >> Oh yeah. Okay. Like the bottom's crispy, >> but what's on the top is very >> What's the terminology? >> It tastes like gravy. >> Yeah, >> it tastes like gravy. I mean, it is very good. >> Very delicious. >> But it wasn't the texture that I was expecting. I'm not like mad about it. I I'm just surprised. >> I wish there was more bacon and possibly some ham on there. >> Does it have bacon? >> Yeah, it has bacon. Oh, I'm getting a I'm getting a lot of obviously onion and a lot of tomato flavor. >> M I haven't gotten any asparagus yet. >> Me neither. >> So, where we were eating that, there's like a trinket shelf behind. I don't know. It's like if you open this door, does it open into the trinket shelf or is there something else behind it? Like a secret? But right now, I'm saying it's just trinket shelf. But look, there's a man, a little boy playing the fiddle. >> Oo, >> there's a boot. >> A little dos boot. >> Uh, a little nutcracker over here. Some silver steines and things like that. A cuckoo clock. >> Ooh. a cowbell. This is like >> I love it. I like the little the nutcrackers are my favorite. I like this one. >> USA for the Oh, he's a he's a tourist. >> Oh, >> this guy's from the UK. This is fun. >> I know we say this a lot, but I think it's a really good idea to just like look at the little details because there's lots of cool stuff around that you probably have not noticed before. >> Yeah, >> I've never noticed that and I've been here a million times. So, here is the other Germany booth, but there is nothing here new. However, this toasted pretzel bread with black horse ham, melted cheese. Delicious. Highly recommend. Now, we've made it over to the African outpost and we're heading over to the refreshment outpost. Rob's over here carving a little elephant. >> Wow. Hello. >> Good. How are you? >> How are you? >> What kind of wood is that? >> Eucalyptus. >> Eucalyptus. >> Oh, wow. >> I like the smell of eucalyptus. How long does it take you to complete it? >> Something like this. >> Yeah, >> like 2 hours. >> 2 hours? Wow, that's quick. It would take me a lot longer. >> I know. It would take me at least 6 years. We're at the refreshment outpost. We're going to get this Nigerian beef pie with papaya syrup. Sounds kind of good. I'm excited to give it a try. It's going to be $679. All right, there it is. My Nigerian beef hand pie with papaya sauce. Looks like it's going to be a little spicy. >> Let me try this. >> Some like red peppers in there, right? >> I know. I was I thought it was going to be sweet, but it does look spicy. Some spicy papaya. >> Oh, it tastes like um sweet chili. You know, the sweet stuff. The one that you like. >> It is a little spicy though. >> Oh, no. >> It's only like You don't have to dip it back in it. You know, >> the beef is kind of a green color. >> Green. >> Yeah. Look at that. >> Oh, okay. Interesting. All right. Excited for you to try it. The flaky like crust looks good. >> So, there's like a lot of air >> inside of it. Not as much beef as I thought. >> You don't like it? >> It's not. I was expecting more flavor. It is flavor full but not as like whoa as I was expecting. It's good. >> Do you get most of the flavor from the sauce? >> Yeah. Okay. >> And I just got the spice there. It is spicy but not overly spicy. >> The crust looks delicious. >> It is flaky, but there's not like like I said, not a lot of flavor to the crust, >> but I don't want to misconrue that cuz there is a flavor there. >> Sorry. I know you guys can probably hear the kids banging on all the drums. It's a little loud over here. >> I don't know if I would get it again. >> No. >> No. I'm not like blown away, but I'm not absolutely like I wouldn't don't want to eat this ever in my life. >> I'm glad we tried it. I'm going to try a bite, too. But I'm glad you got it cuz I want to try it. Messy. Okay. >> It's kind of giving sloppy joeish. sloppy joe adjacent with more vegetables. I taste a lot of potato. Uh there's carrots in there, onion, peppers. It is spicy. Wow. It's definitely um a little sweet, a little spicy. I love the the crust. Nice and golden brown. >> All right, so now we're continuing our way around World Showcase, heading past the China booth. And actually, I believe that we have made it to the end of our savory girl uh lunchtime. Now we're heading to the sweet boy dessert time. >> Oh, the sweet boy. >> Yeah, >> I do. Yeah, I think we had a good selection of like we just kind of came for lunch, right? So, I think we had a good selection for lunch. I'm glad we tried what we tried. There were some hits. There were some misses. >> Yeah, >> I want something sweet. >> I demand sweets. I'm not sure why, but it looks like Frozen Ever After has their doors closed. I think that is it's down right now. So, just outside of Norway, they have this brand new permanent booth out here that has the very popular school bread for sale. So, if you're looking for school bread, the sweet roll filled with custard and dipped in coconut. >> Right here at this booth. All right, for our sweet item, I think that we are going to head past the Mexico booth through the Odyssey building and over towards Brunch Cot for the French toast. We've heard a lot of good things about the French toast. Now we're making our way through the Citrus Blossom which is in the Odyssey building. Like I said, we're not eating here, but we are headed through to head over towards Brunch Cot near Test Track. I haven't seen this yet for this festival, but it is nice and like springtime. >> Oh, I love it. >> That's very cool. >> You know what they should do? I'd like to meet Orange Bird in here. >> Oh my goodness. This is the worst lighting I've ever seen in my life. Look like >> I look like a vampire, maybe. >> Here's a look at the menu. But yeah, we're not going to be stopping to get anything here. This >> cinnamon beignet. Oh, that lemon tart does look good. All right, just outside of test track. We're doing brunch cod right here. And we're going to get the French toast with cinnamon cereal cream and caramel sauce. Wo. Also, the shrimp and grits with tasso ham gravy sounds pretty good. If I ate shrimp, maybe something else. Just have the ham in there. Oh, look at how beautiful that avocado toast is. But also, there's our French toast that we're going to get. Mhm. I like how the front right corner of it is a little blurry. Oh, no. >> All right, here it is. This is the French toast. Looks pretty good. >> It looks like it's going to be so sweet. >> I know. But also, like, look at the like the crust on the actual bread. >> Yeah, it does look good. >> Let me see. Cuz what I do is I I burn the bottom. >> Oh, no, they didn't. Okay. I burn the bottom. I put that on the bottom so you don't see what a bad job I did. >> You always do a good job. Let's see how it cuts. Okay. Well, it's hard because they kind of put it in like this bowl. Sort of a a bowl plate. >> Oh. >> So, it's kind of hard to cut in this plate. Let's see. >> We'll come back to you after you've made it through it. All right. Let's try this. >> There's a little bit of everything. The cream, the cereal, the caramel. >> First of all, not overly sweet. >> No. >> No. Tastes more like less like French toast. >> Okay. >> Just regular toast with a hint of French toast in there. >> Well, there's no syrup on it. Right. >> Right. Okay. >> It's more buttery than anything. >> Ooh, I like butter. >> Pretty good. >> Well, caramel is like cooked down butter, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay, so that makes sense. >> The caramel is sweet, but not like intensely sweet. >> Okay. >> Yeah, it's not super sweet. >> It's surprising. >> Yeah. >> There you go. buttery, cinnamony, creamy from this uh cereal cream. The cereal cream is really good. It is kind of like your milk at the end of your bowl of cereal. So, it's like milky but still a little sweeter than regular milk. A little chewy. >> I like it. >> Yeah, actually this is a nice way to end the day. >> Over here in front of Creation Shop, they've got a whole topiary section to Monsters University. But I like their ideas. They just took large bushes and like put eyes on them. >> The best >> Oh, that one's pretty >> Disney soundtrack of all time. Monsters University. >> Oh, yeah. Name a song. >> I don't They don't have any words. It's like, >> okay. All right. There it is. This guy. >> I love it. >> I like that they gave most of the plants eyeballs except for this one. This one's just a plant. We're going to leave through creation shop. We're pretty much done for the day. Just making our way to the front. But there's some air conditioning in here. So, we came in. >> Grab a little a little cool air. >> Part days and lattes. >> Oh, these are actually cute. >> Look, it's a a straw topper with a cup on. It's a tinier cup that you put on top of your cup. >> Oh, it's from It's from Starbucks. Okay. >> Yeah, this is the Starbucks section. >> These are cute. >> But I like that like days and lattes. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Sort of a rhyme if you give it like a taz and lattes. >> Yeah. So, in the build your own, create your own headband section. Of course, you have the headbands that you can add any of these little characters to, but they also have hats now. >> Wow. >> That you can have the slits in them. >> Here's a little But see your the guys don't floppy. >> Yeah, they don't. They lay back. I don't like how they lay back on the hat. >> I feel like if you could figure out a way to like really cinch it down tight. >> I wonder if you have it on your head if it like sits up better. Nope. Let me see. Oh no. Sad mini. >> But if my hair I didn't put it all the way down. >> She's tired. I think she just had a long day at Epcot and she just needed a little nap. A little little nano nap. >> Little nano nap. Little mini nap. >> Sometimes they have these at the outlets for cheaper. Oh yeah. >> The headbands and a very small selection of these things. >> So I think these were they were selling these for $9 $9 I think. >> $1.99. >> Yeah. So maybe check the outlets >> and then you could get your Foxy Dad shirt and then get >> That's perfect. >> Nick Wild. >> What's that? Oh, are they like >> cozy cones? >> Oh, I thought it was the pennant. Oh, no. Cozy combs. You want to pay $65 for some Crocs? >> I wouldn't tell you that I won the lottery, but there'd be signs. >> Oh, >> I'd have these on both my feet and my hands. >> And your hands. >> You wouldn't be able to do anything cuz you got Crocs on your hands. >> Would you cut little finger holes or just leave them? >> I'll be so rich I don't even need to use my hands anymore. >> Yeah, you would not cut finger holes, but you would cut towe holes. >> No, just cut the cut the front off. >> I could buy the children's size. Get a little bit of a deal. Buy the children's size. They're cheaper. Cut the toe holes, my toes will just pop right off. Okay. Yeah, that's what I like. >> Yeah. You know, you still have to be frugal even if you win the lottery. >> Okay. I like that these are like Easter colors, right? But also this shirt, >> it's like a like a jacket, not Yeah. But I feel like Do you remember Do you remember when they would do that thing on TikTok where they would just like be like, "Uh, ice cream. Yum yum" type thing. Like that's all this is. All the fun. Yum. Today is magic. Wow. All the fun. So, >> oh boy. >> That they should have that where they like will send you an ice cream cone but like a Mickey bar. >> Yeah. Or >> Disney should have their own version of that Tik Tok thing. >> What are they called? >> I don't know >> those Tik Tok people. You know what we're talking about. >> Tik Tok live. >> But they don't do that anymore. Right now they do the battles. >> I don't know. I'm not a Tik Tok girly. You'll have to tell me. Tell me in the comments. What do they do? What are they doing over there? >> What's happening on Tik Tok? >> I like that. That cat who's like looking over the snow bankank and he's like, "What's going on over there?" That's me. It's a Tik Tok. You're You're uh Clooney. George Clooney >> looking over the BM. >> What BM? >> You don't know who George Clooney is? >> No. What are you talking about? >> It was It's from a movie. There's like a meme. George Clooney looking over a berm. >> I think they would know the cat looking over the the smell. >> Okay, we're going to have a poll in the comments. >> Who do you know, the cat or George? >> Yum. If you recognize George Clooney or Meow. All right, that'll about do it for us. Now, we're headed up to the front of the park. Visit our favorite bathrooms right underneath Spaceship Earth. Or I guess to the sides of Spaceship Earth. There's one on either side. It's our favorite last stop before leaving the park. On the way out, Spaceship Earth's wait time has gone down slightly. It's only a 20 minute wait. Still very long wait for Spaceship Earth. All right, that's going to do it for us here from Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. We saw some flowers, saw some gardens, we tasted some food. >> I want to come back though cuz we didn't hit every booth. A lot of the stuff we had today was like heavy and filling. Oh, yeah. >> Especially that last onion thing from Germany was like wo. >> And it was kind of big too, right? It was delicious, but it was very like thick and dense >> and rich. So, I want to come back. I definitely want to hit Mexico, China. We'll be back for sure. >> But all in all, it was a fantastic day. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
