---
video_id: Lia_9yzxI1s
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Disneyland Magic Kingdom Day March 2026! Quick Weekend Trip For Rides, Crowd Levels & More!"
published: 2026-03-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lia_9yzxI1s
---
Today's video is sponsored by Door Dash. More on that in just a little bit. >> Good morning from the Orlando airport. We're headed in today because we're headed out to California for a couple of days. We are going to um the Celebration of Life for Adam out there, but also we're going to be spending some time at Disneyland. So, let's go get on a plane. It's 5:00 in the morning on a Saturday. Not a lot of people at the airport right now. Plane leaves at 6:00. Let's see how we do. So, we're taking a tunnel underneath. Doesn't look like a tunnel, but this is uh just goes underneath like the pickup and drop off area. Then we head to these escalators and then we're pretty much at security. It's nice. Like the parking here at at the airport's pretty good. Oh, what is that thing? Oh, robot. What's it doing? What are you doing, little robot? A bad job, it looks like. Is that a vacuum? There's a huge pile of dirt behind it. Look at that big pile of dirt it left behind. You're not doing very good, little robot. All right, let's see. And I might be a little shaky because I'm really like trying to move to get there quickly. Wonder what my wait time is going to be. Before the last time we came here was pretty long. Oh, it's looking pretty good. That's good. All right. Nice short lines. 517. We're through security. I'm getting on the people mover. Here we go. We're going to gate 77. Starbucks. The longest line. I have a little bit of extra time. Should I get a breakfast hot dog? I said I had some time and then my watch went off saying we're now boarding. So, let's go get on a plane. They changed my gate. It was 77 this morning. When I got here, it's 81 now. Got to go to a different spot. Good news is I was mostly in the right spot. I came down here. I got to go over there. Going to 81. Yeah, we did it. Holy cow, I love that flight. It was a bit of an early morning. Like, we woke up super early this morning, but we're here in LA at 8:30 in the morning. and we've got the whole day ahead of us. Plus, nobody was really on the flight. I had a whole row to myself. It was amazing. I did try to time-lapse the landing, but uh it didn't work, I guess. I don't know. It's like not in my phone. I recorded it and everything and it just didn't save it in my phone. So, uh I did land. We made it. So, now we're just headed to the Uber lot. Going to pick up an Uber and head towards our hotel, which is right down the street from Disneyland. It's actually a little bit chilly here right now. 65 degrees, but I feel like it'll be nice once I get into the sun. Back once again in the weird Uber pickup area for LAX. I have to say though, it is efficient. Like I feel like getting people away from the pickup area of of the actual airport and putting them kind of out here works pretty good. All right, this is where we are staying this weekend, the Courtyard by Marriott. And we're actually down here by the convention center. So, we got a little bit of a walk to get to Disneyland, but done this walk before and it's lovely. There's a convention center. That's where D23 happens. I think we'll be back out here in August for that. But I like this $50 public parking. Holy cow. And when Adam and I did the marathon or the half marathon, this is where we ran out of. And maybe not the other side of this. It was over there. Just kidding. I think we did run here though. I think this also might be the first time that I'm using like truly using these new microphones in the wind. It's like pretty windy out here today. So, we'll see how they do. Hopefully, they should do fine. I think they'll do fine, but we'll find out. I'm just kind of rambling now cuz I'm walking and you guys are my only people that I can talk to cuz there's nobody else around and I'm here by myself. So, talking to you guys about my microphones. I forgot to check and see what time we left the hotel. It's 10:19 in the morning now and we're just getting on a Disney property. These fences signify that we are officially at Disneyland. We made it. We're heading into Disneyland now. Feel like I should have picked DCA. Like there's nobody going into nobody going into DCA. But over here at Disneyland, big lines. Look at how many people there are down there. Oh my goodness. But I'm just going to go towards these end turn styles down here. There it is. Disneyland's Railroad Station and the Disneyland Railroad, too. 70th anniversary. Celebrate happy. As we first step in, it's pretty crowded in here today. Lots and lots of people. It is a Saturday, so it's understandable. Also, they're doing the extravaganza right now. Look, there's a Mr. Toad egg up there. So, you can go inside and you buy this little little Easter egg hunt and then you get a little little prize when you come back after you find them all. One of the coolest things about Disneyland is that they don't like there's still a bunch of people in here, but they're still running all of the main street vehicles like these trolleys and stuff like that with actual horses. I think we are just a little bit too crowded back at Disney World to do this. The horses, the trolleys, the omnibus. Look at that. Well, this is something that I haven't seen yet is a magical life Walt Disney. There's a Walt Disney animatronic in here. I got to check and see what time the showtime is here. But before we head in, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Door Dash. Door Dash isn't just an ondemand delivery platform. It's a way to make everyday life easier. You can have almost anything from your local neighborhood delivered. Food, flowers, retail items, and more straight to your door. I'm getting ready to head out to California for a quick trip, and between packing and planning, I'm running low on time. That's where Door Dash comes in. I know that all I have to do is open the app, and I have a bunch of local options available for delivery. Whether it's dinner from a local restaurant so I don't have to stop packing to cook or those last minute essentials like those little teeny tiny travelsized toiletries, I know I can find them available for delivery through the Door Dash app. And I know that these items will come fast. Depending on your area, deliveries can take as little as 20 to 35 minutes. Door Dash isn't just for food delivery, either. This winter was especially cold here in Central Florida, and I totally forgot to insulate my exterior water pipes on the day where the nighttime low temperature was supposed to be well under freezing. I didn't have time to run out to the hardware store to get the pipe insulation cuz I still needed to finish covering my plants before the freeze. Luckily, I was able to order pipe insulation for delivery through the Door Dash app. So, I was able to prepare for the freeze easily and without any stress. Door Dash truly is your door to more. So, if you could use a little extra time in your day to get stuff done or even a little extra time to relax, be sure to check the down below or use the QR code on the screen to download the Door Dash app and start making everyday life easier. Thank you to Door Dash for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. There's also like a big display of different Walt memorabilia. The actual park bench from the Griffith Park merry-goround in Los Angeles where Walt Disney first dreamed of Disneyland. We'll put a down below. We rode that merrygoround. I believe we sat on this bench before he came to Disneyland, but we'll put a link to that video in the description down below. So, there's just a whole display of the history of Disneyland and the history of Walt Disney back here. And this is a display of Walt's apartment. We actually also went up into Walt's apartment above the firehouse. Same same series of videos. We'll put a link to that entire series of videos in the description down below because it was a good trip. So, right now is going to be Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln. They just said that Walt was coming around 2:00 p.m. So, we'll probably be back for that. It's also interesting to see this stuff because I think back at at uh Hollywood Studios, we have the original version of this that Walt made, the little dancing man animatronic, the Jungle Cruise Crocodile. Oh, this is the disc that they would use to all the birds, all the animatronics from Tiki Room. But this is the uh the disc that they would use like a cam disc. So it would raise and lower things that would set off and you can kind of see it underneath the dancing man down here. Set off different movements in the dancing man. So you see they're attached to strings here. And each cam would lift up a little lever and pull the the rope or the string and that would cause a different movement in the little figure here. >> So this is like the precursor to animatronics. E is 17 minutes in all. The birds tell jokes, the flowers sing, the flowers that sing. >> And my cousin Jose, he whistles. You will not believe it. >> We're like getting a close-up view of the uh the birds from the tiki room. These are neat. It's just like a display of different awards that Disney got over time. Wow. I like this one. It's not even an award. It's just Mickey riding a t a tortoise boy scouts. Oh, and this one's a specific Oh, it's like an award for Snow White and the Seven Doors. These are neat. I don't think like some of these are just wild. He also won an award from uh the Ontario Humane Society. That's amazing. Oh, and he got a master's. There's his degree from USC >> to Walt Disney for the greatest single contribution ever made to the sport of racing pigeons, the pigeon that worked a miracle. How I I want I would like to contribute to the sport of racing pigeons. And then all throughout here, there's all these different signs here that are describing the different areas of Disneyland and different con pieces of concept art or drawings that inspired the area. So, this one is Frontier Land, and these are different drawings that inspired Frontier Land. Goofy's out here meeting and greeting, too. Look at that. There's Goofy out here, too. I like that they're just kind of like they just kind of like meet in the streets. They do have a specific spot that they meet, but it's mostly just like right here and right there. Minnie's over there, and Goofy's right here, and they'll switch it out. Chip and Dale and Mickey and everybody will be over here. It's It's cool. And see, Pluto is just right there. Also, Chip was out here, too, but they're moving away. Earlier when we were in Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln, we talked a little bit about how we went into Walt's apartment. And this is it just over top of the fire station right there. You can see that light up in the window there. They always leave that burning that way. It's like a reminder that Walt's always here in this park cuz he would turn on that light whenever he was in the actual apartment in the park. All right, there it is. Disneyland's castle. It's such a little castle, but still we love it. Been happening down here on Main Street over top of Carnation Cafe. Tell you what, I'll be perfectly happy just being at Disneyland today. Not riding anything, just vibing. Just like enjoying, soaking in the essence of Disneyland. Look at that. It's beautiful. Just a just a little castle appreciation shot right here. I know I said I'd be totally happy just vibing and not riding any rides, but I'm going to head into Fantasy Land, see what the wait times are like back here. Well, it's only 30 minutes for their Peter Pan out here, even though the line looks long. 15 minutes for Snow White. It's not bad. Let's go ride Snow White. It's 11:43 and we're getting in line right now. We'll see how long it is. Oh no. Once upon a time, a kind and lovely princess named Snow White had a wish. The wish was not meant to be for the queen envious of her beauty commanded she be a humble maid. I like that it tells the whole story of Snow White as you're going through the queue. Kind of bummed cuz this is the table that I have this memory with Adam Woo where he threw a quarter into a goblet on the table in here and the table's gone now. It was pretty quick. It's 11:57 now. >> What's happening? It's >> all happening so fast. Oh, now I know the recipe. There's >> so much happening on the side. Always. >> Oh, don't eat it. Snow White. Oh, no. She ate it. Heat. Heat. We did it. Proud of everybody. Look at that. Pinocchio and Japetto are out and about. All right, let's see. What about over at Pinocchio? See what the wait time's like over at Pinocchio for Pinocchio's Daring Pinocchio's Daring Journey. I almost call it his daring voyage. Oh, somebody got scared. All right, it's listed as a 10-minute wait. Let's have a look see and see. It's 12:13 right now. Like, this is amazing. Look at this. 11 minutes. We're about to get on right now. They said the wait time was 10 minutes. How perfect. >> Thunder Island. I don't want to go there. We got a front row on this one. Oh, the exit's blocked off. Oh no. That seems like a fire hazard. Oh my goodness. Oh. Oh no. Jim. Oh, brother. How do we get out of the cage? >> Hey, this way. >> We're doing it. We're going to Pleasure Island. Looks like fun. I see no downsides to this weird choice for gingerbread men, but okay. Gingerbread house. Okay. Whoa. Oh my goodness. Nothing scary about that guy at all. Actually, I love it. I probably wouldn't go into the rough house. Stay out of that place, >> you know. Oh no. Why did that guy turn into a donkey? >> Oh, they they found the Mona Lisa here though. They like know what art is. Wait, are we all turning into donkeys? That's what sold to the salt mine. What good are donkeys at the salt mine? Uh, I don't want to go. I'll go this way. Seems totally safe this way. out to see. Yeah, let's go that way. >> Oh no. How do you know his name? Oh my god. >> Chapetto, >> you're on your way now. >> Oh, good. I feel like we skipped a few steps in this story. Japetto's choice. One of my favorite effects. There she is. The blue fairy. Wow. It's almost as if she's not there anymore. Where was she? Oh my gosh. Magic. Hey, Jiminy. Good job. Look at all these things that Jeppetto made. I would buy his toys for sure. >> When you wish upon a star, all your dreams come true. Nobody did anything about Stromboli. He's still got posters around for him. I've never noticed when you come out of Pinocchio, there's just a window here full of whistles. Just like a whistle window. Oh, because you give give a little whistle. Oh, okay. These are all little whistles. Got to hit the bathrooms really quick over here by Red Rose Tavern. And then we're going to go ride on maybe uh Toad. Man, look at this crowd. Oh, buddy. Just kidding. The bathroom's closed over here, let's go find a different bathroom. You know what? Since we're already heading this way, we might as well start heading towards Frontier Land and then towards uh New Orleans Square. I'd like to get something to eat over in New Orleans Square. At least look and see what the options are. Maybe even see what the wait time is for Haunted Mansion. We're passing by Big Thunder Mountain and I might wait until a little bit later to ride Big Thunder Mountain. The wait line or the wait time on the app was pretty long right now. I was around 40 or 50 minutes. I'm going to wait and see if the time goes. It probably goes up, but we're going to head towards Haunted Mansion cuz I feel like if I'm going to spend my time waiting in a long line, kind of want it to be Haunted Mansion. But it will be nice to ride Big Thunder Mountain, especially since ours is currently closed for a huge refurbishment. I was kind of hoping that the train would come by right when I was saying that, but nothing. I can see it. There it is. Oh, I thought it came the other way. Oh yeah. Hang on to your hats and glasses or best remove them. I'm just impressed by the the crowds here today. I feel like this is the busiest I've ever seen Disneyland. At least that I can remember. We don't come here that often, but it's definitely busy today. Yeah. See the wait time says 55 minutes. Petrified tree. Pike petrified forest, Colorado. This section weighs 5 tons and measures 7 1/2 ft tall. The original tree estimated to have been 200 ft tall. part of a subtropical forest 55 to 70 million years ago in what is now Colorado scientists believed to be the redwood of seoia species during some prehistoric era a cataclysmic upheaval caused silicone laden water to overspread the living forest wood cells were changed during the course of time to sandstone opals were formed within the tree trunk itself I always heard a story about this that Walt gave it to Lillian as a gift and she said I don't want that put it in your park so now that's why it's here in Disneyland and I know it's just like seems like it's a story, but it was presented to Disneyland by Miss Walt Disney on September of 1957 cuz she's like, "No thanks. You put it in your park." There it is, the Mark Twain. Or throughout Disneyland's history, they have had bands playing and famous music acts playing on the Mark Twain, which I think would be amazing to see. Pirates is only a 15-minute wait. Let's go. It's 12:38 now. 12:38. Let's see see how long it actually takes us to get off. It's like I'm already on the ride. Sitting down at 12:50. Right when we got on, they just announced that there's a delay in operations. So, I don't know if we'll get to ride it, but we did it. All right. We made it on to Pirates of the Caribbean. Oh, now we get her. This is how this is what I want to be doing right now. Sleeping on a front por on a back porch. Especially if it was cool out like this and there was no bugs. Oh, man. >> Wait until your ready hands in order. I got water in my eyes. Is that safe? I went into the Caribbean water in my eyes. There's a second drop. I forgot there's two drops. Oh, buddy. I feel like the second drop is just a little guy. All right, we made it. So, he's constantly saying dead men tell no tales and then uh they start telling their tales. So, these are all the dead men, right? This guy's from Florida, I guess. Oh my goodness. stole your weapons. Who's winning? So, here's Oh my goodness. Look at this painting. My goodness. Wow. So, there's always this rumor that there was a real skull on this ride, and we always heard that it was one like on the back of the bed there, but I guess that would have been removed for years upon years, and all the bones and skulls in here are all fake now. You heard that rumor. Uh, rest assured, it is no longer true. Oh my goodness, there's another ghost. How many ghost playing pianos are in Disneyland? See, can't take it with you, as they say. This guy collected all this gold. And there he is, a skeleton on top of it all. This is a cool effect right here. So, this is where the dead men Oh, it's an octopus. Start telling tales because they're no longer dead. See, he's alive now. >> It's Jack Sparrow around. >> I know where he's at. He's right around the corner over here. My goodness. Look at this fight happening up here. Oh. Oh, another one came in. There he is again with his grandfather clock. Wa. Look at the swag on this goat. My goodness. You guys have plenty of pounds. >> Look at all these all these eggs. >> Oh man. I gave you $2. As I've said before, this town is full of chickens. There's so many chickens in this town. You see how many were in that last scene? And there's more in this one. Just chickens everywhere. And I feel bad for the owner of the town hat shop. He got taken by pirates. >> Oh, don't call the dog names. >> Oh, he's calling the other guy names, not the dog. Okay, you're doing great, dog. It's just a typical evening with the boys. And now head back up to the land of the living. Am I going up the lift now? Passing by Haunted Mansion. 70minute wait. Oh, buddy. We're going to walk a little bit further in towards Galaxy's Edge. Maybe I'll get a Ronto wrap. Kind of a little bit hungry. I made it all the way into Galaxy's Edge. And then I realized I said we have Galaxy's Edge back home. So, uh, not going to eat a Ronto wrap. I'm going to find something that is specific to Disneyland to eat. Let's go find something to eat. All right. Back at Haunted Mansion and all this talk about food. I'm like, "Okay, so we're at Disneyland. I want something good because I'm when I'm only here for a short period of time. I want to make sure that I'm getting something good in my time here. Now, I'm having a hard time deciding what to get." I think I'm going to go get a Disneyland corn dog. I was going to say, >> right, it's the perfect thing. Passing back by Pirates. The line has definitely extended longer because I think it might still be down. See, people are waiting. Passing by Indiana Jones. Another 70minute wait. Oo, starting to get crowded now that it's in the afternoon when it looks like Jungle Cruise is down right now. Zooming daily this spring. Walked right up to the cavalgate. The celebrate happy cavalc gate happening. I should say I walked up to the end of it cuz it's ending right now. Peter Pan's playing the flute. All right, now that the parade or the cavalcade is cleared out, let's head across the street to the corn dogs. Big long line for the corn dogs. Oh, wonder if I can mobile order. I checked the mobile order and it was a 30 minute wait for mobile order. So hopefully I'll be less here just like regular waiting in line. It's 1:49 now, so we'll see. This is where we're getting the corn dog. They also have a chili cheese corn dog. Oh my goodness. There it is. There's my Disneyland corn dog. A little bag of chips, too. I like how like it's like a little chunky boy with the teeniest, tiniest stick. I'm just going to put some uh mustard in my thing and then eat it up. All right, here we go. Disneyland corn dog with some mustard on. Way better than Disney World. And they dip them here on site. I don't know if they do at Disneyland Disney World, but they're just better here. They just taste better. They're so good. All right, now that we've had a delicious corn dog, let's head back into Fantasy Land. We'll finish up in there. do uh Toad, maybe the story boats. I want to go back to Small World, too. I haven't been on Small World out here in a while. Let's do it. Let's get back to Fantasy Land. Oh, also passing by the Matterhorn. Oo, I wonder if they'll ever turn this uh this waterfall back on. Also passing by Alice in Wonderland. I'm not going to ride this while I'm out here, even though that is a short line. Uh mostly because this is Jen and I's ride. It's the first ride we always ride when we come here. So, next time we're here together, then I will ride Alice in Wonderland. All right, let's see how long the wait is for Toad back here cuz we're back in the fantasy line. And boy oh boy, what a busy busy day. I know I've said that a bunch today, but it really is. It says it's only a 20-minute wait. Sorry, 2:20 getting in line. We'll see if it'll be 240 when we get into the car. All right. Uh, just kidding. The ride just went down, so we got out of line. We'll come back again later. And now the line's starting to move. Maybe people are getting out of line. All right. We're going to start heading back towards Small World now because Toad was down. I got to tell you though, it is a beautiful day. Like the weather is perfect. I'm not sweating. The sun is out. It was a little bit chilly this morning, but it's perfect weather now. Oh, look at the railroad passing in front of Small World over there. Small World. That's where we're headed to. But first, we're going to head over here to the Fantasy Land Theater and use the bathroom. But also, this is where Blue is going to be coming to the Fantasy Land Theater. So, you can start to see the essence of what will be Blue's best day ever. And that is opening actually pretty soon, March 22nd here at Disneyland in the Fantasy Land Theater. I'll be very excited to see it. I think we might try to come back out here with the kids specifically to see this show. I'm just popping into the standby entrance for Small World. Right now 238. We'll see how long it takes us to get through this line. Says it's a 30 minute wait. 20 minutes. 20 minutes. 20-minut wait. Sorry, not 30 minutes. Hard for me to read the sign. >> There goes the Montreal. The cavalc's going to come right here. Wow. I don't think we'll be here when he comes out cuz it'll be moved up in the line, but this would be a good spot to watch it. There's the cavalcade, but we are way further in line than where we were when they first made the announcement that the cavalcade was coming with the Montreal going behind them. >> We're getting closer and closer to getting on. It's 3:08 now. It's been been a bit. We're looking right around a little bit over 30 minutes. She told me to enjoy my trip around the world. Let's go. First stop, that moose right there. That looks like a giant pig. I think it's supposed to be a bear. Three. I think it's supposed to be for 3:15. But the clock, this is a whole clock. Like the all of it's a small world is a big clock and every 15 minutes it goes up. The happiest cruise that ever sailed. Who let this cat sail a boat? I don't think you want to catch a walrus, do you? With a fishing pole. Reminds me of my time in Canada. See, this one's neat because the one in Disneyland has a bunch of different Disney characters in it. Where's ours back in Orlando doesn't have that like Cinderella over here in Jous Marionette from Five Nights at Freddy's Pinocchio. Oh, the Lion King. Terrifying. There's that kid again with that chicken. Dante, I love you, Dante. There they The three caviaros. What means I rumba? Hello. It's a small world, but I just think it's funny that you look at all this stuff and then you just look up at the ceiling and it's like acoustic tiles like you'd see in an office building. Hope you find your mom Dory. Oh, the hoola dancers on this coast have a lot more vigor. Look at that pig. Those are the best. Was it a cow? Is it a pig cow? Cowp and Jesse. There they are. Oh, and bullseye. Oh, wait. Is this the next verse? They like added a verse since the last time that I was here. And I think we're hearing it. We're in this last room. There it was. I think that was the new park. You know what? The weather is nice. And just like that, we're back outside with the topiaries and the train. Where's the train just sitting there? Oh, cuz there's a train station right here. 3:30 and the alarm is going off for 3:30 at Small World. >> We did it. It's like a 15-minute ride. It was nice to sit down. It's certainly been a long day. Let's head back into Toontown and see what the wait times look like back here. Couple of things back here. There's the Go Coaster. There's Mickey Minn's Runaway Railway and there's a Roger Rabbit. Is the Gold Coaster gone? I forget. Hold on. It's not called the Gold Coaster anymore. It's called Chip and Dale's Gadget Coaster. It's very small for me to ride it. So, if the line is long, I don't mind. Let's see what it is for Runaway Railway and Roger Rabbit, though. Roger Rabbit's tune Cartoon Spin is 50 minutes. What is it for Runaway Railway then? Well, it's only 20 minutes for Runaway Railway. Also, fun fact, the best internet in the park is here at Runaway Railway. All right, it's about 3:41. Also, on my last battery for the camera. I do have chargers here, so I'm going to try to get them charging. But I think we're going to probably head back to the hotel maybe around 6. Give us another 2 hours here. Oh, no. Went up to 35 minutes. Well, this is what we're here to see. It's the perfect picnic. Funny because the mouseeteer is a thing, but this is a play on words for the rocketeer. Oh no, the parent trap. Oh, there's the plane. on the plane from plane crazy. Also, this haunted mirror. I hope I get to see this haunted mirror. I don't think I'll be here long enough to see it. The whole dresser is haunted. There it is. A ghost. I've seen him. Oh, he's blowing up the propeller. Heck yeah. Mouse your size. Cool effect. Oh, it's in the book. Get a horse. Also, Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Handy Helper and the Mouse Cadoo. Man, I remember when they first like teased these and I was like so excited to see them cuz the kids were in the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse at the time. Ah, how times have changed. Potato lamb. Potato lamb. Fresh from Idaho. America's potato lamb. Oh my. That's probably not safe. Is this a hot dog flavored lollipop or just a lollipop that says hot dog? Oh yeah, a Mickey Mouse shaped hot dog. Still, the new Mickey Mouse shorts I think are probably some of my favorite. They're so good. And I can't wait to see this movie. I've heard such good things about it. Happy theaterings. Be aware that those doors are open. >> This is different from our enjoy. >> Oh, excuse me. You later. >> Me? >> Do you mind helping these good people into the fix this here lootive? Thanks. Begging a jiffy TO PICK YOU ALL UP. >> GOOFY. You were my inspiration before I cut my hair. Oh man, comes Goofy pulling up in the train. Here we go. I love the sun. He's my favorite. >> Can you all hear me? Way back in the back. >> There it is. >> There's two feet. Pay attention. Pay attention. >> I MUST HAVE HIT THAT SWITCH. >> I GOT to look at the time. It's 4:14 now and we're on this ride. >> Oh my gosh. I hope you're okay after being stuck in the trunk. Feel bad for Donald. He just wants a hot dog with some mustard on it. Oh no, there's a tornado. I like how they made that 3D. That was cool. Oh no, he's not wearing a shirt anymore. Whoa. Whoa. Oh my goodness. Oh dear. Oh no. They landed in that bush. There's Mickey in that bush. >> Oh god. No. >> We have to stop them before they go over them. >> Hold on. Don't pull that. Yeah, I think maybe pull that drain. Is that a good idea? Oh my gosh. This is like the most violent part right here. >> So nice to see you. Come on in. Don't be shy. That's right. 1 2 3. Excellent. You're all welting so beautifully together. Let's >> Oh my gosh. Oh no. Oh goodness. Oh gosh. Oh no. Oh no. Don't go into the factory. I love this transition of this scene right here. It's so good. Stop it. So good. This part is different from ours. It's like a different route. And there's Chubby right there. We have this key to Disneyland at home and right now it's on sale for $40 and the little the little stations are still out and about around Disneyland. I'll see if I can find one while we're here today. All right, we're going to make our way maybe over to Tomorrowland. We haven't even been in Tomorrowland this trip. Oh, Matterhorn was closed for a while today. Now it's back open. Wait time 55 minutes. Look at how beautiful this shot is with the Montreal going by. celebrate happy over top of the Nemo subs. Originally, I said I was going to leave around 6:00. It's 4:30 right now. And it's already like starting to get a little chilly in the shade here. So, I might leave a little bit earlier than 6:00. Maybe. We'll see. Uh maybe we'll do like maybe two more rides. We'll have a look and see what the weight times are like over here. All right. So, Nemo subs are about 20 minutes. See what Autotopia is. That's what I really want to ride. All right. It says 15 minutes for Autotopia. Everything's been pretty true. It's uh 4:37, so we'll see. A nice looking night out tonight. It's so beautiful at this at this moment in time right now. 4:54. About to get in my car as soon as it comes up to me. Well, this one's got a little bit more giddy up and go than ours back in Orlando. Ah, wa wa. Oh my goodness. Oh, I feel like I have to use my hands on this one. I don't have to use my hands in Orlando. The heck? Whoa. Whoa. Oh yeah, I forgot it was all sponsored by Honda and there's like a robotic bird. That's fun. We're doing it. Oh, Route 55 cuz it's Disneyland. I like it. Ah, I do like this one a little bit better cuz there's a little bit more variety in the terrain. Like we're going downhill right now. Oh my goodness. Look at us go. Holy cow. We Oh, picking up speed. Oh, sorry. I hit the brakes. We're going off road and this bird's always getting in so much trouble. Look at us. Whoa. Oh my goodness. Whoa. Oh, wow. This is great. Wow. I I see. This is what we need in in our Disney World one is a little bit off-roading. I think the line will be out the door then. Oh, yeah. Give me a blind corner. We love a blind corner. Ooh, old rocket rod uh tracks right there. This is like the most relaxing ride I've been on so far. Oh my goodness, this bird. This feels like I'm riding test track or something, but like a little bit more fun. I mean, not as fun as test track. What am I saying? This is just as fun as that. They're equally fun when this thing gets converted to electric. Boy, it's going to be awesome. Flying down the road. 100% torque matter horn in the background. And just like that, back at the front of Autotopia. But we're not going on Autotopia again. We're going to go down to the railroad down there. See if we can get on this train. I missed it. That's okay. We'll get the next one. Oh yeah, it was like 2 minutes and then another train showed up. >> Breathtaking beauty of nature's own design, the Grand Canyon. >> We did it. I went to the Grand Canyon. This is one of one of my New Year's resolutions. Land of the dinosaurs. You guys ready for what it really sounds like in here? Oh my goodness. Wild. Oh, babies. Oh no. It's like I'm really there. Made it back to Main Street Station. Main Street USA. All right. Bye. Thank you. We're heading out of Magic Kingdom. I have a reservation for Disneyland tomorrow. But I'm kind of thinking maybe I want to switch it over to DCA. I don't know. It seemed like nobody was at DCA today. Everybody was here. Maybe everybody will be here again today. Tomorrow and nobody will be over there. All right. Even though my hotel is that way, I am going to go just slightly into Downtown Disney. I got to find something to eat for dinner tonight. But I mean, I don't know. There's not really anything right there except for Is it Earl Sandwich still there? Let's look. Oh, yeah. I forgot they demolished Earl of Sandwich. There's nothing there now. So, basically, we're at World of Disney now. It's even more crowded here in Downtown Disney. Just head down the street. See if I find something on the road on the way back to the hotel. And now the long trek back to the hotel. All right, here is our room. There's not much to it, but this is it. It's beautiful. Got a couch, a bed, an air conditioner, a coffee maker, a TV, a little luggage rack, a a pretty darn large closet, and a bathroom. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's pretty nice. Good size shower. Little spot for you to put your foot so you can wash your leggies. A toilet. It's a We did it. It is a hotel. Nothing fancy, but it'll work good for me. All right, I think I'm going to call it a night. It's actually pretty early here. It's 8:00 at night here, but for me, 8 9 10 11. It's 11 o'clock at night, and I got up at 3:30 this morning, Orlando time. Just exhausted. So, I'm going to go to sleep. And tomorrow is the celebration of life for Adam. So, we're going to do that in the morning. I'm not going to film any of that. I will, however, pick back up with you guys afterwards. And maybe we'll go to DCA. I haven't quite figured that out yet. We'll see. We'll make the decision tomorrow as the day comes. So, all in all, it was a fantastic day. Super fun time at Disneyland. Uh, and with that being said, we are off. We'll see y'all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
