---
video_id: bIgSFjOhgm4
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Oliver Is 3 Now, We Went To The Orlando Cat Cafe & Saw Hell's Kitchen! | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-03-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIgSFjOhgm4
---
Good morning and happy Thursday. Today we've got some stuff going on today. We're going to be doing a few things right now. Let me show you what Tim's doing. So, we went to Magic We went to Magic Kingdom and they didn't give us all of our pictures. We rode Tron and we didn't get our Tron picture from Photo Pass. So, he's on the phone with them now trying to get it. And Oliver's building a tower in magnetiles. How's your tower? How tall is it? >> It's so tall. >> It looks so tall. Yeah, >> that looks so tall. It looks a little little. >> It looks a little little. I'm going to move your step stool. >> Mom, do you do that? Oh my god. >> Oh, I made uh some a little late breakfast cuz I've been editing. I'm trying to Hopefully you've seen it already, but we did a challenge. I'm editing the challenge video. It was a lot of footage. We were there all day, so it took me a few days to edit it. But I'm having some eggs. They're sort of in the shape of a Mickey. Look at that. There you go. All right. All right, I just finished my breakfast. They did find our photos. So, we got our our videos and photos from Tron, which is the only thing. The only one I really wanted was the one from Tron cuz you can't film on that ride. So, I just like having the video from it. But, uh, and now we have to hop on a call with our financial adviser just to talk about the current state of things, you know, fun fun adult stuff. And then I Tim's going to take me on a hair appointment today. So, I'm going to touch up my hair, my roots. So, my this is the part of this hair color that I don't like. Oh, I got to throw some stuff in the laundry. But my roots are lighter than the hair color that I've chosen. So, when my roots grow out, you can kind of see it in this light. >> When my roots grow out, they almost look like gray. And it almost looks like I'm balding because you see this like darkness back here. And um the light I don't know. I don't know if you can really see it. It's kind of hard to see, but yeah. So, I'm happy to be getting my hair touched up today. But first, we have to hop on a call and talk about the stock market. Be right back. >> All right. It was just a quick call to the financial adviser and he just basically said like the markets are down right now because somebody decided to start a war in the Middle East, but the good news is he's a good financial adviser. So we are up in the long run down a little bit right now. I'm coming. >> You found Pokemon Monopoly. >> Yeah. What was that one Pikachu and Coco and what's that one? A sprigatito. >> A sprigatito. >> Now we are in the car. It might be a little loud from the road noise, but we're headed to I have a hair appointment today like I was telling you earlier. So, this is sort of what it looks like before. There's my roots. You can see my roots there. Here they are. I think I'm going to try to go a teeny bit darker today so that my root color isn't so much darker than the bottom of my hair. Not super dark, but just a little darker. And I was just looking up some inspo pics and I was looking at Ariana Maddox's like new hair color which I think is so pretty and Amanda Bula from Summerhouse her hair color. So that kind of dark a little bit less red almost. So yeah, we're headed there now. What do you think? What should I do? I >> I don't know. I know who Ariana Maddox is, but I don't know. You've heard the last name but Tula cuz you've said it before. >> She's the one that I bought the glasses that I liked because of her. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, which I love those glasses so much, but they they're not really sunglasses. They don't really block the sun because they're like blue, like a light blue lens. So, >> makes everything brighter. >> Well, I find them they kind of do make everything brighter. >> That's what blue lenses do. >> Oh, >> yeah. >> It makes sense cuz she lives in New York and it's kind of like gray and overcast there, especially during the winter time. >> So, I don't have that problem here in Florida. It's like extra bright. We have like two suns here. >> And bright suns. bright suns. So, I need something that's a real sunglass, but I do love them so much. Anyway, she was one of my hair inspo people as well. >> What does Ariana Maddox's hair look like? She's from Broadway, right? >> She's from like everything now. She was from >> She's from that reality television show. >> She hosted Love Island. She was on Broadway. She kind of does it all. me. Hey. Hey. Okay, so we've been home for a minute. Uh Oliver's been playing with his magnetiles. We've been listening to the floor is lava, but we found out that the the kid boomers have a version of it where they say that the floor is peanut butter, the floor is boogers, and the floor is dog poop. So Oliver has been loving that. But also, we got our copy of Pocapia in the mail, too. So, I want to get this set up before Jackson gets off school so that he doesn't have to go through like the menus and things like that, so he can just like get right to playing. So, I'm going to put this on the on the Switch and get it going. And I also have to like leave here in just a minute to go get Jen from her hair appointment. Yeah, that's about all that's happened. There wasn't anything else happened. We We weren't home for very long. Oliver's gone up to his nap with Jen's sister. And so now I will be going off to get Jen. Hello. >> Do you like it? >> Yeah, it looks good. >> Oh, you missed my Uncle Leo brows. >> I know. That's a little pigmented, but you know they're going to fade. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> Looks good. I like it. >> Thanks. I went a little darker. >> Look like a cool lady. >> Thank you. >> All right, so Whoa, look at this. Look at that. >> Yeah, that's kind of silly. >> All right, we are headed to the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts because we're going to see Hell's Kitchen tonight. So, this is a show where it features Alicia Keys music. She wrote the music for the show and we were reading cuz I don't really know much about it. I only know that it was featured in the Was it the Thanksgiving Day Parade? >> They featured like a little snippet. You know how they do the Broadway shows? They featured like a little snippet in the Uh oh. Is there nowhere to park? >> There's lots of places to park. >> Why did this guy park here? >> Don't know. >> Trying to find parking. But we're going to go see the show. It's It did say that it it talks about like parenting like parent uh >> parental relationships. >> Parental relationships. So, I kind of feel like I might cry. >> I feel like anything with kids or like parents or just like that kind of, you know, I just feel like those always make me kind of emotional. So, I don't know. We'll see. I'll let you know if I cry tonight. But my hair. Here's my hair. I didn't show you when I got done. Um like the full I guess I did kind of show you, but here it is. What do you think? >> We're kind of close to that car. Can you get out there? >> I can get out. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I went a little darker because my ends really faded. They really faded a lot. So, I went a little darker to try to see if the ends would like the darker color would stick to the ends. So, we'll see. But, I'm liking the color. >> I like it, too. This lighting is so bad. >> Does it make it look like I have white hair? >> It just like it gives us like the like, you know, >> you like this. >> Look how Look how young we look now. >> I look so young. >> We're going to go ahead and We're very early though. So, I don't know. >> We're not really. So, like they start they like the show starts at 7:30. >> Yeah. >> But it seems like around 7. They start like You guys should get to your seats now. Come on, let's go. So, >> that's true. This will give us We're like 15 minutes ahead of 7. It's 6:45. This will give us time to like get in there and get some snackies, find our seats. >> So, we did go to Uh oh, the light turned off. We did go to Canes for a little pre-nack snack. I just got a kids meal with two tenders and it was not good. >> No, Canes. I'm sorry everybody that is from Ohio. Like, >> is that where it's from? >> I don't think so. I just know people in the Midwest really like Canes and we were excited to get a Canes, but it's just not I just don't like it. It's this they're not seasoned. The fries aren't that good. >> Why >> can sauce is very good. >> Why does the breading come off the chicken so easily? >> I know. Cuz other fried chicken places, they don't It doesn't >> Do they not dredge it correctly? >> I don't know. But I'm looking at my eyebrows, right? So, my eyebrows are a little intense right now because I got them dyed with my hair and it sort of dyes my skin. So, it looks very intense for like 2 days. Should we dye your eyebrows? >> I think my eyebrows and your eyebrows combined make like normal eyebrows. >> Okay. So, is that a yes, though? We should dye your eyebrows. >> I'm not going to dye my eyebrows. >> I think he said yes. >> I'm going to get I'm going to get permanent permanent makeup. >> No, just let me That's even That's That's like worse. That's more permanent. >> Instead of permanent makeup, I'm actually just going to get them tattooed. >> That's what permanent makeup is. >> Yeah, but it's light. Like permanent makeup doesn't go as deep as a tattoo. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. >> But I'm going to make mine so they just connect to a tribal tattoo. >> Oh, man. So, I got my face painted re recently at Disney and a tribal tattoo around the eye was one of the options. And I I probably should have done that. >> One of the people had it. They like had a a >> Yeah. >> Like not a real one. >> No, no, it was one of the employees that was like trying to show it off. It looked kind of cool. Okay, let's go head over to the Dr. Phillips Center. >> I'd like to have a compilation video of like us just like turning this corner before every show that we go to. Surprise, we're not going to see Hell's Kitchen. We're going on a space tour. Oh, showing off a VinFest. This is a little Chinese car. Here's my secret. So, down here is Styman's Hall. That's not where we're seeing the show, but there is still concession down here. And everybody goes to the one by the Walt Disney Theater when it's such a long line. This line is always shorter, >> right? >> Yes. >> Look at this. The Hell's Kitchen merch is like a poooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo shirt. >> Oh, yeah. With the piano on it or whatever, the keyboard. We got a pretty okay seats this time. >> Yeah, this is good. I'm also like stage. >> I'm on the aisle, too, which is nice. I was going to show you this, but it's upside down. I'm like, let me show you this. >> Ken Mudgy. There's a Q&amp;A >> after the show. Yeah. >> Do we need to sign up for it or something? >> Submit your questions. >> What are we going to ask him? >> So many things. >> Be like, "Do you know Daredevil?" >> No, cuz he lives in house kitchen. >> Uh, so what did you eat for dinner? One chicken tender and a giant chocolate chip cookie. Tim dinner >> and a mezz plate. >> Whoa. >> Oh, sorry. I'm covering it. It's got uh hummus, carrots, >> two whole carrots, >> artichoke, um peppers, >> some cheese in there, too. >> Some pita bread, and some peanuts. >> Oh, I got chocolate covered uh pretzels, too. >> Whenever I go to the theater, I never forget my whole carrot. >> An entire carrot with a little bit of green left on the top. Just so you know. >> Nope, this one doesn't. >> Oh, just so you know that that's like they pulled it out of the ground. This is kind of like a weird theater snack, right? >> It really is >> like a whole carrot. It's a weird angle cuz there's people all around us. >> This show is really powerful. >> I cried so much at the last >> It was ridiculous. >> It was, you know, it was the >> Yeah, I'm going to cry. >> It's also like >> I don't know. There's a lot of like focus on the piano with a Jackson learning the piano right now. >> It's intense. >> Yeah. Good gracious. That show I haven't been that emotional in a show ever. >> No. And we saw Hades count and people were sobbing in that show, >> right? >> But this made me like cry cry. >> This was this was intense. But like the best thing I've ever seen. >> Yeah, that was really good. I really didn't think that I was gonna this to me cuz I'm not from New York. Like I was like, you know, I didn't really think it would really resonate with me, >> but it really did. >> And it was just like it get you, you know? >> Yeah. It was very very powerful, very emotional. I feel like I'm going to cry right now. >> It was really good. If you have a chance to see it, you should definitely definitely see it. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. There it is. >> And they were doing the um the Broadway Cares. So, actually when I went to go see Wicked, they were doing Broadway Cares at the end of the Wicked show as well where they will like um not auction off, but they'll have things for sale that you can buy that have all of their signatures. And I kind of wish we had done that cuz it really was like and and we couldn't get any of their signatures today cuz I get all the signatures after the um after the shows at the stage door, but they were doing like a Q&amp;A after the show. So, this one? >> Yeah. Wait. >> Oh, we can go now. >> So, we couldn't wait for their um for their signatures at the stage door cuz they were doing the Q&amp;A. >> But if Hell's Kitchen comes to your town or if you are in Orlando while it's playing, go see it. Go get tickets. >> Yeah, it was so good. >> It's ridiculously good. >> Don't mind me. I'm just standing on my ladder that I got for Christmas, I think. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, Christmas. So, we just got back from the show and now it's time to set up for Oliver's birthday in the morning. We're going to have a three-year-old tomorrow. >> Wow. >> I know. It's wild, right? >> You know what? It's very wild. >> There's like times where I think back and I'm like, there's no way that we've been parents for as long as we have been. >> Yeah. Like, >> that's >> Yeah, >> it's been like 3/4 of our lives. >> No, it hasn't. >> It hasn't. I was just kidding. Oh, okay. >> This is just a joke. >> I was like, I don't think that math checks out, but okay. >> I'm good at math. >> So, he is setting up the uh the birthday like decorations. I'm wrapping the presents. I don't want to show you. I'll show you tomorrow when he wakes up and actually opens them. But here's a preview of a couple that I wrapped. So, I got to wrap some more and then we're going to set it up for him. And we got some cupcakes. But yeah, tomorrow and this will be this will go into tomorrow. So, this you will see what Oliver is doing for his birthday, but we're doing something fun for his birthday because he loves animals. So, we're doing something kind of with animals. >> We got him an alligator. >> He'd probably really like that actually. He loves snakes and stuff. >> Just want you guys to know how in sync Jen and I are. >> What? As soon as she hit stop on the camera from that last clip, we both started singing the exact same Pokemon song at the exact same part at the exact same time, unprompted. >> I just always have it in my head. I don't know why. >> That's how it goes. Here it is. This is Oliver's little setup right here. >> Let me try it >> for his birthday. Jackson's going to see if he can remember how to play Happy Birthday. >> Wait, no. I don't know how to play one of the >> Let's just hear what you got. You got it, buddy. I believe in you, >> guys. It's my birthday. >> It is your birthday. >> And I can open my um birthday again. >> You're doing good, Jackson. >> We can short. >> You think it's shorts? >> He did say he wanted >> shorts. >> Oh. Shark. Yes. >> Do you like it? >> It has. >> Who's on it? >> Squirtle, Pikachu. >> Wow. Nice work, buddy. >> What is it? >> I think it's a mega something. >> A mega something. >> Yeah, it's a mega book. It's a mega book. It's a giant more like a mega book. >> Wa. It has all it has all the megas in it. >> The all the mega evolution. >> Is it stickers? >> It's a sticker book, bud. >> Mega >> is you put the sticker on the >> the Pokemon >> camera. Camera put >> camera up. >> Camera up and the mega camera up and the >> Alaria >> and the mega Alaria. So you have to put the stickers where they go. Oh, what? Mega stickers. >> Cool, right? >> It's a mega sticker book. >> A Pokemon marker. >> What? >> Wa! >> A Pokemon marker. Oliver, it's a pen. >> Look how cool it is. It has how many colors? >> It's got all different colors in there, Oliver. It >> has so many. It has so many. >> Wow. Do you love that? >> Yeah. >> Oh, cool. Do you want to look at your card? >> It's a rainbow. It does look like a rainbow. You want to read your card? >> Open this last one. >> Do you want to do the card first, Oliver, before the last one? >> Open your card last. Okay. Silly dogs. >> Oh yeah, silly dogs. >> Those are the birthday dogs. >> Birthday. >> Those are the longest dogs. >> Another mega. >> Oh my goodness. >> A Gengar. >> You found a Gengar already. >> And a Gigantamax one. >> And a Gigantamax Gengar. >> Yeah. >> Oh my goodness. And there's a Pokemon. >> There is. What does it say? >> It says Pokemon congratul. It says congratulations. >> It says >> congratulations Oliver. >> There's so many Pokemon. >> Who's on there? >> Magp. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh, you know what I asked him? I said, "Did you have any dreams last night?" And he said, "Yeah, I dreamed about Magikarp." >> Oh. >> So, now he's here for your birthday. Who do you see? Who's this? >> I don't know. >> Piplo. Who's this? >> Magic carp. Squirtle. Meow. >> Daddy, right? >> Bulbasaur. Jly Puff. What? >> Who's that? >> To try sign. >> Oh my goodness gracious. >> You know them all. It says happy birthday to you. >> Happy birthday to you. >> We changed keys at the end. >> Don't tell anybody, >> buddy. That was amazing. Good job. >> Only that last part was a little too hot. >> No, that's okay. It was so good. >> You have to find all of these Pokémon. >> You do. >> Happy birthday. We love you so, Jackson. so much and we hope >> you have so much fun. >> We hope you catch the >> wall. Is my handwriting hard to reach? Sorry, buddy. >> Every morning I make breakfast, I make myself oldfashioned oats. I make Jackson one single pancake and Oliver eats >> What? >> What? A Magikarp. >> You eat Magikarp every morning for breakfast? >> No. >> What do you eat for breakfast? >> What's that? >> A waffle. >> What kind of waffle? >> Um, a thick and fluffy. >> A thick and fluffy waffle every morning. >> Where do you think we're going for your birthday? >> I don't know. >> You don't know? We're almost there. >> We're going We're going down this alley. >> We're going to this power power station. >> The power plant. No, just kidding. >> Water treatment plant. >> It's down here. Jackson actually was really really interested in water treatment plants when he was little cuz he always wanted to know where the water from the toilet came from. And we were like, "Well, it comes from the water treatment plant." He's like, "Can we go there?" And I don't know. Can you go there? >> I'm sure there is a time where you can go to the water treatment plant. >> Well, we didn't actually go, but that would have been like a fun little, you know, family day out. But >> are we are we here? >> We're close. Yeah, we're almost here. We're in Claremont. What do you see over there? >> I think I don't see any kitty cats. >> You do? You see kitty cats? >> Yeah, right there. Are we going in there? >> Let's I think we are. All right. We're here at the Orlando Cat Cafe. >> Let's go. >> Let's go. >> Let's go. Cat right there, too. >> I see a door. Not this door, buddy. It's this door. >> All right, buddy. Let's see if you can find a little kitty cat. >> You want to say hi to this one right here, buddy? >> Oh, look. There's a little black and white one. That cat's in the TV. What do you see? >> Say hello there. >> There's one right here, too. >> Oh my goodness. Little kittens. >> Look at this little tiny kitty, buddy. A little kitten. You want to pet it? Right through here. Reach on. There you go. Oh my goodness. What's that little kitten doing? Oh my goodness. Look at this. They're like sleeping in these things on the wall. That's adorable. Oh no. The cat's like, "No, >> show you the one that I want. I want this one." >> This is the one that if we could adopt a cat today, I would adopt this one. It's so pretty. >> Doesn't stay this way. It gets that big like that and then it bites your face. >> No, I like they don't. >> Well, that one came out from underneath the chair. I like the like the the coloring and like the markings. >> What do you think, Oliver? A >> just pet. >> You just give her a nice pet. Like a two finger pet like this. Mommy. >> The little tiny cats are so like they're so feels like I'm petting like a like a marmicet or something. But they're so so like his body's like this big. The Oliver found the one spicy spicy cat. this one cuz it has a >> she's just um she doesn't like other cats. >> Oh, she's kind of I mean she lets us pet her and everything but not >> she sees the huge ones on the window. She's like I don't know about those ones. So here's all Oh man. Jeanluke here's all the cats that are up for adoption and if they have a yellow sticker they're going home. His >> name's Tree. Oh, and >> he was born 12 1225. >> Oh my gosh. He's just a little babe. There was also this >> There was one named Timothy. There I got to find Timothy. >> I don't know. >> He was born almost on your birthday. Almost on Jackson's birthday. >> This one? >> No, it's a baby. He was born in November. >> Got to find them all. Paul Newman going home. I do feel like I like a grumpy old cat named Morris. But I also like that they have some that are like this is Jason Mumoa because it's like a cow cow looking cat. There's another one. I looked these up before we came because you can see all these ones that are up for adoption. And the Mona Lisa. I like how helium. Why do you think they call it helium? Also, if you look on their little their little collars right here, I don't know if you can see it, but this one has right here Rudolfph. You can see their names there. Hello. Well, there's also like a spot where they can go back if they don't want to be out here anymore. They can say, "I'm done." But I got to be careful because Jen wants treats to come home with us. So, I don't think that's a really good idea. But, this is a very soft cat. It's the king of the castle. I think we figured out that this is Timothy, the one that's sleeping in the uh hexagon. Octagon. What is it? 1 2 3 4 6. Is that a hexagon? I don't I've been a long time since I've been in geometry. All I know is that the square's wife is the parallelogram or the rhombus. >> Who said that? >> That was the teacher. >> What teacher? >> The one who whose wife is allergic to peanuts. So, all these cats are up for adoption through the SPCA of Florida. Paisley seems to have an attachment towards me, talking to me and saying hello. And then when I stop, she's like, "Hey buddy, maybe not anymore." That's the way of cats, right? >> Yeah. I don't trust cats, though. I don't know. I trusted We had an outdoor cat that was amazing that lived at our old house. Was the neighbor's cat, but it like spent most of it time on our front porch. Cats was named Abby. And I love that cat, but I don't know that I trust cats. >> This one's named Paisley. >> Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. There you go. Now it'll get it. Oliver's fishing for cats. >> Uh-oh. >> Also, I feel like we should go home with a cat so I can get rid of the brown cat. Cat does this sort of stuff to a couch. And they've had 3460 adoptions since 2016. Orlando Cat Cafe. You had me at meow. This one realized that Jen liked the other kitten better and now it's it's stalking Jen, saying, "Pet me, too. I >> think this might be helium. Why do they call you helium? Oh no. >> You're a cat lady. >> I love this one. >> No. >> Tell me. Tell me that you don't like this cat. >> I like that cat, but >> we have to uh find somebody to watch the cat when we're out of town. My sister said that we can have joint customer. >> Oh my goodness gracious. >> Go anywhere. She said she said she would watch. >> She also said she was going out of town when we go out of town. >> So who's going to watch the cat when she goes out of town? >> Oh no. Thank you. >> I like this one looks like the supervisor. You two. I know you guys are both supervisors, but mostly this one, right? Are you grumpy? This cat looks grumpy. You know how you can just look at a cat and be like, "That cat means business." You know what cat means business? This one, Timothy. With all these cats that are asleep, it's funny because they said that morning is the best time to come cuz the cats are most active in the morning, but they all keep trying to fall asleep on us. >> Say bye to my favorite. >> Oh, >> well, hopefully he's here next time we come in. >> Uh, hopefully he's not. >> I think somebody will >> cuz you want somebody to adopt the cats. So, we just finished with our time in the kitty cat area and now we're checking out the cafe part and they have snacks and drinks and coffee and I think Oliver said he wants a chocolate croissant so we might get one of those for him. Buddy, how's your croissant? And what did you think about the kitties? Was it fun? >> It was so much fun. >> Yeah. I also I got some stickers. So, one of the old baristas, I guess, designed these stickers. I got a little devil kitty, a strawberry kitty, and this one's my favorite, the little crown kitty. >> Little sad clown. >> I love that. >> The cat cafe is attached to a place called Minch Coffee where you can get all kinds of different coffees and pastries and beer. >> Oh, you get a yingling through. You enter in through MC coffee and then you check in at the coffee shop and then you can go into the cat cafe. So, if you guys have been with us for a little bit now, you know that the last time we used the crock pot, it was just drier than I expected it to be. Today, I think that might be different. We made a pot roast in our crock pot. Plenty of space in there. Plenty of liquid. It's been going for 8 hours on low. Oo, buddy. I'm excited. It's 4:40 now. We got to take it out at 5. We'll see. I'm not going to lift the lid cuz I know that that removes some of the heat. But right at 5. Oh, boy. I'm opening it up. Jackson's decided that this is going to be the accompaniment to our dinner. the Yamaha demo sound with a jet plane in it for some reason. How's it looking? >> So, I just cut it up and put it on their plates. I don't know how many of these potatoes they're going to eat, but I made broccoli, strawberries, oranges. I chopped up some of the roast beef, but like look, >> or the pot roast, not the roast beef, but like there's such all the veggies are in here. I'm also roasting veggies that ours um that I'm going to put under ours. >> This looks so good. Yeah, I'm very excited for it. >> Here, try it. >> Very tasty. >> Very good. Good. This is really good. This is a teeny bit dry cuz that was like the top piece. >> Oh, okay. Oh, man. Look at this. Look at this steam pouring off of there. So, Jen roasted some vegetables to go along with the pot roast cuz she wasn't sure if they're going to be mushy or not. >> But I'm happy that we're going to have both. >> I'm excited for these like a little bit of burnt carrots right there. M. That's good stuff. >> What did you think about your pot roast? Good. >> You like it? >> Yeah. >> Take off your hat. >> I'm not Ash anymore. >> You're not Ash anymore? >> No, just Oliver. >> Oh, just Oliver. You have to think about what you're going to wish for when you blow out your candle. >> What is it? >> A Quaxling. >> A Quackley. >> Quackling. >> What's catch a Quaxling? >> What's something that's not in Pokémon that you wish for? >> Uh, I wish for myself. >> You just wish for yourself. >> Yeah. What does that mean? >> That means I can eat it. >> What are you going to eat? >> You just wish that you could eat your cupcake. >> Oh, you just want to wish to eat the cupcake. >> Fire. >> Okay, buddy. Happy birthday, dear Oliver. Happy birthday to you. >> Blow it out. Blow it. Blow it out. Blow. Blow. Blow. >> Big blow. >> Good job. >> Good job. Oh, good job, Jackson, for playing the happy birthday song. Happy birthday, buddy. >> What do you do? You like the frosting? >> Mhm. >> I think that's all you're getting right now is frosting. >> I know. >> I know. There's so much. These had a lot of >> It's my birthday. >> Oh, yeah. It's your third birthday. >> Happy third birthday to me. Who do you think was more excited for the cupcake? >> Me. >> You? >> Were you excited or was Jackson more excited? >> I'm excited. And Jackson. >> You guys were both excited. Remember how Jen told the story about how she goblin style eats parmesan cheese? This is a a representation of it right here with our two kids. >> All right, so it is the next day. Uh Tim actually left this morning for California. He's going to be there for Adam's celebration of life and I think he's going to do a couple of Disneyland trips while he's there. Um, I'm not sure if people are going to get together at Disneyland, you know, just kind of like as a, you know, like a day to kind of do the things that Adam did type of thing. U, I'm not sure, but I I know you will see some Disneyland content coming up here really soon. We were all going to go as a family and then it just didn't work out with school schedules and stuff because everybody would be getting back on Monday. And so I stayed home with the boys and Tim's going to go and speak and go to the celebration of life and I'm hoping to watch the live stream. I think there's going to be a live stream so I'm hoping to watch that. But yeah, so that's uh everything that's happening today. But we had so much fun this past week. The show was fantastic. We really did enjoy Hell's Kitchen a lot. The cast was just so talented. The singing was fantastic. It was so emotional. It I really didn't know what to expect going into it. And I enjoyed it so so much. I really really enjoyed it. I got my hair done. I have washed it since you guys saw it last. So, it's a little bit I think less intense looking. My eyebrows are for sure less intense looking. They looked pretty wild yesterday. So, it was Oliver's birthday, so that was so much fun. Oliver had so much fun at the cat cafe. He um is still talking about the kittens and like the kitties and stuff. So, I wish that we could have left with Treat. He was my favorite little guy in the whole place. But it just wouldn't make sense right now for us to get a pet at the moment. However, we will be going back and I hope to see him. I don't hope to see him. I hope somebody adopts him. I really do hope that he gets adopted. But I wouldn't be mad if I if I got to see him again. You know what I mean? But but yeah, so that was so much fun. And there's another cat cafe that just recently opened that's a mun like the bigger cats. So uh I would love to check that one out. And then there's another one that my friend was telling me about in downtown Orlando, so I'd love to check that one out as well. So maybe we'll have some more cat cafe content here coming up soon. But that was a lot of fun. It was a great way to see the animals without having to like have our own pet at the moment. I just don't know if we're ready for it. But one day, maybe when the kids are a little bit older and we're maybe not traveling as much, I think it would be great to get um a dog, a cat. I really want rats. That's like my my thing. I would love to get two rats, but I don't know. We'll see. Stay tuned for future uh news. You never know. But um Oliver had a great birthday. He loved all of his Pokémon gifts. He still has a couple of gifts that are coming. We got him a mystery box of uh plushies and we got him some plushies from the new Pocopia. It's some of the some of the Pokemon as Ditto because in Pocopia I guess you're a Ditto. I don't know that you guys out there probably know more about it than I do, but uh we got him some of those plushies and then we got him a mystery box of some plushies as well. So, those were going to take some time to get here. So, those will be here at some point. We'll show you guys those. Um, but he loved he he wants to wear his little shirt every day and he loves the sticker books, although he doesn't quite understand how to like do the sticker book. He like he loves the stickers. He's a big fan of stickers. So, that was a big hit. and he loves the little pen with all the colors. He's been like doodling. So, yeah, he um he loves that. And then we're actually going to be celebrating. So, over spring break, we are going to be celebrating. Um I'm really excited because we're going to be doing some stuff with the cousins and I know they're both very excited to see them. So, that's going to be kind of his actual celebration is going to be then. And I think we're going to do like a belated celebration for Jackson and for Tim as well. So, um, we're kind of just kind of celebrate while we're on spring break. So, that's going to be his main like birthday party. Um, which is why we just did a little family one at home. But, he he loved it. We loved it. We had a really good time. So, that was it. That was our week. And, um, I hope you guys had a great week and thank you so much for joining us in our week. And if you haven't seen our challenge video, I know I mentioned it in earlier in this video. I'm going to link that down below. But we had so much fun and I hope you guys enjoyed that video and I'm going to link it if you haven't seen it and I think we're going to try to do more of those type of videos cuz it was just a lot of fun. It was a lot of fun to do, a lot of fun to edit. So, so stay tuned for that. And thank you so much for being here. And uh with that being said, I'm off. I'll see you tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price. Hey. Hey. Hey.
