---
video_id: 5bMxc_WPTVs
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Trying NEW Disney Foods At EPCOT's Flower & Garden Festival 2026! Opening Day!"
published: 2026-03-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bMxc_WPTVs
---
Good morning from Epcot for the very first day of Flower and Garden Festival. Very excited. There's a lot of new booths. This event runs from March 4th today through June 1st. So, it's a pretty long festival. So, I don't think this will be our like only time coming. >> No, we don't have a lot of time today. Um, so we're going to try to do as much as we can, but we will be back. And I can't wait to celebrate spring each time we come. >> Yeah. And see all the topiaries and see the flowers in the gardens. >> Yeah. So, speaking of topiaries, as soon as you walk in, you're going to see these really fun themed topiaries themed to Toy Story. And these are celebrating 40 years of Pixar. They look really good. I think Woody has a topiary. It looks great. >> I like it when they look like this. When they're less mossy and more rugged looking, like when they're less polished looking, you know what I mean? Less smooth. >> Oh, yeah. >> Like, what is this? Are are the heads made out of something? >> I think they're made out of That's my I had an issue with was this when they switched to these a few years back. I feel like these aren't plants. >> The head and the legs. >> The head and the legs. Yeah. >> Like that. They should be all plant, right? >> That's what I think. >> But when they're all plant, I don't think they can get as much detail in the face as they have with Woody. >> Is Woody's face not a plant? >> No, it doesn't look like it. But his hat is like Lo's face here. I think that that is how they should all look. Let's head to I think we're going to head right into get right into eating. >> Yeah. So, there are a lot of new booths like Tim said. We're going to I think we're going to head to the nectar booth first. We'll see what we find along the way, though. Let's go. >> Ooh. Okay. Spaceship Earth not currently open, so I can't tell you guys what the crowd level is like. >> I'm going to go ahead and say that it's busy. >> Yeah. First day of the festival. >> It's busy. >> Always busy. >> I don't think I need Spaceship Earth to tell me how busy it is going to be today. >> I'd like to talk to Spaceship Earth one day though. >> Be like, "Hello." Who would it? It would sound like Judy Dench. Yeah. Hello. >> Hello. It's going to be very busy today. That's the perfect Judy Dench. >> Get ready. >> And as always, when we first arrive, the first thing that we do is we pick up the passport and it gives us all the information and all of the menus for the festival. Oh, there's an allergy friendly menu with a QR code so you can see what all is available to you for your allergy. The passport also goes over all of the things about the festival that you need to know. topiaries and gardens, food and beverage, garden rock series, festival merchandise, the garden graze. Those are the things, the big things that you can do at the festival. So, the first booth we're coming to is the Florida Fresh booth, which is right here in Communicore right next to the Encanto show. And the one new thing here is the blackened fish slider for $6.79 with fried green tomato and Cajun ramlot on a bio bun. Oo, Jen's going to give that a try. Here's something that's interesting about this. Tuesday through Thursday, 9:30 to 8:30. Friday through Monday, 9:30 to 9:00, but all the other booths open at 11:30, which is new this year. Usually, they open at 11:00. Not new this year, but returning. They have a Florida strawberry strawberry shortcake. And I remember this being very delicious the last time that I tried it. So, while Jen is picking up that fish slider, I'm going to start heading towards the next booth. But while we're headed that way, we're passing by Communicor Hall. And in here is uh Sunlight to Starbrite in Spike's Garden, but also there is the Epcot Farmers Feast booth. And this booth actually has a menu that changes throughout the season. So right now there isn't anything new this year here. So we're going to skip it for today. But they do have a purple a purple dessert. >> Okay. I just got my fish slider. Tim had to go over to the nectar booth cuz we don't have a lot of time. So he went over to the nectar booth to get the next few items. But here's my slider. I did hear somebody in line say that it was so good that he's going to come back tomorrow and get it. So, I'm excited. I'm excited for this slider. >> One of the other features of the Flower and Garden Festival is the gardens. So, this is the prehistoric plants garden showing off plants that may have been or were around during the dinosaurs. They might be a little bit different like they were larger ferns back then, but they were still there were ferns during the dinosaurs. All right, now we're back to the the fish sandwich. >> I already took one bite for Instagram and I got the sauce in my nose. The blacken sauce. >> Oh my gosh. >> Is it like is it burning your nose? >> It's a weird scent. It's so good though. The bite the bite that I took this uh it's got a butter lettuce on top. It's got a fried green tomato and the blackened fish. I don't know what kind of fish it was. Did it say? >> Yeah. >> Oh, it did. Okay. >> Oh, no. It just says black blackened fish slider. >> Wow. I love this. That man was right. I I mean, wow. I I wish this I wish I had a big one of this. >> Oh, it's so good. >> Maybe if enough people like it, maybe they'll put it on a restaurant somewhere like over at uh what's the fish place over there. >> So now this, what fish place? >> Right there. The seas. >> M >> what's it called though? Coral Reef. >> Yeah. So now this I would say if you don't like fish, I wouldn't get this cuz it is a little more of a fishier flavor. Not in a bad way though. That sounds bad. It's not bad. It's just if you don't like fish, you're not going to like this. >> Okay. >> It is a fish sandwich. >> Okay. >> But the even the little bun, it's just so like it's soaking up the the sauce. It's very good. I love this fried green tomato. >> So, how's the Cajun ramlot? Is it is it spicy? >> Sauce it went in my nose. >> Oh, okay. But is the Cajun sauce spicy? >> I wouldn't say it's spicy. It has a little bite. >> Okay. >> But it's not over the top. >> Okay. >> It's, you know, exciting. >> Ooh. Yeah. All right. Dynamic. >> Never been done before. >> I mean, it's been done before, but it's >> showstopping. >> They're doing it well. They're doing a good job. I like it. >> So, the booth that we're actually headed to is sort of near the land over here. It's closer to the butterfly garden because the booth is called Nectar. And that is like a like a way of tying it in with the butterflies. And so, because this is a brand new booth, everything on the menu is brand new. So, we went with the tuna poke bowl and the coconut panakata. Oh, I'm excited for it. Let's see. The tuna poke bowl with edamame avocado, mango, pickled red onions, seaweed salad, fkaki, and umami sauce on a bed of sticky rice for $8.79. Also, the coconut panakata with cherry jili and matcha crumb topped with a citrus cookie, plant-based meringue, and flour confetti for $5.79. All right. By the community garden. >> Oh, the community garden. >> I love this. >> This is a community garden. Can exist in any place. >> People come together to cultivate land. Strawberries. >> Wow. >> Oh my goodness gracious. >> Oh my gosh. There's so many. >> We could I'm not going to, but somebody could eat that. >> Don't I think it's for like They're going to pick it for the strawberry shortcake at the Florida Fresh Food. >> Oh yeah. >> This is Driscoll. >> Yeah, it's very small. >> All these like butterflies are flying around. It's so perfect. >> These are escaped butterflies from the butterfly. >> I think so. So, we did get the pokey from the uh nectar booth. This is a new booth. Everything on the menu is new. >> Yeah, give it a >> What do you think? Okay, this is what I was very excited about. >> We just ran into some friends and we were telling them I everything that I have right now is fish because I don't really get to eat fish at home. I know I tell you guys this all the time, but so when I come to these festivals, if there's fish, I'm going to get it. The bee. >> It's a beetle. This is very good. The tuna is not super chilled, which is a little concerning, but >> Well, we've also been walking with it for a minute. >> Yeah, it is pretty warm, but this is so good. I'm still going to eat it. >> Yeah, >> this is very good. Wow. What is that? It's a pepper. Okay. Um, I think this is a great start to the day. For it being raw fish, it's pretty mild. I think even if you're not a fish fan, you could try this. >> So, they have a vegetarian version of it >> with uh like seaweed salad. That's why I didn't get that cuz I'm not a fan of seaweed salad. >> I am. It's so good. >> Okay. >> Oh my gosh. But yeah, I think if if you're if you're not a fish fan, but you're adventurous, I would try this. Although, it's a very big portion. >> Yeah, pretty good. It was more expensive than some of the other things on the menu, though. >> Oh, no. >> All right. Jen says, "If you don't like seafood, but you're adventurous, you're still going to like this. It's such a mild flavor. It doesn't mild flavor. It doesn't taste fishy. >> I'm a person that really doesn't like fish. >> And don't Now, don't be don't be like >> Don't be discouraged by my >> Also, don't be silly. Like, >> I won't. Don't worry. Don't worry. Let's see. >> All it tastes is rice. >> Yeah. See, it's not like a fishy fish. >> Yeah. I didn't taste any of the fish. It almost didn't like have any like consistency in my mouth either. No, it's very The fish is is um the texture is almost mushy, but not in a bad way. That sounds >> mushy. Not in a way. >> Is it tender? I guess. Yeah. I I think it's great. I think you should try it. >> Yeah. So, now you're trying the What is it? The panakata. >> The panakotta. >> Okay. >> Let's see here. I'm going to try to get like a little bit of everything into one bite. >> It's very lemony. It's good though. I do like a lemon panata. >> It's beautiful. It's very pretty. I that's the one thing that I really love about this festival is everything is so like arts like the festival of the arts. Everything is presented very nicely. >> Yeah. And this would be perfect on a hot hot day. >> Oh yeah. >> And it's only going to get hotter from here. So >> only going to get hotter from here. Baby, >> I think you should probably stop by and have this. This is really good. It's interesting because the cookie is citrus, but the actual like panakotta down here is coconut and then there's a cherry jelly on top. So, the cherry is like a sour cherry. >> It's super like tropical tasting. I love it. I thought it was great. >> I want to try this little cookie here. >> It's probably the weakest part of it, but it looks nice. Oh, I like the design here of this sign. This is right outside of the uh the butterfly landing. And it's just giving you Oh, it's talking about how you would spread your wings and try new outdoor experiences like hiking, gardening, or something more daring like skydiving. >> Oh, no. This is actually great um info. So, I mean, obviously I think it's common sense info, but it says being outside on a regular basis has been shown to have a wide range of benefits from improving your memory to decreasing stress. So, I think we should all be getting outside, which I know is hard for some of the people in northern states, but >> it's so important. It's so important. And then also saying that outside exercise is great for like your mental health, >> which I also agree with. So, >> come outside and do a walk through a garden full of butterflies. >> I know. I want to come back and go through there. >> Yeah. We're really on like a like we're like trying to fast. We're being fastpaced today. >> So for the more I think about the py cuz we're walking over to the next booth with the py. Um I think it needed more sauce. >> Okay. >> More of that like um spicy mayo. It had the like mayo and Sriracha mixture. I think it needed more. >> Okay. You know what they called that? >> What? >> Umami sauce. >> And it is mouthwatering. >> One of the biggest features of the Flower and Garden Festival is the flower quilt work around the little lake here. Look at how bright it is right now. Oh, they came back from that freeze with a vengeance, didn't they? The next booth that we come to is Beach Grub. I love a play on words. This is a play on the name Beach Club. One of the hotels here or resorts here. >> At first, I was like, is it is it a play? It is. You're right. >> And so, there's a couple new things on the menu this year. And new this year, the orange cream bar and the strawberry basil lemonade. I think that's what we're going to give a try today is the strawberry basil lemonade. >> I do like that they have more like mocktail options it seems like this year. And they're good. They They seem refreshing. I'm excited to try it. >> So, this is $4.79 and it's got Minuteade premium lemonade with strawberry hibiscus syrup garnished with basil. Let's give it a try. All right. So, we're actually in between two booths right now. The beach grub and the yacht grub. More plays on words. And we're in an area called Playalong Bay because there is a playground here. And the pool is called Stormalong Bay. They got like every play on words there is available. So this is the basil lemonade. Let's give it a try. Oh yeah, it's good. But it's more basil than lemon. And that's kind of throwing me because it almost tastes like I'm just drinking some soup. >> Oh no. >> So not as refreshing as I thought it would be. Yeah. >> Would you get it again? >> No. No, not for me. All right, our next booth is the Yacht Grub booth. Yacht Grub. The thing that we're going to get today is the captain's board. That's new this year. A selection of cheeses and cured meats with seasonal accompiments for $7.29. >> All right, so this is my girl lunch. I'm going to have three crackers and so much meat and cheese. >> Look at all that cheese. Oh my goodness. >> They don't give you enough crackers, I don't think. >> Some cornons. >> This is new. I love a cornishon. This is new. I don't know what this is. Do you know? Is it a jelly? >> Yeah, I'm sure it's a jelly. >> So, this is the captain's board. >> Pepper jelly. >> This is just a selection of of cheeses and cured meats with seasonal accompaniment. >> I love that. >> So, these accompaniments might change >> depending on the season, >> as notated by the name seasonal accompaniment. >> Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. Okay. I was going to say these are these are pretty like, you know, around all the time. So, you'll probably see some cornons, but let's let's have some >> Yeah, corn's always in season surprisingly. Well, because they're just pickled. Why wouldn't they be >> teeny tiny pickles? >> So, what kind of cheese is this? >> Um, menchangeno. >> I don't know if it is. I'm going to try a little bit of everything. >> That's the one. Parmesan. >> Is it parmesan? >> I don't know. Is it a hard cheese? I love parmesan very easily. >> I turn into a parmesan goblin at around 11:00 at night every night. I do. >> Every night I'm cleaning out a little tiny bowl. >> I like You want to Can I tell you? This is my deep dark secret. Do you want to know it? >> Yes. Um, my deep dark secret is that every night at like 11 o'clock when I'm done editing, when Tim's like, "I'm going to go upstairs and start getting ready for bed." And I'm like, "Okay, I'll be there in just a minute." In that just a minute, what I do is I get a little tiny bowl, a ramkin of Parmesan cheese, and I lick it out of the bowl. >> Yeah. >> I go, >> like a little mouse. >> But literally, that's my secret. Don't tell anybody. It's embarrassing. >> Sometimes you do bread and butter though. >> Lately, I've been trying to cut the carbs and just do the cheese. >> Just straight up cheese. That's fine. That's like a keto, right? >> I don't know. I did read that parmesan has a really high um Yeah. So, I'm just bulking just getting my protein in before bed. >> So, good. It's the perfect time to get protein. That's when you want to eat is right before bed. >> Does it taste like cheese and meat? >> Let me see what kind of cheese this is. I'll be the judge of this. >> Oh, too big of a bite. >> Not parmesan. M. >> It has a bite to it like parmesan has. >> Oh yeah. That's what you got to do is put some of that some of the honey in on it or whatever there is. >> I'm just going to eat a corn. >> Yeah. >> Let me have one of these guys. >> Yeah. Those are good. >> A little pepperoni guy. Salami. >> Let's see. I got the And this one looks a little Is that supposed to look like that? Cheese is so weird cuz sometimes it looks moldy and that's just how it's supposed to look. >> Yeah, blue cheese has mold on it. >> That's true. >> All right, let me try this. This is the other one. Oh, potato. >> Oh, I thought there were Oh, yeah. >> tastes like oranges. That cheese. >> Oh. >> Oh, is it grilled? >> I don't know. I think that's the rind. >> I'm confused. Cheese is confusing. >> Yeah, there should be a sign saying what the cheese is. >> It's tasty, but it is confusing. >> Up next, the honey beastro hosted by the National Honey Board. How do I get on the National Honey Board? And you can see at the top of the menus, they are giving times when the booth is going to open. So, Tuesday through Thursday, it starts at 11:30. Friday through Monday starts at 11:00. But new this year is the honeycomb bowl with herb quinoa, honey whipped goat cheese, poached apples, and hot honey cauliflower topped with honey tulle for $549. And then, this isn't new, but I'm still going to get it because it sounds good. Chicken and waffles. Crispy chicken and a sweet honey bacon cornbread waffle with whipped honey butter and orange blossom honey for $6.99. So, the line for Honey Beastro is very long. And we've gotten one thing. We got the chicken and waffles. This is the returning item, but we still have to wait. >> We're all waiting for the bowl. >> Yeah, longer line for the bowl. And they said there was no pineapples, >> but it's not listed on there anyway. So, >> no pineapples were ever listed. >> So, we'll see. Also, this had a pat of butter on it, but they hinted to melted. You can see the butter kind of melted there on the side. Also, I like that this is a pretty big portion size for the uh chicken. I have to say once we got the bowl that is like the most disappointing thing I've ever seen. >> I thought it sounded so promising. >> What What happened here? >> I'm not I don't know. >> It's like they put too much and they decided to take some out and they're like, "No, it's too much." >> You You only paid $79. >> You don't get that much cheese. >> The cauliflower has hot honey on it, which I'm excited about. There's some goats cheese. Oh, >> it's called honey tulle. >> Oh, that's what the Oh, because Okay. Okay. I'm going to take a bite. Here we go. Is it good? >> I mean, it is pretty good. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Goat cheese on anything is delicious. It's like It's not a condiment, but it's like the perfect topper. You know what I mean? It goes great with everything. >> Wow. I mean, I don't I don't >> Was it worth the wait? >> I don't think so. But like, I could make this at home and I'd be very happy with dinner. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. >> I do like it. You want to try it? >> Uh, yeah. Very good. >> I like this. It's like a baby bird. >> No, if I was baby birding you, you'd know it. >> Pretty good. It does. The cauliflower should be crispier. >> I'm a quinoa. >> And the quinoa. You want it to be crispier? That's just regular quinoa. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. This tastes like something that Jen has made before. >> Yeah. >> Like it doesn't seem like something that I should go to Epcot to get. >> No, it tastes like something that we made from um what's the vegan box that we did? Purple carrot. >> Purple carrot. Good. >> All right, I'm going to go hard into this chicken and waffle here. Maybe not that hard. >> Oh, wait. Hold on. Oh, there we go. >> Let's give it a try. >> When we picked it up, a guy behind us or a guy in front of us who picked up his goes, "It's a $6 chicken nugget." Does it taste like a $6 chicken nugget? >> No. The waffle is really good, >> but I feel like the chicken needs the chicken needs more flavor. >> It's supposed to have like honey or something on it. >> There is honey, but >> no other spices or anything like that. M. So, >> so it's basically like a Can's chicken nugget. >> Kane's chicken nugget. >> Hey, Nick. >> Oh, hey. Oh my gosh. It's the theme park dad. >> Oh, yeah. Look, I'm wearing it. >> That's it. >> Wow. He's got his own merch. >> I'm quick. >> Spike the bee. Yeah, he bought it today. >> Wow. >> How are you guys? >> What did you eat so far? You got to talk into his mic. >> You got to talk into my chest. >> Feels invasive. >> Um, I have had the standards. Ah, cereal milkshake. >> Okay. Avocado toast and then the scallops over at um >> uh Commuter Car Hall. >> Were they good? These are all returned crow. I'm going to be friends with this crow. One of my one of my um my goals in life is to befriend a crow so it will bring me gifts. >> Birds scare me. >> No, just crows. I just want to befriend a crow. >> They intimidate me. But yeah, it's been good. >> You haven't made it very far. >> No. >> Yeah. >> This on the other hand was actually pretty good. But it wasn't anything special. >> That one's new, right? >> Yeah, they're both new. >> The highlight not new. Oh, you just ordered it. Okay. >> Yeah, because I was hungry. >> This has been my highlight of the day. >> All right. >> Spike the beast. >> Spike the beast. >> So, wait. You come here to a festival with drinks and food, and you order a Starbucks. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> I'm basic. >> All right. Valid. >> Nick, let us have a view of the prizes. So, this one's for the extravaganza, which is like an egg hunt that's happening right now. And this one's for spice pollination. >> Is this like you put it on your car? Like it's like a >> I like that. >> Was it called Spikes Pollination Exploration? Spikes Pollination Exploration. >> So wait, you already ran around and saw them. >> No, I just redeemed it. >> Oh, you just got Okay. >> Look at that citrusy sweet orange bird. He's got the reflection of Spaceship Earth. And Spaceship Earth is on the flower, too. >> I like that. That's cute. I would do this one. >> Yeah, it's fun. You could like put it on the dashboard of your car and it's solar powered, so whenever the sun's out, it does a little dance for you. All right. And the next booth that we're heading to is Trowel and Trellis. And we are going to be getting the miso cola glazed sticky pork ribs for $7.29 topped with spicy pickled peppers and peanuts. And also the garden vegetable flatbread featuring borson crumbles, garlic, and fine herbs cheese topped with roasted vegetables and arugula salad for $5.99. All right, so here are the ribs. You only get two of them, but one of ours happens to be very large, which is nice. And then this is the flatbread. >> This looks great, honestly. >> Oh no, there's bees. >> There's bees everywhere. All right. So, here's the flatbread. >> This looks really good. It does. >> I love roasted vegetables, though. >> All right. So, Jen, you're going to give the ribs a try. >> So, I know you're not like a fan of getting your hands dirty with like food. >> I don't mind. I love a good rib. So, I'm going to >> She loves a good ribbing. Eh, >> right. Oh, >> wow. It's so tender. >> Is it spicy? >> It is spicy. Yeah. It's like right on the tip of my tongue. It almost tastes like um pork belly. >> Oh, okay. >> Where's pork belly from? >> The belly. >> Where is this from? >> The rib. >> They're close, right? >> Yeah. >> They're neighbors. I taste it. >> Is this a beef or a pork rib? >> I think it's pork. It tastes like pork. >> How sticky are they? >> They're not that sticky, but they are pretty messy. Like, I'm nervous about that pepper. >> Oh, no. It got on my shoe. >> These are so good. They're so messy. If you don't mind getting messy, I would get two of these. >> These are so good. Oh no. >> Oh no. Spilled it on your pants. >> Spicy. Um, they're not sweet, but there's like a little tanginess maybe from the cola. Yeah, I love these. >> Is this your first time having a cola miso? >> Oh, is it miso? I love miso. I think it is my first time having cola miso. >> Time to try the flatbread. Why did we stop calling things like this pizza? >> I don't know. That's a good question. >> Cuz this is pizza, right? I think it's >> it's because there's no sauce. >> Honestly, I think it's all it's all big flatbread, >> you know? I think it's >> big corporation flatbread. >> It's not like a large flatbread. That's There's sauce on this. This is good. It does. >> It smells I love roasted vegetables. It It's such like a an easy, you know, it's just like a flavor, you know? It's very like it's like those memories of like home homemade food. I don't know. I just I love a roasted vegetable. >> The onions are like caramelized. >> Like they're sticking to my teeth. M. Oh, I love that. >> It is so hot. I'm dying. >> This is the best thing that we've had so far. >> We haven't had very much. No, >> but this is good. >> We have to come back for sure. All right, Jen's going to give the the pizza. >> So, you ate it from the plate. Do you think I could pick it up? >> Yeah. Yeah. It's a little floppy, but I think you can do it. >> Oh, the flatbread is so like doughy. >> Yeah. >> It's almost sweet. >> Yeah. >> Like it's a little sweet and salty. I think it's the onions. I think it's the caramelized onions that give it a little sweetness. Wow. >> That's pretty good. >> So, wait. Do you like Do you agree with the fact that I think that Well, you like the pokey. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> What did you say? I forgot. >> I said it was the best thing that I've had so far, but I've only had like two or three things. >> I don't think it's the best thing I had now. >> What was the best thing you had? >> I think the best thing that I had today was the fish sandwich. >> Oh, the fish sandwich. >> I do. Well, I mean, we're going to come back cuz obviously we didn't have a whole lot today. >> Yeah. >> But, um, yeah, so far is a fish sandwich. We'll see if anything can knock it off the uh the top spot when we come back. >> Okay. Well, there was >> It's going to be like a duel. A what a jingle. There he is. Ice skating goofy or bowling goofy, whichever you want to say. But today he's blowing dandelions. All right. So, it was a short trip to Epcot. We do have to go and pick up Jackson from school. And also, we had like a little bit of an issue with our pass, so we were a little bit late getting into the park. >> Oh, yeah. So, we we just renewed our passes. And let me tell you, >> we're about to be a family of four that need to renew passes because Oliver will be three on Friday. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I almost want to take him to like every single park >> on Thursday. Yeah. Like it's so expensive to have four a family of four. Wow. You know? >> Yeah. >> So, we we did it. We're doing it. >> We're doing it. All right. We are making our way to the front. Even though we were only here for a short period of time, >> fantastic time. That's one of my favorite things about coming to the first day of festivals is like everybody's here. It's like a big party, like a big reunion, and everybody gets to see each other. Everybody gets to say hello to each other. >> Yeah. We saw so many other vloggers. We met so many of you. We tried lots of new foods. It was a really good day. Very fun. The weather didn't rain. We thought maybe it was going to rain, but I my promise to you is that we will be back >> and we will try more foods for sure. >> A little bit cleaner shot of Lo on the way out. >> I love it so much. It looks so good. It's such a good uh topiary. So far, this one's my favorite. But honestly, points taken away because there are no strawberries on him. I was wondering, you think he's like a strawberry plant, but I don't think he is. >> No. >> I wish they like piped in the strawberry flavor, >> right? >> Or scent. >> Well, the sun's going away and it's the perfect time. Oh, the sun came back out. >> Oh, no. >> The lighting is always the best when the sun is just behind a cloud. It's diffused. Also wanted to get a shot of Buzz over here before we left. >> Oh, I like that he's buzz. And then there's bees >> in the flowers. You see him? There's bees. Buzz. Bees. Woody. He's made of wood. There's trees. Wood. Bow. Peep. Sheep. All right. So, uh, favorite thing today? >> I think the fish sandwich. I really do. I think that was so delicious. It was very good. I would come back tomorrow and get it. That guy was right. >> Maybe we will. You never know. I also really like the flatbread, but I think there's going to be something that I like more than that when we come back the next day. >> Yes. And we will be back. So, stay tuned for that. >> Yeah. So, all in all, a fantastic day. With that being said, we are off. See you all tomorrow. >> I'm Hot Goblin, and now it's time to pay the price. Downow meow.
