---
video_id: R6GzBzLigF0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "A Little Home DIY, Little Haircuts & A Little Clickbait? | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-02-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6GzBzLigF0
---
Good morning for home vlog. We're doing home vlog. It's almost such a jumble this morning because we got I got in not too late last night, but I got back from Dino Land, like the closing of Dinosaur last night at night. It was definitely night time and it was so cold that I was like, I need to get into my bed. I need to get warm. And then I woke up this morning and I was like, all right, I don't know what's happening this week at all. So today I'm taking the day to plan out the week so we can figure out what we're going to do for the rest of the week. We are getting back into a really good groove of theme park content. So, starting tomorrow, we're going to be doing like lots of theme park content leading up for quite a while now because we don't have anything planned. We don't have any trips or anything like that planned. So, we're going to be sticking to home base. We're going to be doing theme park content and all kinds of other fun stuff for the for a little while at least. So, look forward to it. But today, we're going to be doing the schedule for the week and then Jackson has his second piano lesson tonight. And I'm so excited because he's been into the piano, like really into the piano. He's been playing every day. He has jingle bells down pat. He's he can even he can play with both hands like play the the the melody jingle bells that part with each hand in the correct position and with his eyes closed each hand. He's not doing like chords or anything like that yet. And then he also figured out how to play the Jigglypuff song. We looked it up on YouTube and it's fairly easy. It's the song that Jigglypuff sings when they make everybody fall asleep and then they draw on everybody's faces. So, he knows that song. He's been really excited about playing it. And I'm just excited to see what the teacher says and what the teacher teaches him next and like where he's headed from here because I feel like he's into it and like that sort of happens with his stuff, but like he's been into Pokemon since he started and he's been into Mario since he started. And so I'm hoping that he's like into piano now since he started and since he's like learning how to do it. It's sort of like the games where there's more to learn and that's sort of what he craves is like learning new information about a thing and that's why he's been like attached to this Pokémon book. Let me show you how like worn the Pokémon book is. So this is the book we got him this for Christmas and this is just like it has every Pokémon in it and it tells you everything about them, their type and all that other stuff. And like look at this thing. like he takes it with him all over the place and it's just like he'll go through and he'll just read about Pokemons and there's like pages in here that have been ripped that we've had to tape from him just like flipping through and stuff like that and like crease pages because he's been looking at them so much. It's just I don't know. That's what I'm hoping happens with the piano, you know, cuz I think it will. We'll see how it goes, though. And then a few things that I want to get accomplished today are we have um the curtains, the blackout curtains. Jackson had blackout curtains in his room. I took those down and replace them with like some uh the not blackout curtain, just like regular curtains in there because he is he doesn't need the blackout curtains anymore. And so I'm going to move the blackout curtains to Oliver's room because when we were on the Dream, we had the room that could be closed off and it was so dark in there and Oliver fell asleep so easily on that cruise for his nap. So I think a key thing that I need to do is darken up his room. The only problem is Let me take you up to Oliver's room. So we do have some like make makeshift blackout curtains up, but they're just like it's like that's a towel and that's a blanket. But his room, I don't know why they did this, but they like made the wall extra thick here. And so he has like a a shelf here outside of his window. And so to put the blackout curtains up, I'm going to end up covering over this entire thing because they they go down to the floor. So they would start up here and just go down to the floor there. But that loses this like area to put stuff like this. Like we have this lamp here that we use for reading, which I can put on this table here. But it was nice up there, you know. I don't know. And then this one we don't use. We don't use the like recessed area on it other than for Olaf and this pillow. So, this one I'm not as concerned about. But this one we're kind of losing like a shelf basically in here. But I think that's okay. We'll start with this one cuz this is a large window. And then we can do this one cuz he's he's probably going to be back here from he's at the playground right now. He'll probably be back soon for lunch and nap time. So, I don't have a lot of time to do this. So, we're definitely going to start with this one. and we'll get this window this like these curtains up. All right. So, I just talked with Jen about it. What we're gonna do is we're gonna put the blackout curtain inside of here and just kind of like fold it up and pin it to itself so that we don't have to worry about it being like losing this and it'll still be a blackout curtain in there. That's what we'll do. That'll be easier, too. And now, come to think of it, it might look kind of strange if this one's in and there's like this box here and this one's out and you can't see the box. So, I'm just going to put them both inside of there and not worry about it. I'm just going to put the whole hanger like all the way up to the top there and then that's where it's at and not even worry about it. And same thing with this one. Put it all the way up to the top. It'll be less of a decorative curtain and more of just like a functional curtain. All right, we got a plan. I'm just talking it through with you guys. I got my marks up there. I'm about to start drilling. These are these will go quick because it's curtain rods are simple, especially if I'm doing like this. So, there should definitely be something for a screw to catch up here as far as wood goes. Down here, I might have to use an anchor. No big deal. They gave me anchors with it, but there also might still just be wood there. So, it's great because this is on the inside. If I were doing it up here, I'd be hitting this corner bead. And this corner bead's made of metal. Like this thing that makes this sharp edge here. not sharp, but like square edge is a piece of metal that you use to connect your pieces of drywall and then you can mud up to it to make it flat. But it's metal, so it's always hard to screw through that piece of metal. It's not thick metal and you will get through it eventually, but sometimes it might pull out on that and mess this all up. So, if I'm going back here, when you're doing inside, you don't do metal insides. You do uh paper insides. So, it should just go right through the paper and not be any big deal here. Let's find out. So, I don't know about you guys, but I always like to put the screw in the hole first just to like see what happens and see if there's anything there for it to grab onto. That's a piece of wood. Let's see what's down here. Another piece of wood. Oh, I love it. We like to see that because then I can just take the bracket now and F on there. We're done. You know, this one I got to get a different screwdriver for that because that's going to mess up the with how close I am to the ceiling here. I'm going to mess up the uh the drywall there. So, if you're using a big screw gun like this, like this part right here is rough. You hear that? So, when I'm screwing, if it's next to something like this, like the drywall, this will mess up the drywall or mess up something else. So, I either need a longer bit, which I don't have currently, or I just need to use a hand screwdriver, which I do have. So, I have this, which is the same idea. It's just an electric screwdriver. is just small, slow, but I can use it like a regular screwdriver. So, although it's not powerful enough to like get into the wood, it'll get me started. And that's one side down. So, let's check the other side. That one grabbed onto something, but it wasn't too sturdy. The other side was better. I might have to use the anchors on this one. Fun fact about me, I hate using wall anchors. I just don't think they ever really work. We're doing them anyways because they have to. I don't know if I can. There's something back there. I hit something when I was drilling into the wall. Most likely wood, but it's kind of a little bit behind the drywall. So, I'm going to try to put this anchor in there and see what happens. Yep, I hit something. So, hm. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to drill into the wood that's behind the drywall. Should be okay. I just hope that I'm not hitting sheathing on the outside. It shouldn't be. You know what? We can check. So, here's the drills that I or the holes that I was drilling, right? And I should have at least that much space before I get to the outside of the house, right? And my anchor was hitting kind of in there and we're nowhere close to the actual window there. So, I can drill into the wood that's in there without having to worry about it. All right, let's go. This is one of those situations where like X-ray vision will be great. I don't have X-ray vision, though. So, I drilled into the wood. We'll see what happens. We'll see how it goes. I think it should be okay. We'll find out together cuz as they say on High School Musical, we're all in this together, right? What team? Wildcats. Get your head in the game. Sports this whole time. Troy Bolton loved um Oh, dang. Now, here's a question. Is this too big for in here? No. Okay, cool. All right. This whole time Troy Bolton loves musicals and what was it called? Twinkle and also basketball. By the way, we watched High School Musical for the Patreon watch party and it was ridiculous but fun. You know, I had a good time. But like what a movie. Okay, now we just need to load up these curtains on there. About to get real dark in here. I hope you guys are ready. Heck yeah. Look at that. And we put the other one up here. Yeah. And then we just extend this guy out and screw it in over here. And then we're done with this. We just need to pin back the bottom. Like hem it back a little bit. And we just need to figure out where to pin back the the bottom. There it is. Piece of cake. Look at that. I mean, for the most part. I still need to pick the bottom up off the ground. All right. There it is. Fold it over nicely. Let me turn off the light so you guys can see. Oh yeah, it's already like 10 times darker in here. Wow. Okay, I think this baby's going to sleep good. So yeah, all I did was fold that up and then I used my little my little like tagging thing here to pin it up with these little guys. So that and it like didn't even leave a barely left a noticeable hole. And these I think I'm going to have to end up like folding in half. But I'm going to go downstairs cuz Oliver is back from his trip to the little playground. We'll see where he's at as far as his lunch and nap time because I can finish his after his nap time like later today or tonight even cuz this went pretty quick. All right, same procedure is going to happen with this one, but I'm just not going to film it because I got to get it done before Oliver comes up for his nap. So, let's get it done as quick as we can. All right, I got it up real quick. Let's see. Oh my goodness. Yeah, this is ridiculous. Okay, I think he's going to fall asleep real easy in here. All right, now that his blackout curtains are up, Oliver is going to go down for his nap. But let's go check on the plants that we brought in from the cold and see how they're doing. So, I've got one more day of cold weather in the morning. I've got one more 32°ree morning and then it gets back warm again. Like right now, it's pretty warm outside in the sun, but you can see the wind blew my sheet off this one branch and it it froze for sure. It like split right there, too. Oh, man. I hope it's okay. I hope the rest of the the branches are okay. I don't know if I can. They're not doing so good, but we'll cover that one back up for the next night. See how it goes. These are pretty resilient plants. These uh plumerias, that's our papaya tree. Did not last. I got to find something to replace that with. I was thinking of doing a magnolia, which that's what this is right here, but they'll take forever to grow. So, I don't really have any choice. I could put something there, but also a magnolia would be too close to the fence. I'd have to move it like out here, and I don't want to do that. We'll figure it out as we go. You know, I wanted to show you guys this though because this is Oliver's mud kitchen. It's a dirty thing to begin with. So, it had some water in it, but you can see there's still ice right there on the top layer. It was frozen pretty solid. Uh, this this little piece, but my bowl never really froze that was out here. Now that you've seen how the plants are doing, they're not doing great. Um, but also I wanted to mention thank you guys for uh telling me about the basil plant. I didn't know. I guess when the basil plant flowers, it's like you can't eat the basil anymore. >> Oh, >> you're supposed to like take the top off of that plant. >> So, I didn't know that. Now I know you guys taught me lots of stuff in this last home vlog. So, thank you. So, there was one more thing that Tim wanted to show you. This this is going to be like a little DIY kind of like a little home improvement vlog, but and car improvement vlog because he wanted to show you this thing that he got for the Rivian and it's uh Well, here I'll let him show you here. Here's Tim showing you that >> something else that I kind of wanted to do today was this is a You see it says Rivian there. This goes on the top of the Rivian. It's like an awning that would come out from the side like this to kind of cover over and like provide you from some shade if we were going camping. Also, there's so much pollen out right now. It's driving me crazy. So, I had attempted at one point to put it on the roof of the car, but one of these screws here, this screw right here, kind of got a little a little stripped because one of the brackets wasn't fully like some of the powder coating had gotten into the threads. And when I tried to put this screw in, it wasn't happy with me. But, I have retapped the hole and rethreaded the screw. We'll see. It should work now. All right. Step number one is put these little bracket guys on. And then we put the awning on there. It's It's kind of it, right? I'll show you guys as we go. So, the way that these work is like these are on there and then there's one bolt up here and then one bolt down low and then there's just like a hook that goes on the top and then you run the bolt through a hole in the bottom down there. So, it's easy to kind of get on and off. You just have to take this off and then like roll it up and then it's off. So, I'm just going to put it on now. This is definitely like a twoerson job. Let's see here. I do however feel like I'm going to be taking this thing off and on fairly often because of how tall it makes the car. This is not that bad. It's 6'8 with it on top of it in its resting position. Like this is dropped down. So I'll have to measure it when it's up at its ride height. Let's see. I just got to make sure it should fit out of the garage. I don't see why it wouldn't. This was something because I had enough referrals with Rivian. I got this thing for free. It might just be a thing that we put on when we go somewhere like to the beach. I have a seven foot clearance out of the garage. So, should be fine. All right. So, there it is. Let's see. I'm going to try to extend it and see how it works. Heck yeah. It's pretty nice. Like, we could go camping with this thing. It extends out a lot further, too. Look at this. So, you just have to make sure that it clicks. Oh, I hit the golf cart. So, there's one click. So, there you go. And if the golf cart wasn't here, I could extend it out even further. And then you're supposed to be able to also use this to like ratchet it tighter so that it's a little bit like Yeah. A little bit more like firm there. But for the most part, that's it. We did it. So, now to put it back in, we just pull it and then pull it out a little bit. and then put it back in. And then lock it back. I can even like ratchet a little bit tighter here. Then it's in the lock position. And then these guys just go right back in there. Little magnetic guys. How about that? All right. I'm going to pull it out of the garage now just to double check because I know that once the nose starts to go down the driveway, this will kick up a little bit. And we'll see. This is like the best way to test it is just to get in there and do it. I would say I can't can't raise the car all the way up and get out of the garage. Matter of fact, I'm going to stop it from going up. But this is for off-roading right now, so it's not a big deal. Never this high. >> Okay, so it's actually the next day. We just got home from Disney Springs. What? >> The next day. >> It is the next day. We just got home from Disney Springs. You're going to see that video hopefully tomorrow. But um now we have to take the kids. We're going to get their haircut. They haven't had their haircut in a little bit. Their hair's looking a little >> a little scruffy. >> Cracker. >> Not that bad. >> Not that your hair looks bad. It's just It's long. It's long. Um, so we're going to go take them for haircuts and then Yeah. Come with us. Come with us for a haircut. Wait, let me let me see your before hair. Okay. Give me a big spin. >> A big spin. Let me see your the spin around in a circle. Okay. Look how long this hair is. Oh my goodness. Okay. So, we're going to have a Okay. Thank you. Let me see this baby's hair. Wa! Look how long this hair is. >> I want to take a haircut. >> You want to get a haircut? >> Well, good. Good news. >> Haircut. >> I think so. Cuz it's >> Look how long that is. What do you think? >> You are going to have a haircut? Yeah. >> This one? >> You want that one? Okay. I bet it is done. Then we can do a haircut. Okay. >> You excited to finally get your haircut? >> Yeah. Here's a little before. Oh my buddy, it's so long. >> Okay. What do you think? You're in the police car. So, because they were so good at their haircuts, they got >> a Pokémon. >> Yes. >> You want me to get it out? Wait. Can you do a little spin so I can see your full hair? >> No. >> Do a little spin. >> No. >> Okay. You get one ultra rare card and one holographic card. I wonder what the ultra rare card is. >> Let me see your haircut. Can you do a little a little spin around of your hair? >> Hey. >> Whoa. Looks great. >> Yes. >> Look. >> What' you get? >> Oh, a Machoke. >> What's your holographic card? >> Um, he got a a Gorbus. >> Gorbis? Eh. >> Yeah. I don't I've never heard of this one. >> And what's the other one? Cuz he got two of them. Are >> is this a holographic one? He got a Bul >> Basel. >> Which one do you think is Jackson's ultra rare card? >> I don't know. Let me see all your cards. >> This must be the rare one. The ROM. >> No, there's one holographic and one rare one. >> Um, you got a Seisier Mantike. >> Oh, wait. No, this one. >> This is the shiny one. >> Good job, buddy. Cycllazar. >> Whoa, he's a motorcycle. and a >> mainfu and I've never heard of any of these. >> These must be new ones. >> Gimmelx. >> What's this? Oh, Zubat. I've heard of a Zubat. >> Orworm. >> An Orworm. He's like a train. >> Yeah. >> A Knackley. Knackly >> rock type. Tang. >> And this one is a Tang Growth. >> Vanilla X. >> Oh, a vanilla X. >> Vanilla. Then he also got a train. >> Oh, vanilla. Sorry. Here you go. And then what else did you get? You got Professor Seda's Vitality. >> Wow. >> So, which one of those is the rare one? >> I don't know. Does anybody know which one of these is the rare one? Because we got this ultra rare pack and I don't know which one was the ultra rare one. Okay, Oliver, who did you get? So you got a Gorbus, a Busel, a Merro, Saul Rock. Well, this guy looks kind of silly. >> Yeah. >> Paulo sand. Is this just a sand castle? >> He just looks like a sand castle. >> From Houston. Houston. >> Oh, he is a Charmeleon. >> A Charmeleon. Let me have my Charmeleon. >> A toxic croak. Growlith. with a choke. Jinx. >> Oh no, you want me a Coke. A curia and a banana. >> This is a Kyra. >> What does that mean? >> Charmeleon. What? Charmeleon. I have a Charmeleon. >> Charmeleon. War. >> Graphic Charmeleon, too. Is it? >> I have a >> I don't have a shiny Charmeleon. And my I have my shiny Charizard. >> Oh, you do? >> Yeah. >> Oh, what does he do? He sounds like they're stealing it. >> Yeah. >> Oh. Anyway, it's after the haircuts. Um, the haircuts were very needed. I couldn't believe how much hair came off of both of their heads. They they had they Yeah, we were we were long overdue for haircuts, but um we stopped on the way home. We stopped and got some pizza from Publix cuz Jackson requested pizza. So, we just got our favorite pizza. We got our favorite frozen pizza, which is home runin pizza. So, um I guess it says Chicago's premium pizzeria. So, is this like a real place in Chicago? Okay. You people that live in Chicago, is home run and pizza good? Because I thought Chicago pizza was deep dish. >> I think that >> is there more than >> multiple pizzeras in Chicago. >> Well, no. I mean, I know that, but I just thought like Chicago pizza, like the quintessential Chicago pizza, I thought was deep dish. >> Yeah. Isn't it reverse, right? Like with the >> the cheese and then the sauce on top. >> Is that Detroit style? I don't know. Tell us in the comments. >> That's true. I'm I'm sorry if I have offended your pizza. >> I'd like to go to Chicago and like really try it, you know, like the real deal. >> Yeah. >> But, uh, for tonight, we're going to have a frozen home run in pizza. So, that's what we're making right now. And then, um, we're just getting ready for, you know, it's it's not going to be as cold tonight as it has been, which is great. I'm very happy about that because the weather has been so cold. Um, but the other thing that's happening is Muppets tonight. >> No. Oh, it's tomorrow. >> If you're a member of D23, you can watch it tonight. >> Oh, so the new Muppet show is coming out. >> We're going to watch it tomorrow. Yeah. And actually, >> Team Rocket. >> I I do want to battle Team Rocket with you. Which ball can I have? >> You You can have this one. >> The luxury ball. So Tim got them some of these like soft plushy balls because they've been throwing the plastic ones and they're so loud. Are you ready? >> Go. Go Charmeleon. >> Go Charmeleon. Okay. Who do I have in my ball? >> Your You have um You have Magmar. >> I have Magmar. >> Yeah. So, >> okay. So, >> over there. >> Go Magmar. So, Tim's actually going to be doing an additional Patreon watch party for Muppets in addition to our regular movie watch party that we do every month. Um which those have been really fun. But he's going to do one for Muppets. So, that's exciting. So, if you're a part of Patreon, stay tuned for that. It'll be tomorrow. >> Hi. Yes. Here we are over by our >> We still haven't put We got to put the pictures in the picture frames. We have the frames up. >> I mean, they don't look like terrible. This This couple's having a good time. I also have my um my Disney Cruise Line robe on. One of the times that we did a cruise, Tim had these like delivered to the room as like a like a fun perk >> in room gift. >> Yeah. You can like add, you know, put things in your room like pay extra for that >> when you first show up. >> Yeah. And so he had these in the room when we showed up to one of the cruises and I I remember being like, "Oh man, this is so great." Because we were in a room that didn't have like these kind of robes. I'm like, "Man, this is so great." But then we didn't have anywhere to like pack them. >> We had to like really shove them in the suitcase. >> They're so big. They're so fluffy and wonderful. >> Um but yeah, if you're going to do that, leave room to pack them. >> Oh, yeah. >> But cuz it's cold still. You said You said it was trending to be warmer. >> It's 62° outside. It's so cold in this house. >> It's warmer than when we woke up or when I woke up it was 31. >> No, that's true. But it's I wish it was warmer in this house right now. >> Okay, >> that's all. >> So, so yeah. So, I mean, this was a like Thanks for hanging out with us in this home vlog and >> it was a good time. >> So, editing the video because obviously you were like doing all the stuff. You put up the the curtain rods, you did the thing with the car, >> you told, you know, showed the plants and all that, but it editing it made me really want to get into cuz one of our New Year's resolutions is to finish the projects that we keep talking about. And two of the projects that I really want to finish are I want to finish the pantry, like like redo the pantry. I have all these like inspo pics like saved on Instagram. I don't know how to use Pinterest or I would like make a Pinterest board, but I don't know how to use it. So, I have all these pictures saved of exactly what I want in the pantry. And then I also want to do the laundry room. >> Okay. >> And I think for those we could probably find stuff at like IKEA and make it I know Tim doesn't want to do IKEA. >> I'm uh I've put up IKEA cabinets before and I just don't trust their hanging systems. >> Well, there's So, >> let me know if you guys have ever put up IKEA cabinets and had them fall down. There's like a huge thing right now on Instagram that's very like build your own like built-in lookalike thing with IKEA these IKEA systems and they look very nice. >> Yeah. >> But I don't know, you know, I don't know how it really works. So I also um the Container Store is a great option which obviously they would do it for us. We wouldn't do it. But they they did our closet in our in our bedroom and they did a really great job. >> Yeah. >> So we might look at the Container Store. >> I'm I'm up for that. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So, maybe one day next week, depending on our this month is kind of a little bit wild right now. We have a lot going on, but maybe next week we can head to the Container Store and like just peruse. >> Give a little perusion. >> Yeah. Give >> Is that all right? Is that a word? >> It is now. But that's what I want to do. I just want to like check it out and just see what they, you know, what their thoughts would be, what they would recommend >> cuz they kind of like plan it out for you and stuff, too. So, >> there you go. >> Yeah. just look for a new laundry room coming up 2026. >> I hope that's on my list. So, I would like to like really do it this year. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah. So, this was just, you know, like a little fun home vlog. Thank you for letting us hang out at home. Tomorrow's video is going to be from Disney Springs and uh then we're just going to get right back into some more theme park fun. So, >> hopefully it'll be a little bit warmer. It I just don't like the cold. >> Yeah, >> I really don't. All summer everybody's like, I can't wait till it's cold. I can't wait till it's cold. Now that it's cold. >> Nope. >> I mean, I also don't like the heat. >> It needs to be perfect. >> Where where can you live where it's just not hot and not cold? >> Aruba, Jamaica. No, it gets hot in the Caribbean. >> It does get hot. Yeah. >> Um I don't know. Key West was pretty nice. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Like a small island, I think, with a lot of breeze. >> Where should we move? >> I don't know. We were moving. I'm going to click bait this title. >> Oh, where should >> Moving out of Florida? >> Whoa. >> Should we do that? >> I don't think so. >> Just kidding. Um, >> the last 2 minutes. All right, see you guys later. People will be watching this video like why did they title it this? >> People do that. >> I know >> people do do that. We don't We don't We're not those people that do that, but like should we be? >> Let me know in the comments down below. >> Should we do it? We should do one a week. And you guys that like follow us all the time know that we're gonna do one a week, right? >> Yeah. >> And that way we can draw in new people with our ridiculousness. >> Oh, >> right. >> And then you guys will know like, ah, here comes their one a week. Like their one title that doesn't mean anything that has to do with the video. >> It kind of it means something. >> It does mean something. It's >> a small part of what happened in this video. >> Yeah. >> So, >> did Tim just break his whole leg off? But it was like a leg of like a chicken nugget that's shaped like a dinosaur. >> Oh, okay. >> See? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I see you. >> Yeah, >> I see you. >> There you go. >> Okay. I think this is where we're going to end it. And um thank you guys so much for hanging out with us. We love it. We love having these fun home vlogs with you. So, thank you. >> Yeah. So, all in all, a fantastic day. And with that being said, we're off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now, it's time to pay the price. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
