---
video_id: 8a_XzAzt-gU
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Doing A Little Goat Yoga & Getting Ready For The Big Florida Freeze! | Home Vlog"
published: 2026-02-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a_XzAzt-gU
---
Good morning and happy home vlog. >> Come here eating almonds. >> Oh no, >> don't tell anybody. >> Just told everybody. >> Oh, you guys don't tell anybody. >> Yeah, don't tell anybody. But we are headed over to Tim's parents house. We're going to drop off the trailer and uh I don't know. See what else we're going to get up to. But look at the garage, though. I want to show you the garage. Wow, look how clean. Ooh. Don't look at the golf cart. It's full of things that used to be in the trailer. >> I had to do this yesterday, too. So, I had like a charger, like a regular charger from Charge Point for the car, and the cord went bad. I looked up how much a cord was. $250. And I said, "Wo, that's too much." So, this one came with the Rivian, and it has a 220 plug for it. So, this was already run for 220 because the charger was there. I just replaced it with a regular wall plug. notes. Works just great. Works exactly the same as it did before. >> How much did that cost? >> $10. >> Look at that. All right, >> there we go. So, I am going to do goat yoga today in celebration of the movie Goat, which is a movie by Steph Curry about uh sports and celebrating our differences. So, I'm going to go do that in just a second. But, I wanted to show you guys Jackson's been taking piano lessons. He's been learning jingle bells. But, we figured out another song this morning. Check this out. cuz he's um he's a little scared, I think. >> Good job. >> Good job. That's a Jigglypuff song. Can you play me Jingle Bells, though? Good job, buddy. >> Faster. >> That's okay. You're doing great. >> Those aren't ducks. Those are white ibises. >> Just ate our um plant. Um they're ducks. >> These are white ibises. >> What did they eat? Yeah, they like >> they ate our plants. >> Yes. >> Oh, >> they like to airate the yard. >> Yeah. >> Oh, they airate the uh >> they dig little holes and make little little holes. Oh, this guy's going to fly up to the fence. Ready? Here he goes. Oh, there he goes. Good job. The other thing that should be noted is that right now it's 58° outside. Lovely. The sun's not out, so it's not really warm yet. But right now, it's 11:35 and at around 1, the temperatures are going to start dropping drastically. By the time that we wake up tomorrow morning, it's going to be 24° here with a feels like temperature, hold on to your pants for this one, of 9. >> Oh, really? >> 9° with the windchill. So, after I get back from goat yoga, we have a watch party that we're doing for Patreon where we're going to watch High School Musical. Then, we're going to do a live show for Patreon later tonight, too. But in between those two, I need to insulate our plants, bring some plants into the garage, cover up our water softener to make sure that nothing happens with that. I did insulate the pipes yesterday, but I want to like still put a blanket over it because I just want to be extra sure that we don't explode any pipes from the water freezing. So, we're going to do that. >> Exciting times, right? >> And then tomorrow, it's going to be very cold. The It started, the wind has started. It's starting to get cooler outside. We really need to start getting the plants inside and getting like our water softener covered up. It still says it's 51 out, so it doesn't I don't think the temperatures have started to reflect how cold it's going to be yet, but it will be happening soon. >> All right, we've made it to Alaska Farms to do some goat yoga. >> I guess where we're going to be doing the goat yoga right here. The goats are all back there right now. There's a mini Scottish Highland cow right there and a bunch of little goats wearing sweaters. How are their goats wearing sweaters? We got all of our mats and everything. And the goats. I like that they're wearing shirts. I think that's probably my favorite part about these goats. Also, their little their little bleets. Here's the poster for the movie goat. But also some things to remember. Accidents happen. That means they might poop. They might play fight. They might headbutt you. You're at goat yoga. We're here to help. You do not have to participate. Stretch out and have fun. We got a little bit of time before the goat yoga starts, but there are horses out here as well. And if you look, I don't know if you guys can see, but through the fence there, there's an emu. Emu emu, what are you doing on that picnic table? Hello there. Everybody came over to this gate. >> What are you guys doing? >> Also, that was a fluffy cow. You are a very fluffy cow, my friend. >> Yeah, it's goat time. >> Get in here, goats. >> Hello. Allowing yourself to point surrender this widelegged pose. >> You drinking my water. >> You have a little more flexibility in your hips. You can lower it down to your forearm. I have my hips don't line. Creating a pillow. Maybe you connect your chin or your forehead on that pillow. You'll still get that. >> This is Pop-Tart. Close. Inhale. And as you exhale, bring that right hand, stack it over your left. >> I can't pay attention to what's supposed to be happening with my hands. >> Got me there. >> There's too many goats. >> Connect that right hand elbows directly underneath the shoulders. >> There's so many goats on me. >> Back bend before. >> All the goats are eating afterwards. And then Duke. >> There's a cat in the gift shop named Sir Jackson. >> Lots of lots of stuff in the gift shop. Goat things. All right, I'm back from goat yoga. What a good time. We also uh just finished a watch party for Patreon where we watched High School Musical. The first one. >> Yeah. >> What a movie. What a movie. >> What What team? >> Cats. I think for me my favorite part was because it was a watch party. We were like chatting with everybody live while we were watching it. And I think that was my favorite part. Like just watching everybody's reactions and stuff. >> Um the movie is >> pretty ridiculous. Pretty like silly in a fun way. But um you know I would watch I would watch the rest of them which I think it's on our list now to watch on Patreon. >> Three of them. They said we should watch Cheetah Girls next. >> Cheetah Girls. I've never I'm not a decom like I was those were I was a little bit older when like the decom stuff happened. >> Yeah. We're WB kids. >> I don't I just don't remember like I never I don't think I watched any of those movies. >> Yeah. >> So I'd be Yeah, I'd watch all of them. >> Or CW? Which was it? WB or CW? It >> was both. It was one then the other. >> Yeah, >> I think it was. It was both. >> We have to go uh get everything covered up and get the plants pulled in because the temperature is starting to drop. The wind is picking up. >> It's going to get cold here in Florida. >> I'm cold right now. What's that? >> What is it? Is smoke is coming in? >> Is it smoke? >> Oh, was the neighbor lighting his house on fire again? We had this happen one time already. >> One minute. He like decides to grill inside of his his porch, but like a huge plumes of smoke come out. And I like ran over there one day cuz I thought the house was on fire, but no, it's just he's grilling in his porch. >> They're just cooking. >> They're just cooking. >> Smells good. I'm hungry now. >> What is it? A steak? >> It smells like they're I don't know. They're grilling something. >> Grilling up some steak. >> All right. Oh no. >> Okay, here's one. >> Oh, did you put a Okay, we got three four out here now. Can you see these plants? >> You can right there. >> Right there. You want to look at them? >> You got to water our basil plant. >> Yeah. The basil plant in my eye. >> Oh no. The basil plant started growing flowers. I didn't even know they did that. >> Yeah. >> Flowers. >> Yeah. >> What? >> You just touching them. >> You just trying to see if you can touch the tippy top. You did it. Look how tall you are. >> You're one tall babe. >> I touch I touched the tippy top. You did a great job, buddy. There's some spiderw webs on these, though, so let's be careful. Okay. >> Spider webs, >> right? You see that one right there? There's one right there. You see it? >> What is it? >> You see a spider living in it? >> A spider living in it? >> Yeah. Do you see it? >> What is it? >> I don't know. Might be. Why don't we leave these guys alone? >> No. >> Okay. >> All right. There it is. These are two plumeriios. This one is like I don't know. It just doesn't seem to want to grow. It is still alive, but it doesn't seem to want to grow. I see a hole in there. I got to go out there and like tie that up a little bit. There was a like a papaya tree that we had here in the center that um it just died. It died a while ago and I was trying to save it, but it's fully dead now. But those are all covered up. And then I want to show you guys what I did with the water softener. Let me go fix this one thing out here really quick first. And I also realized I have like a I don't even remember what that plant is. It's like another tropical fruit that I have to cover up too. Right now, none of them are really doing so well because it's winter time here and we're not getting a lot of rain. I think all these things will spring back in the spring. Those are summer for sure. All right, so this is what I did. This is just for salt back here. But our main water lines kind of coming in the back back there. And I've got them insulated and I've got them covered. Uh we can kind of see them right there. Let me try to pull this around. I couldn't really cover them up too much right there because of this cord going into the house. So, I just need to kind of try to adjust this one towel to cover this spot back here. Okay, it's dinner time. The kids I forgot to show you what I made the kids for dinner. Let me show you what's left on their plates. >> So, Oliver had some meatballs. He ate them. He's got some pasta, broccoli, and he had some strawberries over in this little thing here. Jackson ate all of his pasta. This thing was filled to the top with this pasta. You ate it all. I can't believe it. I really didn't think you were going to eat it all. I put it on there as kind of like a Okay, he asked for all this pasta, but he probably won't eat it. And then he ate it. >> So, and then they have some broccoli and some strawberries. >> Cuz it's springy. >> Oh, it looks like springy springy noodle. >> It's called a corkcrew noodle, buddy. >> Isn't that crazy that I ate all of it? >> That is wild. I'm kind of shocked. >> But you are a growing boy. >> What's shocked mean? >> Shocked means I like can't believe it. I just can't believe you ate all that. You're going to grow like 10 inches tomorrow, I think. >> How? >> Cuz you had such a big Denny's. >> I did that. >> You're going to Yeah, you're going to grow tomorrow. You're going to be 8 ft tall. I >> don't think my stuff's going to last on our plants outside. >> You don't think? >> Look at how windy it is out there. >> I know. It's really >> a hurricane outside. >> But no, no rain. >> No rain. >> Just a tornado. >> Just cold air blowing down from the north. >> Wow. Why is it so windy? >> The winds. Oh, these birds are Do you see that bird? It's right there. It's >> that I I don't know if you saw that bird. It was going like 100 miles an hour. >> Oh, you just have greasy hands, buddy. I'll let you hold it after dinner. Okay. >> Bye. >> Here you go. >> I tried to drink all my water, but I didn't. >> Okay, good. >> So, how many pieces? >> 15. >> That's one. So, you just say one. >> What? >> What? >> He just says, "How many pieces?" I just yell 15. He's like, "All right, >> I want to do three." >> Three. >> Okay, eat three. >> Three. Show me three fingers. >> He said, "I'll show you one finger >> and raise your right finger." >> So, um, I did. So, during our we did a a movie watch party earlier and I had three loads of laundry to fold during the watch party, but I like I couldn't fold them and I had so much to say cuz the watch parties are like chats. Like we're chatting while we're watching. So, I needed to like use my hands to chat. >> Um, you think I ate the most food today >> in your whole life? >> I don't know. >> No, I think you've eaten more. >> Do you think? >> Yeah. There's been some wild days where he's just like doesn't stop eating. >> So, anyway, I folded three loads of laundry. >> No, you don't need any salt. Buddy, >> what did I do? >> So, please clap. >> For Tim and Jen's dinner, we ordered some habachi. >> Oo, yeah. Some steak and some fried rice. >> You can tell which one's mine cuz it has less vegetables. >> Do you want that one? >> Yeah, I want the one with less vegetables. >> This one has more steak. >> Yeah. I mean, I can give you more vegetables. >> I don't want more vegetables. >> Oh, okay. All right. It's much later. We just had our Patreon live stream. Super fun. It was a late one. >> It was a late one at 9:30 bowls. >> I don't know. Can't even buy Tupperware anymore. Okay, Tim's going to ruin my Tupperware bowl. >> I'm not ruining any Tupperware. >> Um, what are you doing? >> So, we are from Florida and we find things amusing. And I'm sorry to the oz of you guys that live up north where it's cold and this is like a normal thing to you, but it's cold enough outside to freeze water. So, I'm going to fill up this bucket or this bowl with water and leave it outside so that when we wake up with the kids tomorrow, I can take this bowl and be like, "Look, this was outside. Now it's ice." >> Yeah. >> Like the outside. I'm going to show them this clip. >> You didn't You didn't like have to put it in the freezer, >> right? Cuz the outside is the freezer. >> The outside is the freezer. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm going to do that cuz it's cool. Like that's what we used to do when I was a kid. >> Oo. >> I'm so scared to go outside right now. It's It's 32° outside right now. >> Are you going to fill it up from the outside? >> Yeah, cuz I got to leave that one like running a little bit, I think. >> Oh, are you? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Because that that one is fully outside. >> Yeah. >> So, >> Oh, no. Oh, no. >> It's not so bad out here. >> Yeah, it is. I don't even have any shoes on. Hold on. I got to get my shoes on. I put on some of my clothes that we bought for Alaska. And when we went to Alaska, like the coldest that it got there was in the like the 40s, I think. Oh, it is cold. Wow. >> For those of you guys that do this, the like leaving the water running thing. >> Yeah. >> How uh when do you stop stop doing that? >> Well, also, what happens to the pool? Is the pool going to freeze? >> No, the pool just runs the whole time. >> How cold does it have to be for the pool to turn into an ice skating rink? >> Really cold. Like that's not going to happen tomorrow. Well, >> so and I just need to do like this, right? >> I think it just has to drip. >> Oh, that's too much. >> Do I turn on both the hot and the cold? >> I don't know. I think that's an answer. That's one for Google. I have to I got to go inside now. >> Did you fill it up? >> Yeah, it's right there. >> Okay, here it is. It's got water in it. And then we'll show it to you in the morning. >> Is this what it's going to be like if I >> didn't know? Where'd you put it? >> What do you mean? It's just on the table out there. >> Oh, I don't know why. I thought it was going to go like in the grass. >> Why? It's just how it needs to be outside. >> I don't I don't know. I just >> I guess maybe it would be better out. It'll be fine >> cuz it's warmer in the porch, right? Like cuz it's got a roof. >> This stuff works. >> Okay. >> I know that it's cooler in the summertime cuz it's shade. >> It is very cold though. >> I am so cold right now. I need to find my gloves for tomorrow. >> Oh no. >> I need gloves. I need thermal. >> You need like hand warmers. I think >> I need an electric jacket >> probably. >> Man, I don't have any of those things. No. >> I want to wear three jackets though for sure. >> Yeah. So, we were going to take the kids tomorrow because Dinosaur is closing tomorrow. I don't think we're going to do that. I think that's going to be like a not fun trip for them. It's going to be too cold. I can't imagine. I mean, we'll see tomorrow, but I can't imagine I think it's going to be too cold for them. I They're not used to this. Like, we're not used to this, but they're really not used to this. >> Yeah. Jackson will go to the grocery store and he's like, "It's so cold in here." I'm like, "It's like 75° in this grocery store." We have to we have to literally bring his little jacket everywhere we go because he's he's always cold. So, and Oliver is very much the opposite. He runs like really hot. >> Oh, sorry. >> But, um yeah, I don't think we're going to I think I'll stay home with them and I just won't ride dinosaur before it closes. >> Well, I I can't What am I going to do? >> Just teleport. >> I wish I could. >> That's what we need to be able to do. So, reinvent that. >> Um we're going to go to bed. It is 11:30. We got to get up early and uh freeze our little our little tushies off tomorrow. So, we'll see you tomorrow in the morning when it's where when it's colder. >> All right, it's the next morning and here is our bowl of ice. It's not frozen solid. There's definitely like ice on top, but like I can push through it. >> Wo! Oh, the kids are driving their car around. >> Like, we already did this once this morning, but there is ice in there, but it's not like >> frozen as solid as I was expecting it to be >> for it being still under 30° right now. Maybe it just wasn't cold long enough. >> Yeah, but >> also we didn't put it outside. All right, we're going to head to the grocery store. Um Tim's going to head out for the day because he's going to go ride dinosaur for the last time. I'm going to stay home with the kids, but before we before he goes, we need to go to the grocery store. Um I also have a lot. I know you saw those dishes behind me. I'm going to do those today. >> We got >> You know why there's dishes there? Because we we were up late last night talking to Patreon live stream. We didn't go to We went right to bed after the live stream last night after we did the the water in the bowl. All right, we're headed to the grocery store. We got our list. We got our jackets. It is like 30ish degrees outside. >> Look at Jackson. >> I want to be the >> Look at all your jackets you got on. >> I still need to plug his car seat in. Like like >> what do you call it? >> Yeah, seat belt. >> Okay, be right back. All right. Look at this little this little cold buddy. >> This way, bud. Oh, you want to get the >> Bud Light and Pop-Tarts? Buy one get one free Lucky Charms. Jackson's asking to try the Lucky Charms, but like I don't What? How do you guys, >> please? >> Why are you giving kids so much sugar in the morning? I don't know. You got chocolate on your head. How did you even do that? Eating a chocolate chip cookie and you're like, I got chocolate on my head. >> Give me a gift. >> No, no, we're good. I guess it's like you get coffee, you get lucky charms. I got a decoder ring and it told me to drink more Ovaltine, but they're out of it. How am I supposed to drink more Ovaltine? >> I don't know what the difference between this and that was. You want to get some You want to get some tinned fish >> from the fish wife? >> I do actually. Yes, I do. >> Oh, what? Really? >> Yeah. This is the one that Oh my goodness gracious. So, I followed This is like a big thing on Instagram right now. >> Oh, dear. >> What do you want to get? >> Spaghettiios with Bulbasaur Spaghettiio. >> Oh, I don't know if you're going to like it, but we can. >> They're pretty tiny tasting. >> We have my Wendy's chili here. >> Oh, yeah. Who knew? >> It's kind of weird. Shout out to Oreo for like coming up with so many different flavors. >> Okay, we're back from the store. We uh >> B the Damax pillow. >> Oh yeah, we did. So, actually one of you guys, Brian, he uh messaged me one day and was like, "I'll be friends with you guys on Pokémon Go so I can give you gifts and then I can help you with, you know, like I don't know. I don't really know how to play it, but >> help us with raids and stuff." >> Yeah. So they they just did a raid. >> The Dynamax. >> He's so excited. >> Five star. >> So you have a five star. >> Your strongest Dynamax. >> It's your strongest Dynamax. >> Uhhuh. >> So that was really awesome. But very exciting part of the day. So yeah. And now Tim is going to go to Dinosaur. So, I got this hat when we went to um they're called American Dance Party, I think, is the name of the uh the shop, but it's like a local shop and they do they sell like super vintage stuff from Disney and they also make like cool shirts and stuff. >> Anyway, I'll link them down below, but that's where we got the hat. And um you're going to go ride dinosaur. >> A kids hat though. It's pretty small. >> Oh, is it a kids hat? >> I feel like it. But I'm going to go ride. I got to leave because the wait time right now is over 4 hours and the park closes in 5 hours. Yeah. >> So, I need to go. >> Hopefully, it doesn't last cuz I know people last night in the live show were saying that they waited less than the posted wait time. >> So, like fingers crossed. I know it's the last day, so who knows? But, um, so yeah. So, you're going to go do that. >> I got these these little electric hand warmers for me cuz it's so cold out. I'm going to have these in my pockets so that I can be >> That's a good move. >> Warm hands. >> Yeah, cuz that that like my nose, we went to the grocery store, my hands and my nose were so cold. >> Yeah. That's my biggest dislike about cold weather is my cold hands. >> Even when I put on gloves, they're cold. >> So >> So do you just put those in your gloves? >> You can put them in your gloves. They're pretty small. >> And they're rechargeable, too. So I can like put plug them into my power bank to charge them back up if they >> Well, you're going to be inside for a lot of the time. >> I know. For I don't know if I get if I can't get on, I'm not going to be inside at all. >> Well, I don't know how like the extended >> goes down there past soup. >> Sorry. I got I'm watching my noodles. I'm making some noodles right now. Um Okay. Okay, we'll have fun. >> Thank you. >> Oh, yeah. >> Catch that dino. Okay, I'll be right back. So, our friends Chris, Charmaine, and Michelle sent us a box from Canada and they sent us these cheeses. This is the very last one. It was like a box of like the snack size cheeses. And I told Jackson he could have. Actually, Daddy told Jackson he could have it. But we were waiting for He's so excited. But I told him he had to wait for when Oliver was napping because Oliver cannot have those. And I don't want him to eat them in front of Oliver cuz that's just like I don't know. That wouldn't be very nice. So, what do you think of your cheeses now that you've you've been patiently waiting to eat them? How are they? >> Good. >> I think they're even better than Cheetos. They're delicious. >> They are much crunchier. >> They are much crunchier. Yeah, I think they're >> Mom, look at the timer. >> So, I got these at the store. These are the Mamo Fukco tingly chili noodles. They have like the Sichuan pepper kind of a sauce on them. So, I got those. I'm making my noodles. I'm going to add my little tingly sauce and I'm going to eat those for lunch. All right, here's a look at my my tingly Sichuan noodles. I've eaten like half of it so far. It definitely has that like tingly kind of mouth feel, but it tastes sweeter than I thought it would. So, when I had Sichuan, we did this like uh food crawl in the Mills 50 area and it was actually really cool. I want to like do that again and find some new places to go to. And actually one of the places we went to specialized in the Sichuan like spiced food and um they it was called Schwanlu Gardens and right Schwanlu Garden I think is what it's called. I'll link the video down below. We had so much fun. It was it was a really cool day. But that place has since closed, renovated, and reopened under a new name. And I don't know what the new name is, but it's like a nicer restaurant, like a fancier kind of a restaurant now. So I'd love to go back there and check it out. But that was the first time that I had like Sichuan food. And the owner came out and gave us like the whole kind of like um history behind the spice and how it was used really for like health and like as a medicinal kind of a thing cuz you would kind of heal yourself from within with the spice with your food. And this doesn't taste like the Sichuan that I had at that restaurant. That was more of almost like a savory spice. This has like a I don't know, like a sweeter almost like that that fivespice flavor, but like just a sweeter kind of a flavor. I don't hate it. I just don't It wasn't what I was expecting. So anyway, there's my review of the tingly noodles from Mama Fukco. Um anyway, I think this is probably where we're going to end it and cuz Oliver's going to be up soon and we're probably going to have to I don't know if we're going to do any like outside play. Normally, we would go outside and like go on a poke walk or, you know, do something outside, but it's still pretty chilly out there. Uh, so I'm not sure. But we got to figure out what we're going to do. Maybe we're going to play a board game. >> Probably play maybe color. I do love to color with them. That's a lot of fun. You want to do a board game? >> Yeah. I Monopoly. >> You want to do Monopoly? Okay, we're going to do Monopoly. That'll probably take the whole rest of the day. You know how Monopoly goes. So, yeah. I think we're going to end it here. So, we'll see you guys tomorrow hopefully with a new video from the closing of Dinosaur. I wish I could have gone, but you know, I've I've definitely ridden it a bunch, so no worries. I can re-watch the videos, but I'm excited to see if Tim's able to film anymore in the park because it's such a long wait. So, stay tuned for tomorrow. But, thank you guys so much for hanging out at home with us and for getting ready for this big freeze with us and um you know, all that fun stuff. So, thanks for hanging out. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
