---
video_id: wPC0ft7nJd0
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "Luau Birthday Date Night At Universal Orlando! | Wantilan Luau At Royal Pacific Resort! Food & Hula!"
published: 2026-03-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPC0ft7nJd0
---
Good evening from Lowe's Royal Pacific here at the Universal Orlando Resort. We're here tonight for the Wantilon Luau. This is something we've done before, but it's been a minute. >> Yeah, it was prekids. It was before kids. It was a long time ago. Um, we had a lot of fun when we went, though, so I'm excited to be here again, seeing if there's anything new, if anything's changed, having delicious food, seeing the amazing entertainment. I'm very excited for tonight. >> Yeah. So, we have to go down to level one and out towards the water to check in. So, let's go. >> We're here with our our frog friends just playing some flutes. >> Yeah, >> you know why? Why not? >> Also wanted to say thank you to Universal for inviting us out to experience this. So, it is at the Lowe's Royal Pacific Hotel and this is the check-in area right here. Also, they have this very beautiful garden outside with elephants in a bathing pool out there. And we are heading towards tower 2 and taking the elevators down to level one. Also, have a look at this woodwork throughout the lobby here. So, I took the elevator down to one and we came outside and I'm pretty sure we're this way. >> I've just been transported to Hawaii. >> I know. I can feel the Hawaiian vibes. >> I love it. >> Welcome. Come on in. >> Thank you. That was amazing. >> Those are for kids, >> are they? They might be their >> They're going to teach you how to do fire dancing. >> Okay. >> Show me how you can fire dance. >> Oh, you're doing great. >> This is exactly how you do it. >> Welcome. Thanks for joining us. >> There you go. >> There you go. See? Oh, she's doing it like >> you got it. >> Only myself once. >> And then push my head together. >> I don't know if you're feeling great. >> There you go. >> This is actually fun. This is very fun. >> He's just like practicing spinning like the fire sticks here. He's going to be the guy that's probably going to be in there doing the fire twirling for us. >> Our lovely instructor, she's really good. She really taught you how to do it. >> She taught me how to do it. And this was the biggest thing I didn't realize is I have to like I'm going a different speed. I have to throw my arms way far out. >> Oh my gosh, that's so scary. This is what if you were watching this in 3D, >> right? And then the other thing was like 3D glasses, kids. >> I can't I don't know how to do that. >> This one. >> Oh gosh, that's dangerous. Dangerous. I'm glad these aren't real fireballs. >> I really liked doing that. It was very like fun to try. Uh I didn't do very good at it, but I tried. All right. So, we finished doing our like practice and like getting ready and then right at 6 they started letting people in. >> I've only ever been to one other lu and they did a similar thing where you could like practice different um activities. I like that they do that. So, if you come with kids, I feel like that's they're going to love those things. >> And this pavilion is called theon pavilion. All right. and they showed us to our table. We're table number one. So, we are kind of like right here in the front looking at the entertainment. All right. So, after they showed us to our table, they said there's a buffet back there. And there's also a kids buffet that anybody can go to. >> I'm excited to see the kids buffet. >> And there's also a whole pig and a uh a bar. And at the bar, you can get beers, wines, and my ties. Those are included in the cost of the luau. >> I'm going to see if they can make any mocktails. Let's go look. Oh man, look at that. >> We're just looking at it. >> Spiced rum and dude pineapple puree. >> Going to show off the desserts first. Pineapple upside down cake. Mini macadamia nut pie. Ooh, dark chocolate papia. All right, so we've gotten to the food line here. I want to show off. They've got just like a mixed green salad, but underneath the name of it, got dairy free, gluten-free, nutree, and vegan. some hearts of palm and citrus and then a ginger soy vinegrett and then ranch. Tropical fruits and minted papaya seed dressing. That sounds amazing. Macadamia crusted goat cheese. Kimchi nappa cabbage sllo and shiakei mushroom. Gluten-free and vegetarian. Lomi lomi chicken salad. Maui onions. Tomatoes. Green scallions. Oo, I'm excited for this. We've got the AI tuna pokey salad. Cellophane noodles. Ginger soy vinegrett, toasted coconut jasmine rice, island spice vegetable medley, and toasted almonds, Hawaiian teriyaki chicken breast. >> You know what? I think I'm going to come back for this cuz I don't have enough. >> Well, I think I I think my eyes were bigger than my eyes were this big. >> Fire grilled tender beef steak with straw mushrooms, bean sprouts, and baby corn. >> Oh, then what's that fish? >> This is just the catch of the day from the Pacific waters. >> Oh, let's see what they got set out for the kids over here. We got a salad, right, with some thousand islands, some ranch, just peanut butter cookies every so many feet, peanut butter and jelly sandwich, macaroni and cheese, chicken fingers. I'm going to get one chicken finger on my plate. >> Our kids would be okay here. They have everything that our kids love. >> Yeah. So, this is definitely, I think, an event that kids could even hold dinner at, you know, >> cuz they also have pizza, both cheese and pepperoni, >> brownies, >> some fruit. Look at these brownies. Look amazing. Chocolate chip cookie. Yes. Let's go. All right. The first thing that I'm going to try of our food is the most exotic thing. >> What is it? >> The chicken tender. It's >> pretty solid chicken tender. Not bad. I also want to try the uh the the pig. Like this is just >> I got some of the pig. >> Oh my gosh. >> How much time can we go back up? >> I think so. Very tender. >> The fish is very good. >> Little bit of chicken here. >> Oh, it's cold. >> The noodles are chilled, too. >> What the chicken was called? >> This this chicken like the chicken salad. Try some of this. Some of the steak. Oh, it's so flavorful. The one thing that we had a question about was, are we going to have enough time to go back up to the buffet and like get enough food and try the dessert and everything? Turns out they let us in at 6:00. The show doesn't start until 7:00. The buffet stays open till 7:30. So, the bar remains open till 7:45 and then dessert stays open until 8:00. So, we've got plenty of time. >> I'm going to I'm going to be going back up there at least three times >> at the show. There's an opportunity to take photos with the performers around 8:00 p.m., too. >> This is all on the back of like our little card that we got that tells us what table we're on. So far, every bit of food that I've tried has been delicious. >> My favorite so far is um the fish and then I put a little bit of the salad dressing on it. The like the sesame ginger miso salad dressing. Very good. Aloha everyone. My name is Aua. I want to say mahalo for coming out tonight to the one. Anyone would like to come up and learn how to do the hoola. There we go. All right. There you go. There you go. Now we're going to add our hands. We're going to make one and two. >> That's quick. That's quick. >> Oh yeah. I don't know. >> You were the best one up there by far. >> I don't know. >> I don't know. I was watching. I could see everybody. You were doing the best. >> I I couldn't tell what side I was supposed to go on and then it was fast. Then you said faster and I said faster. >> What's funny is you were miked up so we could hear you. >> Oh, you could. >> They did inform us that this cup is for us to take home and keep. All right. I got some dessert. Oh, I was excited for this one. The macadamia nut one. >> There was a a cookie on the kid side that looked like chocolate chip, but like giant chocolate chip, like this big, but not I just tried to tap my screen on the actual cookie. I was like, "Focus." But it didn't work. >> But also, I didn't get the pig in my first round cuz I got my second round of food. >> Let's ask the audience. >> The pork is really good. >> Really tender, too. It's so juicy. Like moist, you know, not dry. >> Good pig, as they say. >> Good. Good. Good pig. Bron, >> we're going to try this halpia. Chocolate. Dark chocolate. Help. The flavor is really good, but halia is kind of like a I don't even know how to explain it. If you had tofu and made it taste like chocolate, that's what Yeah. Halpia is very spongy. >> However, they do have a brownie on the kids side. It's giving like cosmic brownie. That's what it looks like to me. >> It's so dense. Oh, that was good. So, for the pricing of this luau, they have on the website they're like it could go up to $135. They don't give a low end of that. So, we just kind of picked a date in March, March 14th, and that price was $114 per person. So, that gives you an idea of the price range. So, for that same date in March, we did kids too cuz kids would be a little bit less. It was 5301 for ages 3 to 9, and anybody under three was free. The event is only on Saturdays. So, if you're going to be here during a Saturday, could be a fun way to spend your evening. >> For sure. You want to You want to eat delicious food, drink delicious drinks, and and hoola up on the stage in front of everybody. >> Learn how to hoola. Come here. >> We are going to get ready to get started really soon. But before we do, we have some very special people in the audience tonight celebrating some very special things. Moving up our 44th birthday. Thank you. >> Happy birthday. >> Our people come from a long line of warriors, voyagers, and story tellers spreading culture throughout the Pacific. This is Polish. Come on this journey with me as I recall fun memories of adventure through this Pacific Island. We are always you Ala, the land of the long white cloud. You know this as New Zealand. We stumbled across a young warrior named Mana. >> Mana demonstrated the whale with his tire. >> The bounty's weapon of choice used in battle. Upon greeting us into the village, >> a koha or offering was presented to see if we came as friends or foes. >> Picking up the leaf means you come in peace. >> Picking up the leaf means you come in peace. The village rejoice in song and dance from Oh, >> my mind. I might say taught us the traditions and the way of life. Everyone is a part of the village. After a long day attending to the cross, we gather to celebrate with each other. Heat. Heat. I need three brave men. >> Three brave soldiers. We have reached the island of Diti. Maya showcases the dexterity of the fast hip movements. I'm doing it. >> All right. So, when I say pa, you will clap one time. Here we go. Are you ready FOR >> SAM? I feel like it's my first day on earth. Heat. Heat. Honor as we close this wonderful and exciting evening. I want a round of applause for our performers and from all of us to all of you. Enjoy your evening at >> We're all lined up waiting to take photos with the dancers. I am It It's remarkably cold out. >> It was chilly tonight. So, it's in the like high 60s, I think. >> Yeah, it's 62, low 60s. >> Low 60s. Yeah, it's a little chilly, but I will say the fire at the end kept me warm. And because it's normally hot here, they just have the fans on just the whole time. >> Yeah, that was kind of a I was like, "Oh, okay." But um but that was a lot of fun. The food was really good. >> Food was delicious. >> I really really actually loved every single food item that I tried. And I tried pretty much all of them. I like that they had a mocktail option. It was like a little like a little punch. So that was cool. We got a little souvenir glass. They did have unlimited beer, wine, and my ties. So if you're into that kind of thing, I think it will make your night even more fun. But I love seeing all the different dances from all of the different islands. And we even got to try some. >> Yeah. >> I didn't do great, but I had I had a good time. I had a good time. >> Uh, also, I like the audience participation. >> Yeah, it was funny. >> I feel like I'm I know we I make YouTube videos, which is weird that I would say that I'm an introvert, but I I don't want to be up there on stage. >> I tried to make him go I tried to make him do it. I was like, "You made me do it. You have to do it." And he said >> no. She wanted me to go up and do the drums. >> He literally told me no. But I was having a panic attack cuz she's like, "Go up there." I was like, "No, no, I don't want to do that." >> But it was so fun. >> I used the videos as an excuse, too. I'm like, "I got to film." >> I could have filmed. >> I know. >> That's what I was saying. I was using it as an excuse. >> Okay. >> But yeah, >> it was great. I think if you also, if you have kids, there were lots of kids that are showing and they were all having a great time. So, I think if you have kids, this is a good thing for you to do with them. It does end. Right now, it's like 8. It ended at 8. >> Yeah. And it's 8:30 right now. Just from like walking from there to here, >> just to give you like a timeline. But I think if you're here and you're especially if you're staying at Royal Pacific, I think you should check it out. >> Yeah, I agree. It was a fantastic time. Wanted to say thank you to Royal Pacific for having us out. And with that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. And now it's time to pay the price.
