---
video_id: rHt__1-pS98
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "WALT DISNEY WORLD VLOG 🌳 Disney's Animal Kingdom, Tusker House & candle making at Disney Springs"
published: 2025-10-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHt__1-pS98
---
I I take me home today. Take me out to play. Take me back into sweet sweet. Good morning from Allstar Sports and we are off to Animal Kingdom today. I've got my lemon dress on. My mom actually made this one and these ears are from Magic Maker ears. They are perfect with this. I will link them below. Thank you for sending them to me. And today we are going to be meeting up with Becky this morning and her husband. So that'll be really nice. We're going to go for a coffee at Nomad Lounge. I don't think you've ever been in Nomad Lounge before. No, I've been to Tiffens. That was back in 2018, though. So yeah, I have been there. It's It was really good, actually. I enjoyed it. But yeah, so I but I've never actually been in Nomad Lounge. Yeah, it's good. is a really good place to stop in Animal Kingdom. We're going to be riding Flight of Passage, doing the safari, Lion King show, general Animal Kingdom wandering, which I absolutely love. And as I mentioned in the previous vlog, this evening, we're going to be going to Disney Springs. We're going to be making a candle, a Bose signature candles. I am so excited about that cuz I love the Bose candles. I like I have used the one that I've had so much I keep on reusing it and I I just need more. I also use the hand cream from Bose. Like I love that cuz I I get to smell like the resorts. They do loads of different resort fragrances and they do the candle making class where you can create your own and they've got their autumn fragrances. So that's what we're going to be doing today. Music and bubbles. [Applause] I do love the music they have in the mornings here. It's cool. I think this is on like Trolls or something. I know it's not Disney, but I think it is. [Music] We were just laughing at my TARDIS bag. This mini bag is like a tiny little cross body, but it's like a double bag. And honestly, I've got in here the umbrella, tripod, phone mount, extra like chargers, power bank, all my makeup, my like it is all in here. This bag just swallows up a crazy amount of stuff. I got it ages ago from Primark. A lot of you guys ask about this bag, but I don't think you can get it now. Oh, this music. I love this. Got beautiful blue skies today, which is what we love. [Music] Hello everyone. and welcome to Kiljaro Safari. Remain fully seated the entire time, keeping those hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle as well. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] That was so good. It was very long though. So, we queued about 40 minutes, maybe just over. It said 30 when we first got there, but it was actually about 40. Yeah, it was about 40 minutes. And then when we were on the attraction, it was over 30 minutes because we had a lot of stopping. There were ostriches in the road, giraffes crossing, but it's very cool because you get to see them then more close up. But yeah, we did stop quite a lot. So overall, it actually took an hour and 10 probably to do that. So just allow time when you're doing the safari cuz that can happen. But it's great. Although that is the longest I've ever had to queue to go on the ride. Yeah, it was quite long. I've never ever had to queue for that long. But it just is what it is though. It's so good. It's one of the best thing you there's no way you can come to Animal Kingdom and not do the safari. We're taking this route to Flight of Passage because when you come from the safari, if you go this back way, it generally is a little bit less busy unless the Lion King show is just finished and then it is crazy. And don't come this way. But generally, um, this actually is better. It takes like the back entrance into Pandora. Oh, it always smells so good coming from Satuli Canteen. What I'll do maybe when we're back later, hopefully I'll remember to do it in this vlog. If not, I'll do it in one of the future ones. I'll let you know what we paid for each of these lightning lanes and for the multipass in the Magic Kingdom. I think we also did a multipass for Hollywood Studios if I remember correctly. Yeah, we did. We did. Yeah. So, I'll let you know the prices of all of those cuz it's just worth knowing and whether we thought it was worth it and all of that kind of thing. Welcome to the Avatar program. Soon you're going to have a chance to undertake an amazing Na'vi ride of passage, flying on the back of this powerful animal called an erron, or as we call it, a banshee. Absolutely loved that as always. Will forever be one of my favorites. It doesn't matter what else comes along. Flight of Passage is just incredible. It's um it's literally like nothing else there, is it? I know there's other 3D rides, but not like that. No, not like that. It's incredible. Absolutely loved it. And now we are off to Nomad Lounge to meet Becky. And I am really looking forward to your coffee. We are so thirsty. We are. It's like 10 to 12. Have you even sipped anything yet? Literally nothing. I had some water back at the room before we left. I did have I did have something at the room, but not since we left the room. Yeah, I haven't had anything. So, we're really thirsty. We just haven't had time. Hi. I know you guys would not forgive me if I didn't get to say hi. We obviously ate churros because having a good time. Yes. Fantastic. You got a few days left? Yeah, only a few more left. Yeah, we're only here for a week, but it's been great so far. Sometimes you just need a little spontaneous week. Vitamin D political reason. But you'll see Becky again in live streams and do those with me, so you'll see again. It's nice to see you in Disney. Bye everyone. That was so great being in Nomad Lounge and getting to see Becky and her husband. We had nice little coffee and churros and everything. I will put in a clip. I did take a clip of the coffee and churros. If you have never done that, do it. The churros at Nomad Lounge are honestly next level good. They're so amazing. and I just had a couple of things to do there. So, I'm just looking for Claire now. And I met some lovely subscribers there. I have met so many of you guys this morning. I think Animal Kingdom is the place to be today. So, to everyone who's come up and said hello, I love chatting to you. Thank you so much. We spoke to another lovely couple earlier. Um, yeah, we just love talking to you. It's amazing. And also, wouldn't it be good to see Kevin? I feel like Kevin has evaded us the last two or three trips. I haven't seen her for so long. So, listen out for Kevin. You know the sound. If you know, you know. I'm just in Discovery Trading looking for Claire and I stumbled into the annual passholder magnet distribution. So, I got this one. This is so cute. I've got several of these from over the years. They do give these away fairly regularly. Why do I always end up immediately in the mug section? I've seen these ones everywhere. These are obviously a new range. Mickey, Minnie, Donald, and Goofy. And these are the Animal Kingdom specific ones. There's this one, which is like a really interesting color. I would say that's like a bronze. Almost looks a bit purpley on camera. And then this one they have had for a while. That's really nice. There's also a zebra one. These seem to be quite popular at the moment. It's almost like a Stanley Cup style thing. And you've got a purse attached to it. And I guess you could fit like, you know, cards, a bit of money, and stuff in there. Not much though. It's pretty small. You can fit maybe headphones in there as well. Look at this Mickey Halloween tea. I haven't seen this before. Mickey's got one of those like skeleton onesies on. And they have this Animal Kingdom t-shirt. That's really nice. And we've got four vibes there. So far, so good. This PopSocket is nice. It's like a really smooth kind of rubbery finish to it rather than shiny. And I feel like although this type of thing can sometimes get a bit dirty, it will clean up, but it doesn't get scratched in the same way. Is this PopSocket brand then? Yes, it is. I am kind of tempted by this. They also have Winnie the Pooh, but he's like plushy. I don't think I've ever seen a plushy PopSocket before. Think I might treat myself to that. If you saw the Target vlog, you will see that we were looking at the Popsockets. And actually, this one is around the same price, like $35, but because I get my annual pass discount, then it will make it a little bit cheaper. So, that will actually definitely be cheaper than these cost in the UK for the Popsocket branded ones. And we've got a Halloween spirit jersey. Got Goofy there as a scarecrow. Minnie and Mickey, Pluto, Chip and Dale, Donald and Daisy. That's really neat, actually. That's what the front looks like. Look at this mini ghost. That's really neat. It lights up. I wonder if it changes color if it's just pink. It looks good when it's not lit up. I still love this anxiety clipon for your bag. It's like a bag charm type thing. Look at this scar headband. That's funny. I should mention as well that I did charge the magic band last night according to the instructions from the lady at guest relations at Epcot and it's now working. It just buzzed when we went past the statue. So, the Cinderella Magic Band lives again. Thank goodness. I was so worried it was broken. Maybe she was your fairy godmother. Here we are. It's time for Tuska House. We're so excited for this. We were supposed to go back in 23 when I was here with my family. We had it booked, but for whatever reason, we didn't make it. So yeah, I'm really excited. I want to see what the place looks like cuz I have no idea from the outside. I think it really really is going to be like quite different. And then obviously the characters are amazing, but I'm actually really looking forward to the food as well. I feel like it's right up my street kind of food. I've done most of the character meals at some point or another and this one was actually one of my favorites. If you remember when I did this in 2023, I practically had the place to myself. So it' be really interesting to see. It's 2:00 p.m. So, it's kind of like a late lunch and definitely earlier than dinner. So, we'll see how many people are in there. And the podium for Tuska House is just back here. So, you do just walk right underneath. You've got the bar on the right hand side and then the podium is here. We needed to sit and wait and we literally barely had our butt on the seat. I don't think I actually sat entirely. No, I think I like touched the seat but not quite flat. You actually didn't totally get your butt on the seat and then our table was ready. So, this is amazing. Oh, I'm going somewhere different this time. They're going to love that. Thank you so much. Thanks, Vicki. [Music] Love that. I'm on the phone now, so hopefully you can hear me. Okay. I just wanted to show you what the main room looks like where you've got the buffet. The theming in here is just really awesome. I love it. There's a lot of options with the food as well. Got curry, corn cakes, potato masala. Then you got meats and cheeses and stuff. Lots of different salad which I'm going to be getting involved in in a minute. Oh, that looks good. There's like a watermelon and cucumber salad with onions and olives. Cla said this couscous is really nice. And then a lentil salad there. In the kids section, they got broccoli, sweet corn, some potatoes, mac and cheese, chicken strips. Then you got rice and chicken curry and a green shrimp curry. More couscous, brazed beef tjine, red red which is African stewed black eyed peas, a spiced cauliflower curry, North African pilow rice, potato curry, cardamom, granola. Then over here they have a carving station with various different meats. They've got meatballs there and pork. Down here they've got salmon, spice rub, rotisserie chicken. And then over here is the desserts. So you got lots of different mini desserts here. We are absolutely loving this experience already. As you can probably hear, it's quite loud in here. It's very busy today compared to when I was here last time and I was virtually the only person there. But it's actually really cute seeing the characters interacting with everybody else as well. You see some really nice moments and it's just really really fun to watch and we've had great interaction already. We've seen all of the characters twice and we've only been here about 30 minutes and you saw earlier they were like dancing around. That was really fun as well. And the food here is really nice. Claire was just saying, I'm sure she'll tell you when she gets back. Um, it's very, very flavorful. So, they've got lots of curries and even the salads and things are flavorful cuz I'm a very plain eater as a lot of you guys will know. I'm not very adventurous with food. Never have been. But all of the salads and everything and the breads and all the things that I would eat are also really flavorful and nice. So, I do love Pusca House. really rate it as a character experience. Compared to a lot of the others that I've done, this one is definitely up there. To be honest, I haven't done any that I didn't like really, apart from Chef Mickey's. I didn't enjoy that one particularly for various reasons. One of which is it feels like you're in a greenhouse because of the windows at the Contemporary. It would depend where you were sat, but I was sat in a really bad spot with the sunlight on me. Cla is back. She's just gone and got some more food. And you're loving the food, aren't you? I am absolutely loving the food. It's I had salad sort of stuff first of all and now I've gone back to get a bit more of the meat and curry. I feel like this is the food you've enjoyed the most since you've been here. Absolutely. Yeah, this is so good. Yeah, definitely. I really think Paul would love the food here. I was just saying that to Cla. So maybe this is something we'll do another time. And he's never done a character meal before, so that could actually be really good. And they do breakfast here as well. So, if this type of food isn't your thing, but you like breakfast, you can come and meet the characters for breakfast, too. So, definitely get this juice though. This juice is amazing. Me and Cla were just talking there and literally every table around us just then left cuz they were all done. The sound just left the room. It is so quiet now. This is what it was like last time I was here. We can now hear each other. Yeah, cuz we were shouting a little bit. It was very loud. I think they might be about to dance again. Goofy's just wandering in and he's like, "Where is everyone? [Applause] Yeah, we were just saying like this experience here, you get so much interaction with the characters compared to other character meals that I've been to or just any experience really. When we did the story book dining last time Cla and I were here over at Wilderness Lodge, with that one, it was quite quick. So, we saw all the characters once and they kind of came along, took a photo and were gone again. And they just come around lots more times. Like, we've seen them all twice already and we still haven't even finished or had dessert or anything. So, probably they will then come around again, but also you saw them there. They're like dancing. They come up to you and like interact while they're doing that. It's just a lot of really good interaction. So, yeah, 100% of a character interaction, I would recommend this place and also Crystal Palace. [Music] Cla has got some dessert. A little bit of dessert, I will say. Yeah, the bread pudding is amazing. But I just said to Victoria, I wish that I could come back in 3 hours when my tummyy's not so full to have it. So, unfortunately, I'm going to miss out on that. But I've got a This was a guava mousse. Let me see if I can turn on this. There we go. So, that was a guava mousse and this was I think this was called like a popped de creme. It looks like a caramel chocolate thing. Yeah. I mean, I'm not sure if that's orange or caramel flavor. So, I'll be able to remain a minute. You've got Goofy behind you as well. Goofy is funny. Goofy has been really funny actually. [Music] It's definitely got a bit of a tart. Okay. Like a sewage. Yeah. I wouldn't say it's um a caramel. It's definitely more of a fruiness. A Thank you. A This has got like coconut at the bottom. He's pushing the chairs in. I think Donald might be waving to Goofy over there. I think he's trying to get Goofy's attention. This is what happens though. if you're here around 300 p.m. So, we got here at 2:00 and it was still very busy, but 3:00 p.m. now is quiet and dried down. And this is the time, now I think about it, that I was here. The last time was 3:00. Okay. And by the time it gets to this time, the characters are literally just here all the time, aren't they? We've seen them all like I don't know how many times entertaining us over and over again. They're being really funny. Yeah, they are. So, it's really really good. It's Donald again. Okay, it's just coming up 4:00, so we are going to head into Festival of the Lion King because it's right here by Tuska House. We've just got out of there. Absolutely love that experience. It is so amazing. And now we're going to see the show. I've missed this the last few times and so is Claire. So, we're really excited to see this. And then after that, it's going to be time to make our way to Disney Springs for candle making, which I loved last time. I'm really excited for this. I am, too. Yeah. We just got in here right at the last minute, like 5 minutes before, and we're right up front. And I've never ever sat right here on the floor pretty much. So, this is going to be a different experience. We do. We're not like literally right at the front, but almost right at the front. Like, we're going to have such a good view. Yeah, this is so cool. I've always been sat towards the back, so it's a really big like theater as well. You can see all the way around. I've never had this kind of low down floor perspective before, so that'll be interesting. We are here today to welcome you one and all to the festival of the Lion King. [Music] [Music] He will never forget. Everyone, arm in the air and on the counts of three, let's trumpet triumphant. 1 2 3. A mighty packer. Who's thrive with this thing? I'm glad you could make it. We can't have this celebration without you. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] dream for the merious sky. Meticulous planning, tenacity studies, decades of denial. simply why I became the skilled respected saluted and seen [Music] all the living. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Here we go again. [Music] [Applause] again. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] That was incredible. It was so good. Like literally, you just said, didn't you, that's like maybe one of the best things. Like just completely one of the best things. I would prioritize that virtually over everything. It's so good. And you forget how good it is until you watch it again and then you're just like, "Wow." It's like the the colors like every single person that comes out and there's a lot of people, isn't there, that are like part of the performers, they're just their dancing is so good. Like the acrobatics are amazing. And the guy that spins the fire, like how does he do that? He's amazing. It is incredible. And I just I love anything like that where you're just watching such incredibly talented people. Yeah, it's it is literally like you are going to the West End. It is that good a um quality, isn't it? It's so good. And I've actually come out of West End shows not having enjoyed it quite as much as that. It's just so high energy the whole way through. It's not too long as well. And they get you involved. Well, I sang throughout the whole bit to be honest. So, now we're going to go to Disney Springs cuz it is going to take a minute to get there. We need to go probably to Riviera on a bus, then from Riviera to Springs cuz there isn't a direct bus from the parks to Springs and we don't want to be late for our appointment to make a candle cuz I'm very excited. Definitely not. Yeah. So, we will be back here later in the trip though cuz we want to do Na'vi River Journey. We didn't cover a lot of the other Yeah. We didn't go to Asia at all, did we? Yeah. So, we need to come back. We've arrived at Disney Springs. So, they've got security here now. So, you have to go through that. That's not been the case for a while. Not at this location. Anyway, we're just on our way to Bose's Candles to do this candle making class. Look at these sweatshirts. This inside out one I love. Then there's Simba. I love that inside out one. Okay, here we are. It's right opposite Summer House on the Lake. I loved this last time, so I'm really excited to see their awesome range. We're just getting organized and CLA's doing the waiver. You just have to sign a little waiver to just acknowledge that you're working with hot wax and all of that kind of thing. And after we've done this, I'll give you the details on how much it is and how you book it. But we're very excited. I love doing stuff like this. Yeah, me too. If you're like crafty, you're a fan of doing things like that or you just want something completely different to do at Disney Springs, this is a really good option. And also, you just get to like sit in a beautiful smell. Yeah, it smells so good in here. They have so many different fragrances. They were just showing us some of them as we walked in. And I'm definitely going to get the Was it Clover? Yeah, there's one that's called Clover and it totally smells like the resort lobbies. And there's Resort Signature, which I already have, which really smells like the Riviera. And there's a little test that we do just to make sure that it's very firm. What we'll do is that we'll lift both of the the both the sticks up. Yep. Okay. It seems very firm, too, right? Yeah. Oh, man. Look at that. Looking good there. I feel very sciency. Yes. Yes. It's going to be only for this part. So, you know, don't trick or treat by itself. Oh, that's nice, too. Yes. Oh, that does smell like sweets. Like um that smells like fizzes that we were talking about the other day. It's candy. Yeah, candy. Yeah. If you squeeze both of them together, you would get this kind of Oh, yeah. That is nice. But yeah, that's nice. But I promise you guys, you'll be you'll be making better ones. This is a smile combo. I do actually really like both of those together. That's good. We talk all the time about Disney smells and like having Disney smells at home. This is just like ideal for that. So, now we got to pick up to three. You can mix up to three. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Oh, that smells like um caramel or coffee or something. That's very like um watery. I do actually really like broomstick and trickle treat together. I think it was Yeah, broomstick I think is my favorite one. All of those oils should equal to this ounce line right here. However, if you're mixing two, you can either go Yeah. halfway or you can put a little bit of each and see which one you kind of prefer and then you can go on from there. Yeah. And it gives you a lot more freedom. Of course. I might do half and half up to there. Don't drink it. Oh no. That really smells like something I've had to drink since we've been here. That is a great drink. I just can't think exactly what it is. Well, where have we been? What What about that pear thing you had the other day? It could have been. That was an animal kingdom. I love that. I'm really really happy with that one. I could almost do my nails. Yeah, you could. Yeah, you could do. You sure can. I'm probably gonna do the same type of thing that I did last time, but with like four colors, cuz that one came out okay. I I was pretty pleased with that. Does that look like a pumpkin? Yeah, it does. Okay, just get my fan out. Yeah, you could try it. That's actually a legitimate technique. Speed up the process. You can tell it's obviously strong cuz it's just blown all the pens off. Yeah, those easy fans are honestly very strong. They have so many uses. They really do. They're honestly the best. Just get one. Trust me. Well, cuz I did one of these um in the spring. So, I've gone for this kind of same design but in autumn colors. I was going to do a ghost and stuff. I was like that that could be complicated. Let's not do that. I'm no artist. So, see how we're looking. I'm pretty happy with that. Basically the same as the last one, but with like an autumn fall design. And I think I'm going to go like pale orange for the color of the candle that it's very autuminal. That does look really good. Love it. Pretty. Amazing. I'll just put just a tad bit. You know, tad bit won't hurt anything. I think that's very light actually, but still. We'll do very light first. I think that looks really quite good now. Yes. Yeah, I think that one might need maybe a little bit more. Yeah, I think you need more. This is what it will look like. But obviously at the moment it looks a lot darker. Oh, look there. It's starting to dry like set already. You can see and CLA's looks really dark purple at the moment, but it'll be pale. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. Yeah. Thank you so much. So, how much does it cost to do? So, it's going to be $30 per candle. Oh, perfect. you get a chance to decorate your jar. You can also make your own color and make your own scent. Amazing. And do people have to book or can they just walk in or So there's a there's both ways you can do them. In my opinion, making a reservation is the best way so that you can always have space. Great. Um you can always risk it and come in. We always take walk-ins, so as long as there's space, they'll let you guys in. Okay. And can people book online or do they call up or you can give us a call or you can find our number online as well at.com. Yeah. Amazing. Thank you so much. Thank you. My pleasure. So, just stepped out of the candle store. We need to wait about 20 minutes to come back. I did buy myself some stuff as well. Look at the sky out here. This is absolutely beautiful. We just kind of stepped outside to it. I love the Florida sky. Honestly, I've been waiting to see this pink peachy colored sky since we got here. I've just come around the back of Summer House on the Lake to see this look. Oh my goodness. Beautiful. Claire is running. How pretty. I know. It's amazing, isn't it? I love it. It's so nice just sitting here at Disney Springs. Such an amazing breeze, this beautiful sky. So, I thought you guys could sit here, too. I'm going to put you right here. And you can also just sit and take it all in. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] So, we're all done now picking up our candles. We've just done that and we're going to go into We're pretty tired at this point. Maybe slightly bordering on Delirious. We're going to go into Disney style, though, because those jumpers and things we saw on the way past or sweatshirts if you're in the US. We call them jumpers in the UK. It's a very British word, a jumper. Let me just go and put my jumper on. do want to take a look at them because they look really nice. Yeah. Look, these are the other ones. These are the ones that I've seen already. I saw the daisy one at that one is nice. Oh, they got a marie. Yeah, I love that. I saw this one in the window. This looks like it's a special brand. So, Stony Clover, I've never really heard of it. Is $99. It's kind of pricey, but I do love it. These bags are really nice, too. I just love this design. They are quite cool. Yeah, that jacket's very cute. And a nice brown. That's expensive. And yeah. Is there anything on the back? Oh, that's actually really cool. That one is $199. $200. That's kind of pricey. And to be fair, I would only ever wear this at Disney World, but I do love it. This is really different as well. It looks like a kind of racing style jacket. It's got all four parks at the top there. It's like a cropped jacket. They also have these fluffy jumpers for Minnie and Daisy and Donald. [Music] I do love that because it looks like the kind of jumper your nan might have knitted you when you were younger, like with the pattern knitting patterns that you could get. But I kind of like that about it. These are the ones that we could see earlier. I love the inside out one. It is gray, which is not my favorite color, but I do really like it. Oh, look at the back. Oh my goodness. It is $59.99. [Music] That really is a nice quite thin fabric. Oh, I'm really tempted by that. Because we are coming back here on our final day, I may live to regret this, but I am going to think about it. I know you're all probably screaming thinking, "Get it if you really want it cuz it might not be there in your size." But I am going to chance it. If it's still here on our last day, then it's meant to be. Should I put them on? Yeah. Oh, the tail nearly hit you in the face. [Music] Do I look like Eel? I feel like you would need the Eeyore t-shirt or some kind of other Eeyore, you know, apparel to make those ears work on their own. They're quite Yeah. See that? See that? That works better if you have the t-shirt on. If you just have the ears, it's very random. Like with your kind of jungle print floral dress, it's a bit of an odd choice. They have this shirt as well. I would say this is a shacket because it's thicker than a shirt but more shirty than jackety. They have some really unique stuff in here actually. And there's Pooh again. Scared of his shadow over there. Yeah, we saw this one in the Magic Kingdom. Pooh Bear afraid of his shadow. I just think that is very cute. A and he is Oh, bless him. Look at his first. It's quite good, isn't it? Yeah. I love that. You got it, sweet cakes. No more talking, singing. And they've got this cardi with the pumpkin micy's on. Look at this dress, too. This is really cute. Okay, we are going to head back now. We've done quite a lot today. We did Tuska House. We did the candle making. And we're just going to head back and get ourselves ready for bed. We're quite tired. And tomorrow we are going to Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween party. Yay. We're so excited for that. We loved it last year. And I really, really, really want Cla to see the full parade. Yeah. Yeah. So do I. That is like the the Halloween party is the thing that I've probably thought about the most about coming on this holiday. So I am really looking forward to it. And we'll have like um we're going to start later as well, aren't we? We're not going to like get there until like 12ish maybe maybe even after that. I've been there till like 1:30 in the morning before. So we'll start a little bit later, but we do have also like a late lunch, early dinner at Crystal Palace. So we'll be seeing the Winnie the Pooh characters and then the Halloween party. So, next week's vlog will be a really good one. So, don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already. I was really, really, really enjoying doing these vlogs, experiencing everything, sharing it with you, meeting such a good holiday. Yeah. And we're meeting so many so many. Yeah. Like, I don't I do not know how many people we met today, but it was a lot. And all of you were so lovely and we love talking to you. So, thank you so much to everyone who comes up to say hi. Thank you for taking the time out of your day to watch this vlog. I really do appreciate it more than you know. and everything that you guys do, liking, commenting, subscribing. All of you when you come up in the parks, just say how much you love the vlogs and that is why I do them and I just absolutely love it. So, thank you and I hope you're all having a great week and we will see you next Saturday for Mickey's going. Bye. There you are. See? And there's my little girl. She's bouncing around. Very happy to see you. And that's my son coming along as well. So yeah, I will remember that forever. Ah, thank you so much. Oh, we love you. [Music]
