---
video_id: vR8MPWAd_aI
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "DISNEYLAND PARIS CHRISTMAS VLOG 2025 ✨ Mickey's Dazzling Christmas parade & lots of snacks!"
published: 2025-11-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vR8MPWAd_aI
---
I I [Music] take me home today. Take me out. Take me back into sweet. Good morning everyone. Welcome to a brand new Disney and detail vlog. And this time we are somewhere different. We're at Disneyland Paris. I know. I've never been here before, you know. So, I'm looking forward to this. I haven't been for a couple of years. I think it was probably 2023 and I've only ever been twice. So, for me, this is a bit new with planning cuz the first trip Becky planned that we did in 2019. Then, I did a press trip I was kindly invited on. So, this is the first time I have planned the trip, which has been really exciting actually. So, if anyone's watching this for the first time, if you've just happened upon this video, hello and welcome. I'm Victoria and this is Paul. Hi. Um, I've been going to the Disney parks for years and years. Um, 23 years in total. Mostly Walt Disney World as I said, but also I have been to Disneyland Paris and um, California and also Tokyo as well. And this is my third ever Disneyland Paris trip. And we're staying off site this time. We are actually in the Adagio SIS Valdi Europe. So, it's an off-site hotel close to the Disney parks. And it's really nice actually, isn't it? This room is great. It's lovely. It is really lovely. What I will say though is that if you're going to be getting a buzz from the train station to here, be careful what you say to the bus drivers cuz we did land up somewhere else. Yeah, we got a bit lost on the way to the hotel. Um, like I say, I've never stayed in Northite hotel before, so we ended up on a what I think was a public bus rather than a Disney bus. We ended up at the Vald Europe shopping center, and then we had to walk over, but it's fine. It's actually only like a 10-minute walk from the shopping center to here. There's a really nice petissery just down the road and I will insert some footage in a minute of this room because I did a little room tour when we arrived. Um, but this is our first morning. So, we're off to Disneyland Park this morning to experience all the Christmas stuff and we can't wait, can we? Looking forward to it. Looking forward to seeing all the Christmas stuff and and obviously I'm new to all this like anyway. Full stop. You know, I've been to Florida once and now I'm at Paris for the first time. So, yeah, I'm just looking forward to the whole lot really. It's such a beautiful time of year in any of the Disney parks and to see it for the first time at Christmas I think is going to be amazing and I've never seen it at this time of year. I've only ever been at the end of January before. So seeing it all at Christmas is new to me. There's going to be a parade. I hear the parade is absolutely amazing. We're going to be doing a full day today. So looking forward to it. Yeah. So come along with us. We've got my ears ready. I'm going to get those on as soon as we get there and just can't wait for a day in the park. So if you're not already subscribed, please do. There's going to be multiple vlogs from this trip and then I'm going to be back in Walt Disney World in January. But should we go? Let's get going. We've just come down to get the bus to the parks. There is a free bus from this hotel. The hotel is just over here, the entrance. You actually have to cross the road and just come down here to get the bus. So, the stop is not right outside. Apparently, at some points in the day, you actually do catch it outside the hotel, but first thing in the morning, you have to come over here. So, just thought I'd point that out so you don't end up in the wrong place. There is actually a sign here that says Adagio, you are in the right place with a bus on it. So, we needed that. Yeah, we needed that sign. And while we're waiting for this bus or actually doing the bus journey, I will put in the footage of the room so you can see that. And the next time you'll see us, hopefully we will be walking towards the park cuz I'm so excited. So, this is the room. We've just arrived. So, I'm filming this as soon as we've got here before we mess anything up so you can see it exactly how it looks. This is the bathroom, which is significantly bigger than the one we just had in the hotel we stayed in in the center of Paris that had the tiniest bathroom I've ever seen. But this is really nice. There is a bath as well. Nice sink area there with extra towels. And then if you come out here, there is a wardrobe and a dustpan as well in case you need to clean up a bit. That seems funny, but actually when you have these wooden floors, if you're staying here for several nights, you can get like just hair and bits and it's not very nice to walk around on. So, it's good to have that dust pan and brush because you can give it a little sweep every day just to keep it clean. Then got the bed in here. And it is a smalish room, but it's perfectly fine for what we need. And like I say, the one we just had in Paris was quite small, isn't it? Got some nice artwork there. Then coming around to here, it has a little kitchen area. There's even a dishwasher in here, which is really neat. So, what have we got there? Dishwasher in the middle. And I'm guessing a fridge maybe here on the left. Yep. quite a big size refrigerator as well. You have a hob, so you can actually do some cooking. I don't think we're going to be doing any cooking, but you can. And a coffee machine there. I don't think there's a kettle though for tea, is there? There's no kettle for tea. No. So, that's one thing we don't have. There's a toaster up the top there. Okay. And then plates and stuff in there. The other thing is is that there's no pods. Oh, okay. Maybe you have to buy some. Then over here you've got a small table and a desk. Got a phone there and then the TV. And there is also another chair which I'm very thankful for because I do like there to be a second chair if there's two of you in the room. So if you were eating, you could pull both chairs up to that little round table. This is the view we have. There is a swimming pool. I don't believe that that is in use at the moment. It is entirely too cold. And she did say there's like a fitness center, but she specifically didn't mention a swimming pool cuz it's November. So, we're not going to be wanting to go in there anyway. Oh my gosh, look at this. The hotel is so beautiful. That's the Disneyland Hotel. You can actually see into the park from that hotel. It's their flagship one. Quite pricey, I would imagine. That hotel looks absolutely beautiful. It's just stunning. And they've had a refurbishment which was very lengthy. It was actually closed for a little while. This park is known for being one of the most beautiful. Like when you see the castle, it's a bit different as well. And uh it is lovely. And there's a dragon. Dragon in the castle. You can go in. We'll have to see that. We've got to see that. Suddenly very excited by that idea. I like that kind of stuff. I am loving this music. This is so good. I love Monsters Inc. so much. One day we will stay here. We have to. It's just so beautiful. And I have heard that you can get a clock which is like this. You can actually buy yourself a clock to have at home. And Paul has been saying since we moved in together that we need a clock. Have you not? I have. So that would be a pretty good one, wouldn't it? That' be a compromise for our living room because I've said we don't need one. That's right. But maybe we need that one. Look at that. That's Mickey. Oh, is Mickey up there. Mickey's up there. A there he is. Love that Mickey's there to greet you as soon as you come in. So, we've just been into City Hall to pick up our tickets and I just want to take this opportunity to say a huge huge thank you to the Disney team who have very, very kindly provided us with park admission. Thank you so so much. really honestly. They've provided us with park admission and the premier access ultimate for our days in the parks because it's Paul's first time. So, a massive thank you to Disney for that. We really, really are so grateful. I mean, flip the camera aim, bab. I mean, look at that. Paul is just in wonder at this point at the uh park entrance. Yeah. I mean, look, even the old police officers look even. We want to try and get to everything as much as we can over the next few days. So, huge thank you to Disney for that. And as you walk in here, if you are used to Walt Disney World, it is very familiar. Obviously, huge tree there and the main street vehicles and the shops and everything, the emporium here. So, this all does look very similar. One thing that is quite different though is the castle. The castle in Paris is known for being extremely beautiful and it really, really is. Let's just round this corner and you are going to see it. There it is. [Music] I love hearing people's reactions. Listening to people as they walk in was absolutely amazing. I could just sit here all day. Just people watch. Yeah. I'll zoom in a bit, but we will get much closer so you can see it. But there we go. And we've got some snow here. Wow. Paul's so happy. He loves He loves Christmas. I am literally in my element. This is amazing. Our first moment walking in to Main Street and we've got the snow. This is so good. [Music] [Applause] Just about to make a plan for our uh first thing that we're going to do. But we got completely swept up in like a Christmas moment there. And what we're doing is we're just walking up and down this street all day. Yeah. Starting to see the castle a bit closer up now. Really is very pretty. Just heading this back way towards Fantasy Land, which is going to be our first destination today. Just in front of us here is restaurant Bellote, which is where they do the Mickeyshaped pizza. We are going to be eating there later today. Actually never got round to that the last couple of times I was here. And I did ask for recommendations from you guys, and lots of you recommended the pizza. You can see Small World just coming up here on the right. Both here and in Tokyo and probably some of the other parks as well. It looks so impressive from the outside. the one in Florida. You kind of can't see anything from the outside of it, but look at that. Soon as we've had a drink, we'll be back to do this. There's a few kiosks here. Hopefully, we'll be able to get some coffee. But look at all of these sweet treats. They have these candy apples, strawberries on a stick coated in chocolate. Oh my gosh. And marshmallows. I'm getting that later. Yeah, these here look like those foamy strawberries that you Yeah, they do. We don't have our coffee yet. We are having our first taste of trash can dining, which does happen. There's no tables. I've put the the napkin down, so we're good. And Paul has got the duck breast and cheese gallette and rockets. And I've got the Nutella crepe. We just had to get a crepe. And we're going to grab some coffee in a second. Some of those kiosks don't actually do coffee, but they had various things. No. Yeah. But it looks nice. It smells good. Yeah. The total cost was €13.50. So, as well as the crepes over at these kiosks here, they had pretzels. There was also waffles, wasn't there? Then those sweet treats that we showed. Sorry, I'm sitting in the face. He's already started. There's some mold wine there as well. Um, there was one other thing that they had. What was it that you went to have a look at? Salami. Salami like in a cone they had as well. Yeah. So, those were the options of these little kiosks here. It's a whole meal um pancake. Buckwheat gallette I think it said. You probably haven't got any of the duck yet cuz it's usually like in the middle. Good. So good. Yeah. Okay. First taste of the Disneyland Paris crepe. And I've got loads of Nutella on this bit. You just can't beat an Intella crepe. Becky and I got really into these. We had a lot of these when we were here last time. So, on this trip, we're going to rate everything that we eat out of 10. I'm going to give the crepe a seven. That seems like it might be a little bit low cuz I do love them, but I don't want to go in too high, right? No, I'm going to give my one again about a seven. And we're going to go on Small World right now since we're right here. So, the coffee will have to wait. We'll find some shortly. And just to show you here, the Premier Access Ultimate is um accessed through your phone. You link it up and you can just use it in the Disneyland Paris app. You just tap that and it shows you your QR code and you scan it at the entrance to the attractions. I love the SW World starts outside here. It's just very different. Slinky. Yeah. [Music] Oh, Blinky Hippo. Isn't that Blinky? That's special just for Florida. Oh, we got Sassy Gator on this one. guitar playing cactus who is joined by a ukulele playing donkey in this one. [Music] [Music] Love a bit of Small World to start the day though. That was so good, wasn't it? Yeah, I love it. It's like I said, you know, somewhere where you've come in, you've got all the hype of what you've just walked through. Yeah. You need that little bit of a calm day. Yeah. So, it's a good place to go for that. Really? It is. And it was nice that there's some different stuff from the Florida one cuz I see that one so often. And I think now we're going to head into Toad Hall. We're just going to get a coffee. We have to go and visit Toad Hall. Mr. Toad is my absolute favorite character, as many of you will know. Um, so we need to go in there, even if it's just to get a drink. Look how good Toad Hall looks. I think we're a little bit keen. There might be about 8 minutes until it opens. As a Mr. Toad fan, this is like the ultimate that they have Toad Hall here. They don't have this in Disney World, and I really wish they did. And they don't have the attraction in Disney World anymore. They used to. Mr. Toad's Wild Ride is in California. They still have it. Oh, they got their Christmas decorations up, too. Oh, wow. It's so cool. I love it. This looks like a very clean English pub. It does. Definitely getting English pub vibes. Here you can get fish and chips, crispy plant-based bites, which are like veggie nuggets, salads, um, and they got a vegan salad as well. They have squid fritters and fries. Look at these on the floor. Little Mr. Toad heads. I love that. They have fancy seats in here. got our coffee. And this is actually a really nice place just to get a coffee cuz they're in proper cups. You can sit down. Was it hot? We did get some fries as well cuz we kind of wanted to see what they were like and see if we didn't want to eat a full meal or anything. We were just sharing some fries. They're very fresh cuz it's just opened. So, they're like boiling hot. We've not had one bad cup of coffee since we've been here. No, actually the coffee has been good everywhere. It is stronger sometimes here than you know, but you get less, don't you? Yeah, there's less of it, but I think there's just less milk, which is a good thing, probably. And we're just going to make a plan of action for our next attraction where we have this coffee. Let's have a look in the app. You can check the app to see wait time. Same as in Disney World, you can check um which restaurants are around, where things are. It works very much in the same way. I forgot to mention what I'm wearing today as well. So, you will see I have my Merry Magic um Christmas sweater on. This is from Magic Maker Ears. It's very kindly sent to me. And I also have my Orbit Key Urban Sling bag. I am obsessed with cross body bags since I did my last trip just for vlogging. It is so much easier being able to grab things, put my camera in there, and I don't have to keep taking the backpack off or like a shoulder bag which keeps falling off. So, I love these cross bodies, and this one is so good. It actually takes loads of stuff. It doesn't look all that big, but the amount of stuff that I got in here is crazy. There's all sorts of different pockets. Oh, and I put Spice in here as well. This is Catherine's character. Jingy, I couldn't find it last minute. So, Spice is with us on this trip. I'm going to hang her on the bag in a second. And Paul has got the Donald Duck one that he's using today. And it's got Donald's little tail on there. Absolutely love it. But they're such good quality. Really, really um like sturdy. You can feel the zips are very, very strong as well. Absolutely amazing. So, thank you so much for sending these to us and I will link them below. Back to the plan of action. Obviously, we already established that Buzz Lightyear is under refurbishment. I've got a feeling that Phantom Manor is as well. It is showing as closed. Um, and it doesn't look as if it's just temporarily down. I think it might actually be closed for refurbishment, which is such a bummer because it's my absolute favorite. While we're here in Fantasy Land, I think we will probably do um Peter Pan. Then, Pirates is right next door. So, maybe Peter Pan and Pirates next. They're all done in there. And I was in Mr. Toad heaven with all that artwork. I took loads of photos. There were tons that I would have just absolutely loved to have up on my wall at home. And since we're right here next to Peter Pan's flights, I think we're going to do that next. Their ships have got two rows here in Paris. In Florida, it's just one. [Music] [Music] That was so good, wasn't it? And we didn't do that in Florida, so that was your first time. No, that was actually really, really good. But yeah, you actually feel like you're going over London. Yeah, it's cute, isn't it? I love that. It's really nice. It is really nice. I love it. Well, we're on a roll. We're going to go straight on to Pirates of the Caribbean. And this one, if I remember correctly, is longer than the Disney World version. There's a few more scenes in it. As you can see, you scan it slightly differently here. So, you put your phone underneath the thing and you don't tap it like you do in Disney World. Don't ask me how I know that because yes, I embarrassingly was trying to tap it earlier and I was like, "Nothing's happening." And then I was like, "Oh, okay." You put it underneath. So, that was a bit of a fail on my part. Paul enjoyed it though. He thought it was funny. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] She work. [Music] [Music] That was so good. I loved it. This pirates is so much longer than the one in Florida. There's a lot more at the beginning before you get into the main part of the ride. Just different scenes. I love the like ghosty pirate at the end. Absolutely loved that. That's my favorite thing I've done so far. Definitely. And we're just having a little browse around the store here. They have Phantom Manor, Big Thunder Mountain, Tower of Terror, and Pirates. These are actually really nice. These would be a lovely gift for a Disney fan. I feel like these would be good for Becky, but they're quite small. She's a big mug person, so they're probably a bit small, but I really like those. Got some Jack Skellington stuff. You said you needed a thicker coat. I'd wear that. Yeah, I believe you. I think you would actually. And they have Jack here. Oh, look at his legs. And they also have Santa Jack. This is really cool. That's actually really nice. Just the Jack and Sally. The way that her hair is kind of makes a heart. I really like that. I'm not sure about wearing that to work or are you sure? Ever for that. Josh, if you get to watch it, just have let me know what you think. And they have these Jack ears, but they're like a holographic kind of shimmer. They're really nice. Now, those are some funky socks. I would wear them. There's a lot going on here. Got Jack there. We have some bats. I feel like they'd be a little bit challenging to wear. They're not dayto-day socks, let's be real. Oh, yeah. I'd wear them to work. And some of you might remember from Mine and Becky's trip, Captain Jack was walking to do a meet and greet over by the big pirate ship and Becky literally chased him down. She is a big Captain Jack fan. I'll link that vlog below if anybody wants to watch that. We were hoping to do the Pinocchio attraction as well, but that is currently closed. I think it's down for refurbishment along with Phantom Mana and Buzz. Sometimes at this time of year, um whether it's like November, December, January, February off kind of season. I guess they do put things down for refurbishment rather than in the summer, which totally makes sense. And speaking of the pirate ship, look, here it is. Got Jeie doing a meet and greet over here. Just checking out some of the snacks as we go past. And this place has some Christmy biscuits. Minnie's jingle bread biscuit or Mickey's ginger jingle bread. I can't say that properly. And then they have a Christmas cupcake. You can also get waffle. Are they waffles? Looks like. Yeah. Mini Mickey waffles. Next up, we're just going to see if we can ride the boat or sail on the boat, I should say. The paddle boat cuz Paul really wants to do that. He was very upset about that. I missed I missed the one in Florida, didn't I? Yeah. And it's closed for good now. I was absolutely devastated. So, like let's He actually really was. So, let's try and do this one. Oh my gosh, I love these ear muffs. I've got ears on. Can you model this? Nice. Oh, no. Not another one. I mean, I'm really not I'm even more unsure of as a combo with those two, but these would be really good if you're watching like the fireworks and parades at nighttime and get chilly. Yeah, they'd be really good. They've got ones with bows on as well. And you can get scarves and gloves and things like that as well. So if you have forgotten to bring things like that and you're cold. We're on the approach to Big Thunder Mountain. We'll definitely be doing that one maybe after lunch. Becky and I loved this. It's a little bit longer again, I think, than the Florida one, but this is the best version of Big Thunder Mountain in my opinion. I love it. This is such a great view as you're approaching here because you have Bantam Manor in the background. Then we have the boat, and then you have Big Thunder Mountain right here as well. I'm so sad about Phantom Manor. I can't even tell you. Look how good it looks. That was good timing. We got on just as this one had let off the other people. And look at the manor there. Get a closer look now. Let's zoom in. It's so awesome. It actually looks really creepy from the outside. I would say the one in Disney World looks a little bit more posh looking. This one looks dead creepy and like a real rickety old mansion. And all of the Disney parks throughout the world have their own version. So they're all called something slightly different. It's one of my favorite things ever. The old Ravenwood mansion. I heard it was hard to churn up. I might just wander over things. We're just on our way to get lunch and we're going to the Cocoa restaurant to get burritos. But we just saw somebody with some loaded nachos which look really nice. That sounds nice. That's got beef on it though, right? Yeah. Tomatoes, onions, coriander, and guacamole. And the other one's bacon sauce and cheese. We have our food finally. I will say that took quite some time. How long do you think that was? Probably about half an hour. Yeah, about half an hour. It was about half an hour just to queue up to get food. I did try and do the click and collect, but when I clicked on that, it just said it was closed, which it obviously isn't, so I don't know what was going on there. But anyway, Paul has a burrito. This is something that you guys recommended to us. I had so many comments when I asked about quick service. Everyone said, "Come here for a burrito." He's got the chicken one, but no guac cuz he is not a guac fan. No, I'm not a fan of avocado. We did also get ourselves these nachos which were outside at the kiosk. The guac is on the side. You can see it down there at the end. Um so hopefully that will be all right for you. You can just eat around that. I got myself some onion rings as well. But Paul's having the burrito cuz I'm not a fan of them. Tuck in. I'm always confused what end of burrito. Yeah, I'm never sure about that. I don't know if there's a right or wrong end. And I should mention they were happy to do the um burrito without the guac. So you could have got it without any of the components. I think looks really full. Tastes amazing so far. Spicy. No. Loads of you guys actually mentioned the burritos here. That was one of the most recommended things. I'm going to try one of these nachos from outside. They've probably gone a bit soggy now because they've got tomato on. And there is a sauce which I think might be a little spicy. It's got a little kick to it afterwards. Um, so if you don't like spicy food at all, then maybe don't get these. Yeah, it's like a slightly spicy nacho sauce. But it's just good actually. All in all, it's quite nice, isn't it? Yeah, you could you could have got these with different toppings on. They did have ones with beef on, but obviously I don't like that, so we got these. Onion rings are huge. Sorry. Yeah. Look at the size of this onion ring. This is like scary big. They're good, too. What would you give your burrito out of 10? A size another seven. Uhhuh. Yeah. I'm going to give the nachos, and I will have put a picture in, by the way, to show you what they look like. I'm going to give these a six, maybe a 6.5. No, a six. Let's not get too carried away. I'm saving the high scores for something that's really like blows me away. So, new plan. We are actually over by the hub again now because the Christmas parade is in about 25 minutes and we figured we would try and catch the first one. It just gives us some more options later on of what we're doing. And I figure maybe the second one might be busier, but I don't know. I think they'll probably both be equally as busy cuz apparently this parade is absolutely beautiful. And tonight we were potentially going to stay for the fireworks show, but when me and Paul were talking about it when we were eating there, we got out first thing this morning. We were up at I think like 6, something like that. So staying till 10 for the um firework show and then obviously you'll be here a lot later than that by the time it's done and you get back. I think that's going to be too much for one day. So this vlog is going to have the Christmas parade in it. And then our next day in Disneyland Park, which will be not the next vlog, but the one after, we'll have the evening show and we'll start a bit later that morning cuz it can just be too much if you're trying to do all day long. It's just a lot. You get very tired. do. There's a lot to do. If you're coming to these kind of places, don't come just for one day. You need to come for several days. We need a few days definitely cuz there is so much going on and we haven't even done the other park yet. So, that's tomorrow. Look at that. Where the light is hitting it and the cloud has all gone. It was really gray and rainy this morning and now we've got this absolutely beautiful sky. This is stunning. [Music] David [Music] Christmas. Oh yeah. [Music] A Christmas tree just for you. A holiday of fantasy. A holiday of fun. Surprise. [Music] Christmas. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Christmas. [Music] [Applause] Oh my goodness, that was so good, wasn't it? It was absolutely amazing. Yeah, it was really good. I'd heard good things about that parade and someone actually let me kind of sit down next to them. There was a little gap and they were kind of like, "Oh, come sit here." So, I managed to get such a good view and it was perfect. It was so good. Absolutely loved it. Yeah. Can't say anymore. It was great. It was perfect. Music was great. The performers were incredible. So many characters. Just so nice seeing like thousands of people together actually enjoying themselves. Yeah. Seeing the like the kids' faces when the characters are going by. It really is just so cute. I would definitely recommend seeing that parade. It's on twice a day. It's not that late. I think one of them's at 5. I want to say 45 or something is the last one. And this one was just before 4:00. So, it's not like nighttime as well. So, if you have small children, they should still be awake obviously to see that. This Thunder Mountain, I think, is the best one. It is such a good big Thunder Mountain. I love the one in Florida, but this one is something else. So, let's go do that. [Music] [Music] Well, what did you think of that, Big Thunder? Do you know what? Um, I don't like roller coasters as people know, but that was absolutely amazing. I think that's kind of got me over my mild fear of roller coasters. Yeah, it was so good. I really will say that I I was scared when I got on, as you know, shaking. He was a bit nervous, but then halfway through my aunt just went up in the air. I sort of joined in with everybody else and I was screaming all sorts of stuff. Absolutely thought it was brilliant. Yeah, this one here um is I think is my favorite Big Thunder Mountain. I love the ones everywhere else that I've been. Tokyo had one as well, California, but I love this one. Oh. [Music] Oh, I love this. That was perfect timing, was it? Not even planned. [Music] Can't get over how beautiful this castle is with the golden hour light on it. Let me just zoom in. There you go. You can see it properly now. It's absolutely stunning. And with this Christmas music going on as well. If anything is ever going to put you in the Christmas mood, it is this. This day that we've had today, seeing the parade, there's music. It's absolutely beautiful. And we're just about to take you down Main Street here to see the other decorations, to see the tree, and there's just so much going on. We didn't get to see much of this earlier. Look at Main Street here. Everything is starting to glitter. All the lights are coming on. This is very Christmassy. This is Christmas. When we get home, we are putting the tree up. Yes. Yes. Okay. I I I don't know. Normally, you're resistant to early. That's what I'm saying. I don't know. Really? Look at this. I mean, do you not want this going on? Can I just say something which everybody will appreciate? I'm still getting Back to the Future vibes. I'm sure everyone will love that. So, it's good to know that not just in Florida, but everywhere. Paul has deemed Main Street to be like the town in Back to the Future. Absolutely. What What could I do to convince you that we can have our tree when we get home? I reckon we should let the subscribers vote on it. Maybe I'll do a poll on Instagram. Yeah, do a poll on Instagram saying Paul says no, Victoria says yes. Is it too soon to put the Christmas tree up? I bet I know the answer. No, I reckon it'll be quite divided actually. Yeah. Look how pretty everything is though. This is beautiful. We are going to go into the store in a minute. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm inside one of the stores now. This is one that's got like the car in the window with Kella there. Just looking at some of the merch. This is like a really fleecy cozy top. I don't know if you can see. It's like super fleecy. It's like a pull- on hoodie. Oh, and the hood has actually got mini ears on it. That's cute. That's €60. Got these more classic kind of jumpers. That's nice. That one's €50. This is nice. It's one of those denim jackets, but it has then like the jersey sleeves and it's got Sorcerer Mickey on the back. I love that. That one's 70. They've got the giant Mickey bag. They have this available at Walt Disney World. Also, they've got an offer on this. Let's just see what it says. You can get this for €30 for every €40 purchase. So, you have to be purchasing €4 worth of other stuff to then get this for 30. This is a new Loungefly that they have. I love that. That's €100. They are kind of pricey. This sweatshirt is really nice. That one's €7. It's got that kind of fluffy detailing going on there. I really like that actually. Just walking through the cable car bake shop. What do they have in here? Croissant panaka. Then they have a cheesecake, cupcake, a carrot cake. Then they have sandwiches and things as well. And here is Victoria's. We're definitely going to come here because loads of you suggested this place. I think it's mainly sweet stuff like waffles and pancakes maybe and things like that. Right up nice street. Yeah. H we have a menu here so I can tell you what they have. A Nutella Mickey waffle with whipped cream. Mickey waffle with salted butter, caramel sauce, whipped cream, and meringue. They have cold brew coffees, regular coffee, other drinks. So yeah, this looks like a desserty kind of place. And on this side, I think they had some seasonal things. Winter cold macchiato, hot chocolate, speculoo flavored syrup. Oh, that looks nice. Correct me if I'm wrong. Is that not like biscoff speculus? Yes. Yeah. And then whipped cream and cookie pieces. And it has here available soon, so not yet. A ule log. Um that looks like a little house. I think it's sharing nut. So it's a to share. Maybe it's bigger than it looks. And a Jack Skellington pumpkin king pastry. So some interesting stuff there. It looks very much like the Plaza restaurant looks in the Magic Kingdom. It's that type of vibe. And we will head down here later. Discovery Arcade. Never overlook this area because it goes the whole length of Main Street. If you want to avoid the main kind of busy part at the moment, a lot of people are waiting for the parade. You can actually exit the park going straight down through there. And this restaurant, I believe, is kind of similar to Crystal Palace. Yeah. So, that's similar. It's an all you can eat buffet. They do breakfast here, I think, as well. Plaza Gardens. Paul just heard the word breakfast. He's instantly excited. We're currently just heading away from Main Street because the parade is about to happen and obviously it will get a bit crazy around there. So, I think we might go and investigate the Mickeyshaped pizza at Bellanote, which is the place that you suggested. So many of you suggested that place. I think we're going to share a pizza. There's only so much stomach space in a day. We've had quite a lot today, I feel like, already. Um, but we've only got a few days here, so we have to, you know, get all the snacks in for research purposes to show you guys, of course. Yeah. All for research, honest. This lighting is pretty special right now. It's not fully dark yet. No, it's still beautiful though, isn't it? But the sun is going down. We are going to cover Discovery Land, by the way, in more detail in the next vlog from this park. So, not next week, but the week after for you guys. And in that one, we're going to do the attractions in Discovery Land. Maybe try some food there. We haven't really touched on it this time because we wanted to do some different stuff on both days. This is so pretty. [Music] I just love the music so much. I hope the poll on Instagram goes in my favor for the Christmas tree. No comments. You'll be happy about it if we have our tree up. I guarantee I absolutely love Christmas. Let's get that out of now. It's not the fact that I do not want a Christmas tree in the living room. It's a bit like setting off fireworks in May. Why do people do that? It's not bonfire night. It's not like that though. My thinking is you only get to have your Christmas tree once a year. You want to overall look at the lighting over there. Here we are. Pizzeria Bellanote. And loads of you said the Mickeyshaped pizza is the thing to eat. Is the most suggested I would say of everything that you guys said. So, let's do it. Let's try it. I was worried it might be busy in here, but it's actually really nice and quiet, so that's good. So the pizza Mickey, you can get pepperoni or like a margarita, cheese and tomato. They also have pasta, rietoni pasta, Neapolitan sauce, garlic bread. Here we are, the Mickey pizza that you all recommended. We got the cheese and tomato one. We got the meal. So it comes with half a garlic baguette. You could have had a salad. It also comes with a drink. We just got a bottle of water cuz we haven't had nearly enough water today. And of course, two cappuccinos, which seems to be our standard everywhere we go now is two cappuccinos. But let's see what this is like. This is more than enough to share, I would say, wouldn't you? It's big. Yeah. Always remember to drink water. It's not actually hot here in Paris, but you need to drink some water. Otherwise, you end up just drinking like coffees and exciting drinks and never any of this. I drink a lot of this at home. See what Paul's verdict is. That actually takes me back to a memory. My dad and my mom used to take me to a place in Birmingham called Speedy Pizzas. And it tasted like that. And it tastes exactly right. Oh, that's funny. Is it nice? It's nice. It's very nice. Yep. Give this a whirl. It's nice. The cheese is nice. It's got like nice flavored cheese. Sometimes mozzarella and cheese on pizzas can taste like, you know, Yeah. like rubbery. like it doesn't have much taste, but this actually does taste nice and it is a really good size. So through the day if you are eating different bits and pieces and snacks and stuff like that, you could totally share this. Let's just try the garlic bread. It's nice. I mean, it basically tastes like one that you would buy and put in the oven at home, you know, like a garlic baguette. I can't say anything special about that. No, it just it's just like a normal garlic baguette that you would put in the oven. But I like those. So, what would you rate this out of 10? So, so far this has probably got to be the best thing that I've eaten here. Okay, good. So, I'm going to say an eight. 8 out of 10. 8 out of 10. That's for the pizza. Yeah, I would say I'm going to give this a 7.5 cuz I also think this is really good. It's really nice and it probably is the nicest thing I've had all day. But again, I want to save my, you know, eights, nines, tens for something that's I mean, that's 10 is basically couldn't be any better, right? So, yeah. 7.5 I would give this. It's nice and it's really nice in here. I have noticed that about their quick service restaurants. They all look really good. We're on the move again. And look at Small World all lit up here. That looks very, very cool. See, I can imagine that being shrunken down and being hung on a tree. Yeah, like a mini ornament. I wonder if that exists. That would be cool. That would be We're just heading back here into fantasy land again. Paul is dancing. We're just heading back here to maybe get the strawberries on a stick for our dessert because a lot of you mentioned that as well with the chocolate coated strawberries. So, we're going to try and get that if the kiosk is still open. Maybe ride the teacup ride, I think, if we're not going to feel sick after our pizza and chocolate strawberries. Hopefully not. And then after that, I do have my Patreon live stream. So, I'm going to be showing around by the castle and back here again in Fantasy Land on the live stream. If anyone's interested in Patreon, I will link it below. It is still open. Chocolate strawberries are one of my favorite things at Disney World to have, but here you get several of them on a stick, which is a bit different. You can get just the strawberries, or it looks like they have milk chocolate, dark chocolate, or white. And then same for the marshmallows on a stick, too. They do look so good, don't they? This all looks so nice. And I love marshmallows on a stick, too. We're debating whether to, again, for research purposes, try both. Here we go. We've got the chocolatecoated strawberries, the milk chocolate, and then we've got the white chocolatecoated marshmallows. We're gonna share both of these. They look so good. So, I broke the end off. Chuck it all in. That there is a nine. That's an eight and a half. I'm at a bit of a crazy angle right now cuz I'm trying to charge the camera while using it, which is never advisable, but here we are. Going to have to get Paul to break me off a strawberry cuz I'm trying to hold this. Look at that. M. That is a lovely strawberry. Yeah, that's a nine. That's almost a nine and a half. Well, we can't be throwing around tens when things like the creme brulee pson exist at Disney World, which is a solid 10. So, whoever recommended this Yeah, thank you. Several people recommended this. Marshmallow time. That's an 8.5. Agree. But the strawberry has it as being superior. Strawberry is so good. We're just going to head over and ride the teacup ride while we're waiting for the live stream. Look how pretty this looks at night with all these lanterns. I love that. [Music] It's not too bad. It actually makes me dizzy. It doesn't make me feel sick, but I feel dizzy. We're going the opposite way now. [Music] There's a reason that this ride is short. Don't want everyone getting sick. Are you getting dizzy yet? No, I am a little bit. We're just having a look in this store which is in fantasy land. It looks very much like I think it was called Sir Mickey's. Whether it still is in the Magic Kingdom. I have to say it. I hope that actually fits my hands properly. This is a very Becky sized mug. She'd like how big that is. It's actually huge. Like you see my hand like that's actually like hard to get my hand drowned. That's actually just right for me. Yeah, that is nice. I like that artwork of a curious labyrinth. That's really nice. This notebook is cute. And it's got these as the tabs on the top. I actually really like that. And this is what it looks like inside on the actual tab pages. That's really nice. How much is it? 13. I'm kind of tempted by that. I'm going to think about that. Got a nice little set of small world bookmarks. I feel like Catherine would love these. And they do have this notebook as well. Oh, I like this cuz this has got sections. Why do I love stationery so much? I love a notebook with sections. That one is 16. That's a nice puzzle with all of the characters on the band stand with the castle in the background. I think this is a poncho. Oh, no. It's a bag. Oh, it's a bag. Oh, it's a bag. It says adult, so I assumed it was a poncho, but it's not. It's this bag. Look at Eeyore. Eeyore is so cute. He looks so He looks very squidgy. I'm really sorry, but I've met somebody else. See you later. I'll insert a picture of Paul in the supermarket the other day at the shopping center. I think the Mickey that you picked up might have been even bigger than that. Yeah, we've seen loads of people in those. Paul's got his eye on this spirit jersey. I already had this because Disney Parks actually sent it to me when they were promoting Disneyland Paris at Christmas. So Paul's thinking about getting a matching one. Oh, Mickey looks a little um angry there. He does. I got my notebook and because they'd run out of regular bags, we were able to buy this rucksack one for €5 and we thought we'd go for that cuz the they only had one giant carrier bag left and it was €4 just for a carrier bag. So, we figured this is a better deal. That's really nice, actually. I like that. That'd be good for swimming stuff. We're just heading back towards the castle, as you can see here. We're hoping before the live stream, there's quickly time to go and look at the dragon cuz that was one thing that we really wanted to do today. This castle is so pretty, isn't it? Yeah, look at this. That is beautiful. You can really see the detail of inside of this castle. It's so nice that you can actually go inside unlike a Disney World. Other than if you're eating at Cinderella's Raw Table, of course. I think we're on the right track going this way. Just have to show you this store as we're going past. Look how cute this is. Anyway, we need to go and find the dragon. Well, this view of the castle is pretty spectacular as we're walking out. Look at that. Looking very blue here. Looking up at the castle. I'm going to leave the vlog here just for a minute while I do the live stream. And then next time you see us, we'll probably be I don't know, somewhere around Main Street, I would imagine. So, we'll see you shortly. Look what's happened. How? I don't know how that happened. I haven't even taken my ears off, so that's even weirder. We had a little bit of a live stream fail. Unfortunately, it for one thing was too dark. So, we are going to have to do the live stream tomorrow for the Patreon members over in the other park, but during the daytime cuz you just can't see anything. And also, the signal wasn't good enough either. So, we'll have to stay outside. We tried to go inside the castle and it just cut out on the Wi-Fi. So, we will do that tomorrow instead. Just passing through this Agrabar area. here. I love this. And just over here is a little exhibition. I remember Becky and I going in there because we were so cold and the heating was on in there. We were just absolutely living the dream. So, we spent ages in there. That there looks absolutely It really does. Stunning. This is beautiful. Oh my goodness. And like I said, we will be back in a couple of days and we'll show all of this. We'll show the nighttime um fireworks show. I think there may be drones. I don't know if I've got that wrong. Now, we're going to head out, I think, because we're quite tired, aren't we? I want to stay and look at the tree. Paul just wants to stay here all night. But it's okay. We are coming back. But we are going to go this way. Let's go through this arcade bit. So down here, Discovery Arcade. You can feel the heat just as you stand here. Yeah. The heating is on in here. And like I said, me and Becky, this was a lifesaver. When we were here in January 2019, it was snowing. It was actually snowing. Our Euro Star got cancelled. And we discovered this bit. And you can just hang out in here cuz it's nice and warm. There's a few benches along, but how pretty is this? I think the bake shop you can access from both sides. A Christmas vibe here today has just been absolutely brilliant and exactly what we were hoping for. I thought you doctor, they've got the voices coming from the top windows like they have in the Magic Kingdom. In this case, I think it's a dentist and maybe a doctor's surgery rather than a music lesson like they have in Disney World. I just love all the detail though. Last look for tonight. But don't worry, we'll be back in a couple of days. In a couple of days when we're saying goodbye, that'll be sad because it will be the last time. But we're not going to think about that right now. I don't even want to go back to the hotel room tonight. Paul just wants to sleep under this tree, but we really can't do that. It's kind of cold. I will just never get over how beautiful this hotel is and the fact that it's right in the park. It is amazing. It's so stunning. They have royal themed rooms, like princess themed rooms. And if you're in any of the ones that face this way, you would actually see into the park. And this is where you get the bus from. So you go past the Walt Disney Studios park, keep going out the main exit to the right to these bus stops. It's like two rows. And we come down to the end for the Adagio Saras. So this just shows the hotel's Saras is us. We are now walking because the bus I think was going to be 20 minutes to wait until it comes and the walk was 15. So, by my maths, there is no point waiting 20 minutes for a bus when you could have walked it quicker. And here it is. That was so quick. That actually didn't even feel like 15 minutes to me. Good morning, everyone. As you can see, it's the next day. We kind of did that usual fail of being so tired towards the end of the day. We were going to wrap up when we got back, but we were very tired cuz we walked. We were so tired. Yeah. I think cuz we did that walk at the end that kind of finished us off. But we just wanted to end this vlog and say what an incredible day it was yesterday, wasn't it? It was. It's got Christmas written all over it. Yeah. The Christmas stuff was just like the atmosphere when we walked in and you had Mickey in his Christmas the outfit. There was snow on Main Street as we walked up. The music was incredible. The parade, it really did just have the most amazing Christmas feel to the whole park. Um, but just experiencing the attractions as well. I'm so glad that Paul got to experience Big Thunder Mountain cuz that was closed. That was epic. Yeah, when we were in Florida, he hasn't even done the Florida one, so that was great. Um, one of the highlights definitely for me was the snow on Main Street walking in. That was probably like the biggest thing for me. What was your highlight? To be fair, that was up there. That was I want to say it's about the second. The first, believe it or not, I'm going to sound a little bit corny now. When you see the floats going by, you know, to me, Christmas is all about the little ones and seeing them enjoy themselves and stuff like even all the adults. We were all having an amazing time watching the parade. So to me, the parade so far is what is is literally the biggest highlight so far. Absolutely. Like the parades here at Disneyland Paris as well, I love the music, but I love the way that they do the parade. So it kind of comes around. All of the kind of floats stop and some of the characters get off and then start walking and others get on. It's kind of weird. It's almost like a little performance. It doesn't just go by like they normally do. In like the central island Yeah. Yeah. So, it's just a little bit different, but the parades here are great. I do remember that from previous trips. And yeah, you're right. The Christmas one, seeing all of the families and like Paul said, the children just enjoying it so much and like shouting for the characters and stuff. It's just really cute, isn't it? Yeah, it was amazing. Anybody at any age, no matter who you are or where you're from, I'm sure that if you watch it, you will truly appreciate it. Oh, yeah. Anyone of any age could love that parade. And if you love Christmas, it's just absolutely perfect. So, we And I love Christmas. So, it was perfect. Yet, you don't want the Christmas tree up as soon as we get home. What's that about? No. Well, I love Christmas, so don't think anything negative of this. I just don't understand trees in living rooms. So, hang on a second. Are you saying you don't like the tree at all? But anyway, we can debate this all day long. I'm going to put up a poll on Instagram and see what you guys think about when you can put your Christmas tree up. Vote for me. No. But thank you guys so much for watching this. I hope you enjoyed it. It's been a while since I've been to Disneyland Paris and obviously Paul's first time. So, if you did enjoy it, please do give it a thumbs up. And we've got lots more to come. We're just about to head off to the other park, the Walt Disney Studios Park, which I think is getting a new name fairly shortly. And it's going to be having massive changes next year. So, the World of Frozen will be opening up. That is going to be huge for that park, and I can't wait to see that. We'll definitely be back to cover that next year. Um, but if you've not already subscribed, please do because we do have those other vlogs coming up and we're going to try and fit in as much as we can over the next few days. So, subscribe and tap the bell icon if you want to see all of that as well as more Disneyland Paris next year and Disney World cuz I'll be back in Disney World in January. So, thank you so much for watching. Hope you're having a great day and we'll see you next week for Walt Disney Studios Park. Bye bye. You got to tell people how you like it as an impression of who you're actually eating. Oh, I'm no good at impressions. I'll I'll I'll You can give it a go. Try give it a go. [Music] [Music]
