---
video_id: d2XxMfgpLWE
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Pack with me for Walt Disney World 🏰✨ Outfits, accessories, cabin bag & beauty products"
published: 2025-09-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2XxMfgpLWE
---
Hey everyone, welcome back. And today I'm going to be talking through my packing for my trip to Walt Disney World. It's just a few days away until I leave for this trip. I'll be traveling with one of my friends and you'll find out who that is very shortly when the vlogs begin. We're going to be staying in Walt Disney World at Allstar Sports for this one. We've got a preferred room this time. So hopefully we'll be quite close for the buses and for refilling your refillable mug. Very important. If you know, you know if you've been before. And on this trip we'll be going to Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween party. We've got a reservation at the new Beacon Barrel Pirates Tavern in the Magic Kingdom. We also have a reservation over at GO82, which is the Spaceship Perth Lounge in Epcot. Although Spaceship Perth itself is closed for refurbishment, but we'll get a little bit of a Spaceship Perth fix hopefully by visiting the new lounge, which I've never done before. We're also going to get to see the new Starlight Parade in the Magic Kingdom. That's the new nighttime parade, and there hasn't been one for such a long time. I used to love the Main Street Electrical Parade and Spectro Magic. I've been visiting Walt Disney World for 23 years now and it's been such a long time since we've had a nighttime parade. I'm really excited to see that. Tron is having a new overlay in the Magic Kingdom with different lighting, different music, and we're going to be experiencing that. There is just so much coming up. So, do make sure you subscribe if you're not already because you're not going to want to miss that. In this video, I'm going to take you through everything that I'm going to be packing for this trip. So, all of my outfits, shoes, accessories, bags. Then I'm going to go through my hand luggage and toiletries, beauty products. So, if you have a trip to Walt Disney World coming up or a trip anywhere for that matter, packing tips can always be useful. There's so many different things that you do need for a Disney World trip. And like I said, I've been going for a long time. This is my 37th trip, I think, I worked out to Walt Disney World. So, over the years, I've really refined what I do need, what I don't need. I used to pack all kinds of things that were just pointless. So, hopefully this will help you if you have a trip coming up or you're hoping to book one. Hopefully this will help you with your planning. We're going to be flying with Norse Airlines for the first time this trip. They did used to be Norwegian Air. So Norse bought out Norwegian Air. And I used to fly with them a lot when it was Norwegian. It's the same planes, so I'm assuming everything is going to look largely the same and the experience I'm kind of imagining will be. So it' be really good to show you what that's like. It is a more budget airline and we did get our flights for a very good price for this trip. Because it is a budget airline. I have heard from some people that they are more strict on things like hand luggage weight and sizes than British Airways or Virgin Atlantic if you're flying from the UK. I must admit I don't normally run into many issues with them weighing hand luggage suitcases. They do sometimes depending on how busy the flight is, but not on a regular basis. So, with that in mind, I have gone on the safe side with my hand luggage and gone for smaller than I would normally take, just so that I don't run into any trouble with it being too big or being overweight. You can still take one cabin item and then a personal item being like a small handbag or a laptop case or something. So, I'll show you the small bag that I'm going to be taking, but in terms of my actual main cabin bag, I've got this one. And this is a new one for me. This is actually the travel hack is the brand. And I'm going to show you exactly what I put inside here and how I pack it all and everything, but this one is a lot smaller than the dimensions of what you can take. You can take like a normal cabin case on wheels, but I'm just going to take this with me. I do have a small cabin case, which I'm certain would be within the size that they allow, but I'm actually happy just taking the rucksack because I do have a big suitcase with all of my main checked items in it. So, I'm going to show you everything that goes in there. And like I said, I'll run through all my beauty products and everything as well. I do have my wash bag ready to go. And I probably will turn the camera around to actually show you all of this cuz it's easier for me to show you as I'm putting stuff in. But look at this wash bag. This is so cute. I've had this for years now. I believe I got it in around I want to say 2013 or something like that. Maybe it was a little bit later. I got it from Disney Springs in the Trendy store. I think it's called Trend Trendy. You know the one I mean it's in the old marketplace section of Disney Springs. That's where I got it. They had this one and a Montreal one, but it was such a long time ago. And the Magical Express doesn't even exist anymore. So, I love that I've got this little um wash bag that I can take. So, I'll be showing you everything that I'm putting in there. I'll just show you a few items of makeup that I think are particularly useful and relevant for Florida. But let's turn the camera around and then I can start getting on with showing you everything I'm taking and how I pack it. I've got all the stuff laid out here in terms of outfits and accessories. Like I said, I'm going to show the other stuff separately, but I thought I would do outfits first. I've actually got quite a lot of t-shirts and shorts this time rather than just dresses and playsuits. I've just had a bit of a love for t-shirts all of a sudden, and I've got some really good ones for this trip. First up, I have this one, the Everything is Better at Walt Disney World. This one I actually got from Walt Disney World a couple of trips ago. And to go with these t-shirts, I have these shorts that actually look more like a skirt. I got these from Amazon. I've got pink and black. They're elasticated around the waist. They will need an iron before I wear them. Just open them out a little bit so you can see. So yeah, they are shorts there, but the way that all of this kind of flows down, it looks much more like a skirt. So with this one, I could wear the pink or the black shorts. Then I have the Rope Drop Club t-shirt. This was very kindly gifted to me by Laura from Magic Maker Ears. I'll probably do the pink shorts and these pink ears, which were also gifted by Magic Maker Ears. Then I have this Spice Girl t-shirt, which I absolutely love because it is more of an autumn Halloweeny kind of trip. I just really wanted something like this. I knew exactly what I wanted and I couldn't really find it. So, I actually designed this t-shirt myself and had it made. I was really pleased with myself. And then wear it with these fluffy ears, which are also from Magic Maker Ears. They're definitely more kind of autumn or winter type of ears and I think those will be great with that. And then I have this t-shirt which says current mood popcorn. This was another one that I designed myself. I've kind of got a bit into t-shirt designing. If anyone loves these and wants to get one, I can probably make them available on a limited run. And this one I'm going to do probably with the black shorts definitely with this bag. I can't wait to wear this bag with that t-shirt and I'll also do the red ears with that. So I really can't wait to wear that outfit. Then in terms of dresses and playsuits and things, I've got the red dress with the lemons. And I would definitely do these bright yellow ears with that one. These are from Magic Maker ears. I've got the black dress with the hearts on that I wore on my last trip. That one is actually a backup. So I do have enough outfits for the whole trip. There's a couple of t-shirts actually that are not here yet. Um so I wasn't able to show them in this video, but I've got two more t-shirts I think. So this is one that I'm taking as a spare, but I always take some spare outfits. Then I have this dress which also has like lemons and flowers and these ears will go with that one also. I've got my trusty mint green playsuit is one of my absolute favorites and I love these ears with it so much. So that's going to be another outfit. And then I have this black dress with the rainbow hearts that I got from Vintage. And I'll be wearing these bright pink ears with this one. I think those go perfectly. And these were very kindly gifted to me by Ears Ever After. I'll link both them and Magic Maker Ears below. And I do have a pair of black ears here as well. that these I'm going to be wearing to Mickey's not so scary Halloween party. And one of the t-shirts that is missing is the ones that I'm wearing with these ears to the Halloween party. I've also got a pair of leggings there. Those are to put on to travel home in. I'll change into those when I get to the airport cuz it's too hot for leggings in Orlando at the moment. So, in terms of bags, I've got the popcorn one you've already seen. I'm going to bring this red one just in case I want to wear that with the red lemon dress or the red heart dress. It's very small, so I figured I'd just bring it anyway. And I also have these two bags. I'm very much going in the direction this trip of cross body bags. So I've got this one here in a cream color and then I have this black one. I've decided rather than Loungefly bags. I do love my Loungefly bags. I've not gone off them and I will definitely use them on future trips. But I really do need something that just makes it very easy for me to grab stuff quickly. I'm always switching between my camera and my phone. I need to be able to just grab them and not have to keep taking a backpack off. So, I've decided to try out using these on this trip. This little hole at the top, by the way, is to put your headphone cord through because I actually do use wired headphones most of the time. Then for shoes, I've got my black Converse, which are just my absolute go-to. They're so comfortable for me walking around the parks. I just always have to have them. And then I have my pink Jordans as well. Those will go nicely with the pink skirt and a few of the outfits I'm going to be wearing this trip. And just going back to the subject of bags, I have a few bag charms here. These two little ear ones are from Magic Maker Ears. She now does little bag charms, which is the cutest thing. So, when I'm going around, like with this bag, I can clip that on the front. I also have Spice here. I've got Gingi as well somewhere. I need to find Gingi. But Spice is definitely going to be perfect for the day where I wear the Spice Girl t-shirts, and I'll be able to put Spice on the bag. So, that's just really cute. And of course, I'm bringing Bumble as well. I've got three pairs of glasses here. I've got my normal aviator ones at the top there. Then I've got those ones with the flowers on the edge. They're one of my favorite pairs that I've had for years. They don't sell them anymore, I don't think. They were from Boohoo. And then I've got this pair at the front, which is a much more bright kind of purple pair. Then I have my Cinderella Magic Band. I actually have so many Magic Bands in my owner's locker. I'm not sure if I'm going to get my owner's locker out this time because I've got all the shoes, bags, and ears that I need. That's mostly what's in it. So, I think I'll get it out when I go in November, but I just don't think there's any need to bother this time. But, I've got that magic band. I can just wear that one with everything. Then, I've got several of these snag shorts. These are really good underneath dresses. It's just much more comfortable walking around all day, getting on and off rides if you've got these underneath. Underwear here. Then, I've got several pairs of pajama shorts. I've got one t-shirt there. I always bring my old Epcot Forever t-shirt. It's just so old now, but I love it. And I'm going to add a couple more t-shirts that are in the wash just to wear for bed. And then I've got some socks here. And again, I've got all of my little trainer socks in the wash. So, I will put those in also. This just has my swimwear inside. I very rarely have time to go swimming when I'm on these trips to be honest, but I always bring it just in case. I have a bottle of my iced coffee that I'm going to put in the suitcase. I can't put this in my hand luggage because it's too big over the 100 mil. I'm so obsessed with this iced coffee. I'm just going to take my own thermal iced coffee mug. I'm gonna take this. Then I can buy some milk in the grocery store when we get there and I can just have iced coffees in the room. The Disney hotels have lots of ice machines, so I'll be able to just make my iced coffee. Then I'll have no need for my kettle and my coffee pot and everything that's in the owner's locker. I'll just take this with me. I'm currently totally obsessed with this. And then I have my Pandora bracelet and just another little headband, a non- ear one just in case I want that. I've got my J Havanas. Again, I very rarely wear them unless I go to the pool, but I bring them in case. And my hat. This does need a clean before I put it in, but I always bring that for travel day back in case my hair is a bit less than stellar. And I have my Beauty Works curling iron. And I will put my straighteners in as well, but I need those obviously before I go. Those are probably the only two hair tools that I'll take. I won't take my waiver this time. I sometimes mix it up and take that, but this time I think I'll just do curly or straight. So, that's pretty much everything for outfits. Like I said, I've got a couple of t-shirts to add. I've got another pair of these black shorts to add in, a couple more t-shirts for bed, and the straighteners. So, in terms of actually getting everything packed into the suitcase, I always use packing cubes. Packing cubes to me are now an essential. I could not just put all of this stuff in the suitcase and put the straps over it and just hope for the best cuz it all gets creased. it all drops to the bottom and goes everywhere. I just can't do that. I'm a packing cube person all the way now. And I have a few different types. I love my level eight ones, which are these gray ones. Then I have this set as well. This was a set I actually was given by the Disney PR team. So, it's got Disneyland, Walt Disney World, and Cruise Line on there. I will link a very similar set to this below. Then, I have my underwear packing cube. You might have seen some of these things in a recent prepping video that I did. I've had this for ages. This is probably done. I don't know how many trips and it's still going strong. So, I'll link all of this below. I have this little Disney cruise line cube pouch thing. This one I just have for putting little bits and pieces in. Then I have this really small pouch. Says Disney is Calling. This is from Liberty Lane Designs. I'll link this below as well. This is just for putting really small things in. I'm going to start by putting the bag charms in here. Spice can go in there as well. Goodbye and Bumble. And in the Disney Cruise Line cube, I've just got my phone holder. I need this when I do live streams. Got several plug adapters for the US. Then I've got an ordinary UK one as well, just in case I need to plug a cable into an actual plug and then into one of these, if that makes sense. And the magic band can go in there, too. Ears will all go into this drawstring bag. And I normally put them in like this. So, one pair up and one pair down. And you can get more in that way. [Music] And then I've just got a smaller one that these last two pairs can go into. [Music] Then I'm going to use the level eight one to put the pajama bottoms, the bras, the snag shorts, and the socks and everything in cuz they're a bit bulkier. [Music] It's surprising what you can fit in there. That didn't look as if it was going to fit all of that, but it did. Time for the clothes to go in. And I'm going to use this biggest one first. [Music] [Music] Those are all in. And there's plenty of room in both of these, but especially in this one, to put the other t-shirts I've still got to come and the pajama tops. This bag I'll be taking with me on travel day, so I'll leave that one out. Oh, I just found my Animal Kingdom glasses in the popcorn bag. I love these. I've had them so many years. I think they were Primark, but literally like 10 years ago. The strap is unruly on this one. So, the other few bits that you saw are going to be either going in my hand luggage or the havas I'll just throw into the case as they are. But once you have everything like this in cubes, it is so much easier to then just put this in the suitcase. Obviously, I'll have beauty products and toiletries. I'm going to take you through that shortly and show you what kind of bags I put those in and stuff. With my vlogging equipment, most of that will go into my hand luggage, which I'm going to show you separately as well. But for putting things in the suitcase, I just find this so much better than having things loose. And then each of these can just be popped into the suitcase. I did forget to pop this in. This definitely can't go in the hand luggage. It's a brand new sealed bottle. So, there's no reason that this should leak. But let's not risk that. And I'm going to put it into one of these IKEA Ziploc bags just to be on the safe side cuz I don't want that rolling around on its own without being sealed in a bag. And I'm just going to pop this in here with the handbag. There's a perfect little space for it there. Time to get everything into the suitcase. And this is my level eight suitcase. I absolutely love it. It's a hard shell case. There's so much space in it because you have these kind of zip covers that go over either side. It does keep everything in there perfectly. I'll link this suitcase below and I do have another one with them as well that I love. So, really, really good quality luggage. I've had no problems with it. No breakages. Really, really sturdy. The wheels are amazing. So, yeah, I can't say enough good things about this. Let's start putting it all in. [Music] So, that is all easily fitted in there, and there's still plenty of room for me to put some bits in. It looks like it's quite full, but there's actually tons of space still in there. Okay, on to hand luggage now. And like I showed you earlier, this is the bag that I'm going to be using. The thing I love about this one, it unzips around there on the front and opens up like this. So, you can leave it standing like that. It's easy to put your stuff in. You have all these pockets on the front. And then there's a laptop pocket at the back. So I really just liked the design of this. And like I said, it is small enough that it's the underseat size. So it's much smaller than it needs to be. I could have gone a bit bigger, but just for the avoidance of taking something too big, this I think is going to be perfect. I've just put a bit of light on there. Hopefully you can see a little bit better now. And this little pocket at the top here, if you unzip this, you can put your phone inside and it kind of goes into that pocket just to keep your phone safe. It's so new, I haven't even taken the tag off yet. And then on the side here, this is where your laptop goes in the back. And this is padded. And just to show you, this is going to be my personal item. I did briefly show this, but this is just a little cross body bag. So, I'm going to have these two items basically as carry-on. I'll start with these pockets, I think. And into this bottom one, I'm going to put all the sunglasses. I think I've even gained a few more pairs since I last showed you. And I am just throwing them in here like this. A lot of people are probably horrified if you have expensive sunglasses. All of these are dead cheap. I don't buy expensive sunglasses, and I don't actually find that they do get that scratched just putting them in like that. So, that's absolutely fine. In this top one here, I'm going to put my power bank, which has just lit up. The little paw print actually tells you how much power is left. This is a really good powerful one, though. I've got this one and the easy one. I love both, and they're both equally as powerful, I find. So, I'm going to pop that in there. And I have one of these cables which is USB on the end and then you've got all three different types of chargers on. Next will be this. This is actually the carry case for the Osmo, but the Osmo I always have with me because it's what I'm always vlogging on. So, this is going to have the Canon camera in it and the extra batteries and stuff. The Canon I'm currently using to film on at the moment, but it will go in there and just sit inside here. I've got my Britta water bottle, which I've just put a brand new filter into. This is so great for Orlando. It totally takes away the gross taste of the water. You can fill it up from the sink in your room or the water fountains and you just can't taste any horrible tastes. It is absolutely perfect. I'm going to put this into the side pocket. I have an umbrella. This is just my really small one. I love this one for the parks cuz it just folds up tiny. Then I have the Flow Zoom travel pillow. This is the best travel pillow ever. This is actually Paul's and when we go on our trip next time I'm going to get a second one for me. It's an inflatable one and it has this bar in the middle. So you can either lean forward on it or you can have your head resting back. Paul absolutely loved it. It's even got a hood attached to it so you can cover over your eyes. It's just so good. We absolutely love this. Like I said earlier, I will link all of these things below. Then I have my snack bag. I love this thing. It's got plenty of space in it and because we're flying with Norse and I don't think they do feed you as much on the plane, you don't get as many snacks and drinks. So I'm bringing my own. I've got some of these fruit snack things that you get from Little. I absolutely love those. Got some cereal bars, I do have some Haribo in the back as well. I'm actually going to pop that at the back there and then put that in on top. In terms of tech items, as well as taking the Canon, which will be in there, then the Osmo camera I'll have on me. This is the tripod that I use, the Yulanzi one. And I have the extra battery handle on here that comes with the Osmo Vlogger kit. So then when you put the camera on top and you can open out this tripod then when you're in restaurants it's the perfect kind of eye level on the table for filming. Then I've got my new eye mask and it's one of these that has like the padding around so if you do have like eye makeup on and stuff it doesn't totally ruin your makeup. Obviously you'll get a little bit of it around here but I thought that was really good. But the actual point of this is that it causes it to be blackout so you don't get any light coming through. I did test it out and it works really well. So very very happy with that. And at the last minute, like I say, I will put my phone in there. I will put my laptop in the back. And then in this little gap in the top, I will also have my laptop charger. And as well as my phone, in this pocket at the top, I will put my passports. I don't want to put it in this front pocket. I know it's super paranoid, but I feel like somebody could unzip it and take it out. It does have this thing over the top. I feel like it is so unlikely, but you just never know when you're traveling. I would rather have it in this top one. Oh, and the one other thing that will go in here at the last minute is my fan. and my EAC fan. I always just put that in the backpack just in case when I get there it's super hot and I need it right away. In terms of makeup, I'm not going to go through everything, but a few things of note um just in case you're wondering. The eyeshadow I'm going to be using is the Urban Decay Naked Smokey Palette. I don't think you can still get this. Makeup Revolution do a similar one. Um but this is the one that I'm going to be using on this trip. I like the Naked original palette as well, but the one I've got I've almost run out of. That's the sort of shades you can see in this one. I'll also be taking this new L'Oreal Infallible 3 Second setting mist. I've currently been testing this. I'm going to let you know exactly what I think about it on my Instagram stories once I've done a couple of days in Orlando. I just need to test it in the extreme heat first. The foundation I use is the Laura Mercier Flawless Lumiere Radiance Perfecting in shade beige. This is a brand new one cuz I'd almost run out, but I love this foundation for Florida. I also use the Laura Mercier Real Flawless Concealer and this is in shade 1C1. Absolutely love that. The powder I use over the top is the Beauty Pie One Powder Wonder. I love this stuff. And I did mention in my most recent Victoria in Detail vlog that I was trying out a new lipstick. This is the Kiko lipstick in vintage rose. That's the shade. I actually was wearing it in the intro to this video earlier. And the lip liner is the Rimmel Lasting Finish. This is in shade pink candy. So, the two of these together I really, really like and definitely most days while I'm in Orlando, I'll be using those. Okay, I've got the beauty products and toiletries and everything in the Magical Express bus now. So, I'll take you through this and show you what's in here. It's got one of these um things on the top, which I like as well cuz it opens out quite wide so you can see everything inside. It even has detail on the back. Look at the characters in the back of the bus. I'm just obsessed with this. I do have most of it in here now, but there are a few things that I haven't thrown in yet just because I still need them before I go. But this will give you a good idea of pretty much everything. First up with the basics, toothbrush. And I like to put these little topper things on to keep them from touching anything else. Toothpaste. I really like this Superdrug Proare whitening instant whitening toothpaste. It actually goes really quite dark blue on your teeth, which is a bit weird when you're using it, but I do find it quite effective for whitening. And I do also have my high smile serum as well. I have started using that on my teeth and it does a really good job of whitening it. So, I just didn't want to go the whole trip without doing it. I normally only do this a couple of times a week. Um, but I thought I would bring this along. It doesn't take up too much room. Then I've got hairspray. This is just the Tresomeme extra hold. I have a Garnier Ultralift sheet mask in here. I just like to take one with me sometimes when you're away. the air conditioning and being on the plane and all those sorts of things and the sun can make your skin a bit drier. So, partway through the trip, I just like to do one of those on an evening before I go to sleep. Speaking of sun, I have my sunscreen. This is an SPF 30. It's just the spray-on one. And I have a miniature version, the Banana Boat Sport. That's also a 30. And both of these I actually got in Orlando last time I was there. Sunscreen is one of the most important things when you go to Florida. I'm going to talk about my one that I use on my face as well when I talk about the makeup. Um, but just always have your SPF on your face, on your body, everywhere. It's so easy to burn and if you get burned at the beginning of the trip, it just totally ruins the rest of it. And sunburn is just so bad for you. So, always make sure you've got your sunscreen on. Another thing that's super important in the sweaty heat is deodorant. And I've got my Wild deodorant. I've partnered with Wild for several years now. I love Wild deodorant, which is the refillable one. And they've actually recently started doing rollons. So, I have the roll on and the stick one as well, and I thought I would try them both out in the really strong Florida heat, so I can report back on that. I always just have my little pair of travel scissors in here. This actually looks more like a pen, but if you take the lid off and just push it up, it's a little pair of scissors. These ones were actually from Eron Condrin, but you can get them on Amazon. I'll link them below. Um, they're really inexpensive, but they're so good for travel. I've got a set of my favorite lashes in here, which are the Samantha ones from Huda Beauty. They're not cheap. I only really wear these when I'm in Florida. Sometimes when I'm filming or a night out, special occasion or something like that and they're not ones that I would wear all the time because they are pricey, but I just love these ones. Then I've got my little travel razor. And I normally use bar soap for showering and in the bath and just general usage. But when I go to Florida, I do just use a small bottle of shower gel. And this is the Olay Sheia Butter. This is the one that I do buy in Orlando. And I buy my bars of soap from there as well because they do this exact same one in the bar soap. But for this trip, I just take this along. Um it's a lot easier than taking like a soap and a soap dish and all that kind of thing. For my hair, I've got my shampoo. This is the Beauty Works clarifying shampoo. This is really, really good for keeping blonde hair from going that kind of orangey, peachy, brassy kind of look when it looks a bit yellow. Um this one is great for that. Normally I decant it into a small bottle, but I didn't think this bottle was actually that big. So, I'm just going to take it as it is cuz I've got room for it. Then, I've got a miniature version of the Beauty Works 10-in-1 Miracle Spray. This is the leave-in conditioner that I use. This is excellent. It acts as a heat protectant and it makes it a lot easier to brush through and it just makes your hair soft and moisturized. It's amazing. I love this stuff. I've got a refill of my Bath & Body Works hand sanitizer cuz I've got one of the holders hanging on one of my bags and then I've just bought an extra one in case it runs out. Plasters, very important. Sometimes you can get blisters when you are walking around the theme parks loads, even if you've broken in your shoes. I have had pairs of shoes that are otherwise absolutely fine, really start to hurt my feet or rub when I'm in Florida. So, I always bring these. And because I bring the little scissors, I can just cut these to size. I've just got some of these tablets. These are the mucinx they're called. They're really good if you get a cold. I have on occasion, if you've been watching me for a long time, you will know this. Picked something up while I'm out in Florida. And if you just get like a common kind of standard cold where you're bunged up, these are absolutely brilliant. So, I threw those in as well, just in case. I don't want to jinx anything, but it's better to be prepared than not. And those type of things are really expensive to buy when you're over there as well. So, I thought I'd bring those with me. I have a little travel jar here with my ibuprofen in cuz I buy the big jars when I'm out in Florida and then I just decant them into here to take with me. Then, I've got my V5 instant volume hair powder. This is just a little pot of powder that you can sprinkle in around the top of your hair and it just kind of boosts it up a little bit. If your hair is quite flat, it just adds a bit of volume. It's especially good if you've just washed it and you know when it's really soft and it just won't do anything. It's really good then to put a bit of this just through the top. My dry shampoo is so large it won't actually fit into the wash bag. So, I just put that in separately. I do get the big one because I use a lot of dry shampoo. As you can see, I have a lot of hair and I don't like to wash it too often while I'm in Florida because it's just such a long process washing hair when you have extensions. So, I use dry shampoo in between and I just like to make sure I don't run out. Dry shampoo in America is so much more expensive than here. I can't remember. I think I paid £3.99 for this on offer. When I've been in Target before, their bottles of dry shampoo were like $13 or something. and I was absolutely stunned how expensive it was. So, never ever rely on buying dry shampoo when you're out there. I would take it with you if I were you. The other hair things that I don't have in here are my hair brush because I'm still obviously using it before I go. And I do need to put some conditioner in. I'll probably just decant some into a small bottle cuz I don't have a separate one. Then I've got my moisturizer. I've got the travel version of the Charlotte Tilbury Magic Cream. I absolutely love this moisturizer. It is pricey though, so I don't necessarily use it all the time. I've got another one that I use here at home. I'll put it on the screen what it's called and I'll link it below. The one that I use every day, but because I've got a small one of these, I'm just going to take this with me. And I also have my Renew and Me night treatment, which is currently on my bedside table. I need to put that in as well. I use that every single night. And also my eye cream. I use the E.L.F. Hydro Boost Eye Cream. So, I'll link that as well. But those I just need to throw in at the last minute, but I'm still using them. In the bottom here, I've also just got a couple of little hair elastics in case I do put my hair up. I need to throw a couple of bigger ones into. I'll also throw in some hair grips at the last minute and makeup remover. That's the other thing that I need to add, but I'm still using it. The other random thing that I always have in my wash bag, this is so weird, is a teeny tiny screwdriver. I always bring this because my Canon camera, sometimes the flipup screen, the screws get loose and then it rattles around and makes a noise. I don't always use my Cannon anymore. That's the one I'm using here. Um, but I do sometimes use it and I always need to bring this with me cuz they do come loose. So, that's a really random thing that's always in there as well. One last thing that I do need to throw in is the bug spray. I did buy some recently. So, that will also go in here. So, that is going to do it for this packing video. I hope this has been useful to you in terms of items that you might need when you go on your Disney trip, things you might not have thought of, and how I actually pack it into the suitcase and into the hand luggage. Um, like I said, there's so many different things to remember when you're going on a Disney trip. It's a lot more than when you just do maybe like a regular beach holiday. I just feel like there's so many more little things that you need. So, I hope you guys found this helpful. Like I said at the beginning of the video, don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already. There is so much to come. I can't wait to get out there now and make these vlogs, share everything with you, show you all of our experiences. I'm really, really excited now. I can't wait. So, thank you guys so much for watching as always and for taking the time out of your day. Don't forget to follow along on Instagram as well because I will be posting over there in real time while we're on the trip. I hope you're all well and having a great day and I'll see you in the next one. Bye. [Music] [Music]
