---
video_id: ZJUsRDxBNns
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "WALT DISNEY WORLD VLOG ✈️ Travel day to Orlando, Norse Atlantic, All Star Sports & Magic Kingdom AD"
published: 2025-09-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJUsRDxBNns
---
I I take me home today. Take me out to play sweet. Hey everyone, it is time for a new travel day. I'm heading out to Orlando for 10 nights. Is it nine nights? Nine nights. Actually, it's 9:00 to experience the fall and Halloween season at Walt Disney World. So, we'll be doing the Halloween party. It's food and wine festival in Epcot. We're also going to be experiencing a lot of new stuff on this trip, including GO82, which is the Spaceship Earth themed lounge in Epcot. We're going to be seeing the new Starlight Parade in the Magic Kingdom, which is the new nighttime parade. It's been so many years since we've had a nighttime parade in the Magic Kingdom. I'm so excited for that. We'll also be going to the Beacon Barrel in the Magic Kingdom, which is the new Pirates Tavern. There's so much going on. There's a new Tron overlay right at the end of our trip. We'll be experiencing that, too. There's so much coming up in these vlogs, so please do subscribe if you haven't already and tap the bell icon and then you'll be notified every time a new vlog goes live. Every Saturday at 5:00 p.m. I'm actually having to record this one clip after I got back from the trip. I did have a little disaster a few days in. My hard drive stopped working. Every night after I'm back from the parks, I always move my footage from the memory cards to the hard drive. And about 5 days in, it just stopped working. And when I got back, I tried like a different cable and things and nothing would work. I couldn't get the hard drive to work. So, I had to recover the footage. I was very nervous that I might have lost it, but thankfully I didn't. Other than the very first clip from this travel day. I don't know why that one didn't recover when the others did. So, I did just have to re-record this one little clip. But with that said, let's get on the road and get this travel day started. [Music] We are underway and a bit later than we thought, aren't we? Because there was a massive thunderstorm this morning. Really, really quite fullon and we weren't expecting that. So, we've left a little bit later just cuz we thought driving in that wouldn't be the most fun thing ever. Well, we love a good thunderstorm. Yeah, we do. Not driving in it, though. No. Sitting in bed watching it out the window. Yes, that's nice. That was very nice. Yeah. We figured we'd leave a little bit later, so it's not too bad. And you can't get into the hotel that early anyway, so it's all good. And it does say on the satnav here, traffic ahead. I think that's going to be Stonehenge. Whenever you are driving past Stonehenge, if anyone has done it, it's always always like got really bad traffic and slows down almost to a stop because everybody's looking at it as they go past. I have probably driven past Stonehenge hundreds of times because this route is pretty much the route that it will always take me to go to the airport or visiting family, whatever we're doing. It kind of takes us this way. So, for me, I'm just kind of like Stonehenge. But other people obviously think it's amazing, especially if you haven't seen it before. What are your thoughts? Amazing or overrated? Overrated. I'm going to be very polite and just say overrated. Don't get me wrong, it's very fascinating and I'm not playing down the historical interestingness of Stonehenge. For us, we just see it a lot. So, I guess it's like anything if you live really close to something else that's really cool, um, but you see it all the time. Let us know in the comments. Does anyone live near to something that everybody else just loses their mind and finds really amazing, but because you see it all the time or drive past it every day, you're like, me and so it begins. This is what I'm talking about. Yeah. [Music] What is it about these services? It's actually starting to come down slightly heavier now. And this is the one that reminds me of Twilight. It's got all these trees. And does it not remind you of like the Cullen's house where they they live? Like these trees. Oh my gosh. Now it's really starting to rain. While Paul's waiting for that, I'm going to grab the coffees. Road trip snack. Nachos with the giant cheese and the Starbucks. Talk about how disappointing your taco Bell was. My nach shows were disappointing. The first day that we're in the Magic Kingdom, me and Cla are going to get the creme brulee horse face. He's like, "Don't tell me that." We We can do that. You actually look like you're going to cry. Are you doing that on purpose? Maybe. He's trying to upset you guys watching and make you feel really bad for him. Don't feel too bad for him because he is going in November again. I'm going to wipe my nose now. I was faking it by the way. Yeah, he's not really crying. Not really crying. I'm genuinely upset though and disappointed fact that I'm not going to have a cinnamon bun. Have you just put coffee up your nose? It just Have you ever had that when you tip it and it flies up out the thing? What you meant to do is see this hole here and not this hole here. No, I know, but it just flew. It flew up out of there. [Music] We have arrived. I'm I'll be honest, it doesn't look great. We need to reserve judgment till we get inside. It might be nice inside. I've never stayed at this one before. It is 15 minutes away by car from the airport. That's why I've never stayed in it. But because Paul's dropping me off, it made sense and it was cheaper. But there might have been good reason for that. So, let's see. Let's see. We're right by reception, literally through the door. And here we are. That's quite good, I will say. Yeah, I wasn't sure if there was a lift. So, I did wonder if we'd have to get the suitcase up the stairs. And here we go. It does look like your typical premier in standard kind of room. So, there's a TV, table, and chairs over there. You got a fan, and I don't think there's any air conditioning in this room, but it's not that hot, so we're fine. Tea and coffee making stuff. Standard bathroom. Okay, we've just got ourselves settled in. Don't know whether we're going to go out and do anything. Probably not like away from here, but there is a pub attached to this premier in. So, we might go and have a drink or something. Yeah, it's actually right there. You saw it as we came in. So, we might go and get a drink or something. Um, but we did have a little snack on the way up here. We'll see how we feel. We want to get up quite early in the morning because although the flight isn't until 2, I need time to obviously we want to have breakfast here, get over there, get checked in. A few people had said about Norse maybe taking a little bit longer to check in. I don't know if I've mentioned that actually. We are flying with Norse on this trip for the first time. It'll be really interesting to see because they are a budget airline compared to British Airways and Virgin and the flight was significantly cheaper. When we booked these flights, the total for two of us was £749 for two of us return. And that's inclusive of luggage, check luggage and everything. I could not believe that. Sometimes with or often with Virgin, it is that much for one person. So, we were absolutely flawed about how cheap it was. I haven't had a flight that cheap since before COVID. Um, probably when I was flying with Norwegian, to be honest. Can't wait to show you that experience, let you know what it's like. I'll show you as much as I can, but there are a few things to bear in mind when it's a budget airline compared to under normal circumstances. One of which is they are more strict apparently on luggage. So, we get one personal item, one cabin case or bag or whatever you want to call it, and then your checked luggage, which is 23 kilos. So, that's all pretty normal, same as British Airways and Virgin, but they are just more strict on the size and weight of the cabin luggage. When I've been flying with Virgin and British Airways, I think I mentioned this in my packing video, but very, very rarely do they weigh my hand luggage. Only a handful of times have they ever done that. Normally, they just are not that bothered. Obviously, you can't have anything too big, but they are pretty relaxed, but apparently with Norse, they do check and weigh things a lot more. So, with that in mind, I have gone for smaller hand luggage than I normally would. I've just got this one here, which is a new bag that I got. The Travel Hack is the brand. In hindsight, they do this one, which is the underseat size. So, this will fit like Ryionaire and other airlines where it has to go underneath the seat, but it is really quite small. I do wish I'd have got the cabin baggage size, which is a bit bigger, but you live and learn. This one is the one I'm taking. And then for my personal item, I've got this bag, which is like a cross body. I absolutely love this. This little pocket on the side, I put the camera in. And then I can put my phone inside and you can have your headphones kind of out through that little gap. And this is just going to be perfect for parks and for like the travel day tomorrow. And what I always do when I get here to the hotel the night before, I just check that everything is in the right place. So, you want to make sure your liquids are where they should be. batteries. You need to be careful. You can't have lithium batteries in your checked luggage. They need to go in your hand luggage. So, I'm always just checking that everything is where it should be. I've got my trusty snack pouch in there. I've got the fans. Um, those have got batteries in, so they come in the cabin case. Then, I've got my charger for my laptop. Laptop is in the back. I've got some extra cables and things in there and a power bank. My sunglasses, they're all in there. And my deodorant. You guys will know which deodorant I use because I have partnered with this brand for years now. Probably about 2022, I want to say, is the first time that I used a Wild deodorant. And this is the one that I'm bringing on this trip. I've actually got the rollon and the stick deodorant. This is their new case with Cath Kidston. So, this one has just launched and this is the marble ditzy case. You actually keep the case and refill with the deodorant refills. I've had loads of these, but I have given them to family and friends. So, everybody is now using wild who I know, including Paul. Including me. I got mine as well. He loves animals and animal kingdom. This one had um all the different safari animals on. And you love the thunderstorm scent, don't you? Thing that I love the most about Wild for me is the fragrances. I do normally use the stick version, but I'm bringing the roll on along as well because I really want to try out both in the Florida heat. Nothing is hotter and sweatier than being in Florida, so I really want to see how they both perform. So, I'll use them both. And I need to actually put the refills in cuz I haven't done that yet. So this one which is launching with this case is the wild flower bloom. So this is a really nice floral scent. That reminds me of something. Does it remind you a tiny bit of palmer violets? Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, it's really nice. Putting the refills in is really easy. You just make sure that the case is wound all the way down to the bottom. Take that off. Then you just sit your refill on the top and then wind it up. And then with the roll-on version, you just take the top part off like this. Shake the refill and take the lid off that. And then that just screws into the top. Then back into the case. And then the lid unscrews like that. I love that they started doing roll on because so many people had asked for that when I've talked about world in the past. A lot of you said, "I only use roll on." Both of them offer 24-hour protection and natural ingredients. The roll-on one has no white marks, so if that's something that's important to you, then I would go with the roll-on. And the stick one is more kind of moisturizing. If you haven't already tried it, I would definitely make the switch and give it a go. I have never looked back. I've used it for several years now, and it's now the only deodorant that I use. And Wy would have given me a discount code for you guys, which is 20 Victoria, so that you can get going with this and try it yourself if you haven't already. And if you have already tried it, the 20% off is on everything. So you can get your refills. They also do body wash, hand wash, you can get lip balms as well. All of that is refillable. I absolutely love the refillable body wash and we use the hand wash as well, don't we, at home. So, you can use the code 20 Victoria. There's a link in the description as well and there'll be a QR code here. If you're watching on TV, you can just scan the QR code with your phone and that will take you right to it so that you can place your order. But it's totally worth it. We love it. And then there's you asking me to sniff your armpits all the time. I don't actually sit my armpits, but I do like when when I've put because I put it on at night time and in the day. I don't know if anyone else does that, but if I've had a shower of a night time, I do put my deodorant on. I'm constantly like, "Oh, can you smell the like which one do you think it is?" And I'll be like, "Oh, I smell like oranges. I smell like pineapples." Think I'll just put one of these into the case. You actually could put either because the refill for the rollon, although it's a liquid, is below the 100 mil. So, if you wanted to, you could put that one in there. I think I'll just put my stick one in for now and put this one into the suitcase. And then in the morning, I can just throw in a couple of makeup items. I don't take a lot of stuff on the plane with me. I usually just take my concealer, lipstick, and a couple of other bits. So, I'll put those in. And then that's going to be everything for the hand luggage. So, I think everything's where it needs to be. So, we'll probably go and grab a drink now. I think there's a weird noise coming from outside the window. Yeah, cuz that's where the generator. Yeah. We haven't We haven't locked out with location. And we are literally right next door to this big grating thing that is like blowing out. It's like a vent, but a massive one. I picked this one because it was the cheapest. So, if that means that we've got a weird giant vent blowing air out and the bed is on a slight slant, then the bed is on a bit of a slam. It's all good. It's all good. We're in the hotel bar now having an orange juice and lemonade. I love an orange juice lemonade. We know how to live dangerously. Neither of us are really drinkers, are we? We just It's actually called the St. Clemens if you want to be partial. Is it? Yeah. I did not know that. It's not that the song. Yeah. I've just never like known that orange juice and lemonade had a name other than orange juice and lemonade. Oh, we got some knobbies nuts as well. That's such a weird name. Just moved that a little bit cuz it was a bit close. It's actually really super dark in this corner and the camera is doing a reasonably good job not being quite bright to be fair. I've been trying to think of the other things I need to do before a flight. So, I've been downloading stuff to watch. I got ghost. What is wrong with that film? It's so cheesy. It's It's not cheesy. It's a romance. We'll agree to disagree on that. Put it in the comments. What is your favorite film? Cuz I love knowing that. Like people's favorite. My favorite of all time is Apollo 13. Absolutely have seen that. Really good film. It's such a good film. It's a really good film. I'll give you that one. What's yours? Oh, of Why did I just ask that? I know the answer to that. Forest Gump, obviously. Yeah. We haven't checked in yet. Um, you can do online check-in with Morse, but because we've paid for the premium check-in. We basically panic purchased premium check-in for like12 pounds I think it was each because a couple of people had told me that they flown with Norse in the last few weeks and it was super busy at check-in. They waited 2 hours one person said just to do bagrop um and we got really freaked out by it. So we had paid for the premium queue for the check-in. I cannot believe that you this is what he put on the TV as per usual. is like slim pickings on the free view. Paul has put on this Dr. Pimple Popper. That's right. Yeah. I didn't know that this was a thing. So, I don't know where I've been. I don't really watch normal TV. I watch YouTube. I watch crime documentaries, but I don't really watch like regular TV. I assumed that would mean pimples on people's faces. And this person that they're featuring, I was like, they don't have pimples. Like, what is going on? The pimple is not on their face. I will leave it to your imagination where where it is, but I'm assuming in a minute we're going to have the horror of seeing this thing being popped. Is that what's going to happen? She's a doctor who specializes in lumps and bumps and spots and warts and stuff like that. [Laughter] We just saw it. We just saw it. If I see this procedure actually happening, I will perish. Oh. Oh, that's not even a spot. That's ew. Stop. I can't. I can't. Right. That's it. I'm going to bed. I'm going to bed. I can't. I don't know about anybody else, but when you're on the leadup to a trip, I've had a lot of like packing to do. I had the packing video to do. I've had other work to get finished before I go away. It just I just keep seeing it. I just keep seeing it. other work to get done and then then I lay awake not really sleeping that much. This is going to give you nightmares. Why? Well, you wonder why I'm not going to sleep this tonight. It's going to be because of this. So, it'll just be a quick transition for you guys and we will see you in the morning and then it's going to be off to the airport for travel day. I'm so excited. I honestly cannot wait. I can't wait to get over there. There is so much exciting stuff that we're doing when we're over there. I can't wait to go to Beacon Barrel, especially the parade. Um, the nighttime parade in the Magic Kingdom. Like, I just keep thinking about all of this stuff we're going to do and I cannot wait to get there. So, yeah, we'll see you in the morning for travel day. Good morning from the Premier Inn. I have tried to find any angle under this table where I don't look like I'm under a spotlight, but this is just how it is. Let me just try it. Move it a little bit. No, this is pretty much as good as it's going to get. And yeah, we're just having our breakfast here in the Premier Inn. Normally, it's like a um buffet breakfast, but there's hardly any people here. It's very quiet. So, you just say what you want and then they bring it to you. So, yeah, it's not actually a buffet breakfast. If you do want that, you need to always go to like a busy premier in cuz we've had this a couple of times in different places, not just here at the airport where they just ask you what you want, which is fine. And it's cooked to order so it comes out nice and hot. But yeah, if you're looking for a buffet breakfast, definitely stay over at the Premier Inn at North Terminal. We are making good time this morning because I didn't sleep very well last night. So, I got up at a pretty good time because I was just awake anyway. I did fall asleep easily and I woke up at 3:30 and didn't really go back to sleep after that. Um, so I haven't had a lot of sleep, but I just never do the night before. I'm always worried about oversleeping or thinking about what I need to do the next morning or I don't know. You would think when I've done it this many times that I wouldn't still do that, but I do. And uh when I'm in a different bed, I just don't sleep that well. How was your breakfast? Banging. Was it good? Yeah. I love that. That is your like stock answer to like when food is good. Yeah, it was really good. And you told me that you're going to have a turkey leg when we go to Florida. Turkey leg over there. Turkey legs are iconic at Disney. I mean, I you never really see them on my channel because I would never eat one. I think Kate did years ago tried one, but yeah, Paul's going to try one. I wish you were coming on this trip. I'm sad. I wish I was coming too, but again, I've got to work. I know. I know. And it's not long till November to be fair. We're just back at the room closing up the suitcase and just about to put everything in the car. And I didn't show you my travel day outfit yet. Look at my new travel day t-shirt. I wanted a travel day t-shirt that was like a specific me travel day t-shirt. I absolutely love this. And I've done the design in white as well. So, like a white t-shirt with the design on. What do you think? Let me know in the comments. Do you like this? If anybody does really love it, I can probably make them available um on a limited run. So, let me know if you would be interested in one of these and I can probably make that happen. I absolutely love it. Then I've just got leggings, which is always what I wear to fly cuz it's more comfortable. And my pink Jordans, which I absolutely love. Okay, Paul has just dropped us off and I totally forgot to get him to say goodbye to the vlog. So, he said goodbye to you guys. But look, he's here. It's Cla. And Cla is definitely one of, other than me, the most enthusiastic, excited people. I'm so excited. I've been thinking about it for so long. I'm so excited. We are. We can't wait. There's just so much going on. We've been booking our Lightning Lanes. We're going to tell you about all of that today. Um what we've got planned, booked, everything. But we are just absolutely buzzing. Yeah. The Halloween party. That's what I've been dreaming about for a long time. Absolutely. And you want to watch the parade properly this time cuz last time you got a bit caught up. I couldn't cross the road. They've got stuck over on the other side and then the barriers come up. So, yeah, I want to watch the parade properly. Yeah. So, we're going to be doing all of that. But, it's about half 10, I think. Maybe not even past 10. Qu 10. So, we're just going to go in, find the Norse desk, and get ourselves checked in and everything and then head through for a coffee or something. Tea in your case. Well, if we can find a Starbucks. I want to have I had one the other day. I want to have the same drink that I had at Disney last year. I've been thinking about them like all year. That's your Disney drink. That is my Disney drink. Yeah, it's pumpkin cold brew. It's a pumpkin cream chai iced pumpkin cream chai latte. I looked it up on the vlog from last year. We're going to go and try and find one. So, let's head in. [Music] I think we're in the right line for the premium check-in. We're not flying premium, but we paid for the priority queue, which I think is this. So, we'll see. [Music] Just having a little freshen. You have to have a little freshen because it does get a bit sweaty in the security queue. So, you know, got to freshen up after. Although, I will say the security was so fast. You don't have to take laptops or liquids out anymore. So, that is obviously now a permanent thing, I guess. And I didn't have to take shoes off. There was some slightly different scanners, actually. Normally you go into this little pod and put your arms up. This was more open and you just left your arms down but like outwards. I reckon it'd be better for people who don't like feeling in any way claustrophobic cuz it was just like a thing that you stood in front of. Your arms up and you got sweaty arms. That's very nice. Sometimes people have sweaty. I mean I don't because of my wild deodorant which by the way CLA now uses as well. Don't you? Yeah. CLA's now into it. Everyone's into it. Paul uses it. We all do. Um, but yeah, the security was actually really, really easy, really fast, and we breeze straight through. So, we've got So good. So worth spending that extra little bit of money. Oh, the £12 that we paid for the premium check-in, 100% I would do that again. Like, we didn't have to wait at all. And we had a nice chat with the lady on the desk. Yeah. And then there was quite a big line for the other queue, so totally money well spent there. Definitely. Our gate info is not till 1, so we can go and discover where Starbucks is. Cla is really excited for her autumnal pumpkin drink. So hopefully we can go and get that. We've had our coffee. Cla has had her Was it exactly what you Yes, it Well, they don't actually make it anymore, but they seem to still do it. Okay. So, I'm happy with that. And it was it was yummy. Nice. Good. Good. So, we're going to go and just grab a sandwich for me for the plane and have a little wander and then it'll be time for eight. [Music] Okay. Why do I really want this? This is really cute. Well, that all went pretty quick. It is time to go to the gate already. Gate 34. That did go quick. It did go really, really, really quick. I feel like I haven't logged anything. It's already time to go on board. And the BA flight is gate 33 and ours is 34. So, they're right next to each other. And they both leave at 2. So, that was confusing. We had to make sure. Yeah. Well, you're right. I was like, "Wait a second." Two at the same time. [Music] I'm really excited to see what Norse is like, let you guys know. We'll try and show you as much as we can. Obviously, it's a little bit tricky sometimes filming on the plane. I don't want to get other people in it, but we will show you as much as we possibly can about the experience because it is significantly cheaper most of the time than VA. So, we will see. [Music] got the usual gate craziness cuz there is the BA flight and the north flight. [Music] We've got a seat next to us and nobody's in it yet. Fingers crossed. This happened to us last time. Look at my nails. Yeah, Cla has bought. Let me go and get this close up. So, we've been going about an hour and 45 minutes. We just worked out. We were hoping it was longer. It feels like longer. Yeah, it does feel a bit longer. And um so we got 6 hours 42 minutes left. We just wanted to talk about the food. They did only have one choice left, which was salmon. And Cla did not want that. Um so they gave her the box cuz it's box rather than trace. They have lots of bread. So we just wanted to show you what you actually get. So you don't get like a little side salad or anything kind of nice like that that you sometimes get with the other. Yeah. Sometimes you get like crackers and cheese crackers and cheese. And also like a little like sometimes you get a pot of orange juice or something sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. So they don't have any of that. But then we could get like a Coke. Yeah. So if you have the meal, they do bring a drink. So we both got a Diet Coke and you can order stuff as well. If you go onto your screen, they have this marketplace section. And if you go to this cafe section, there's actually quite a lot of stuff that you can buy. I would recommend buying your own snacks before you come because this is obviously more expensive, especially for things like this, like muffins and chocolate and stuff that you can bring with you. But they do have a couple of options that are more like a meal. If I just scroll through here and you can see the prices. So like these Mentos are like $3 um $4 for a small thing of Pringle. So it is expensive more so than if you bring it yourself. But if you go down through here, so they do have a like curry you can get would be $1350. Toasted sandwich, which is $1050. Some sort of veggie pizza thing, $8. So you definitely can get something um to eat if you haven't booked the meal. There was chips as well, wasn't there? Yeah, you can actually get fries, which is so random. So $6 for some fries. I actually would eat those if I got hungry. I probably would. I think the lad next to me had something like that. Yes. Yeah, the person next to us did. Oh, by the way, there is someone sat next to us. So, it's very full on the flight. By the time we were taking off, pretty much every seat was taken. But yeah, so you can order things like this. And if you did get package later on, at least there's options. The pasta, I think, comes in like a little pot almost like Yeah. And then get noodles as well. And then you can order cups of tea and coffee. Bear in mind, they will not serve those when there's turbulence, but the seat belt sign has just gone off, so I might order tea. Um, and then they bring a machine to you. So you can just tap I think contactless to pay for it. So that's how you pay. They just bring it to your seat. This in way is actually nice that you've got this whereas you don't have this on Virgin and British Airways. You kind of I mean they will always give you a snack if you need it. But I actually think it's quite cool that you can order these things whenever you want. But just bear in mind it is on the pricey side. Yeah. But you know it's not too bad. Later. Time for another cup of tea to pass the time. We're just spacing out cups of tea basically to have time. We're feeling tired now. Sleepy. I did doze off a tiny bit. Um, and I did that thing where I went like this. Yeah, you did do that a couple of times. Yeah, I can always feel that I've done it. There's not a lot to do around here, let's be honest. I've been looking around. It's really funny. Literally like everyone is snacking and I know I feel like I've eaten loads just because it's something to do. Yeah, I've eaten so much more than I would eat in a normal day. Me too. It is now what did we just say? 2 and 1/2 hours. 2 hours and 29 minutes. Okay, that's not too bad. It has been fine though. No complaints really. Certainly for the price. Yeah, it's comfortable. Like there's no issues with any of that. So, we will talk about that when we get there. But apart from that, I've had a few little walk around, stretching, napping, snacking, watching the teeth. That's about it. We've just secure babies using the seat belt we have provided. Thank you. We've just got to turbulence, so we probably won't get our cups of tea now. I was pinning a lot of excitement on that cup of tea. Finally, we're less than an hour away. I cannot wait to get off the plane now. It's just felt really long for some reason today. I do this flight a lot. Sometimes it feels really fast, other times it feels slow. And today it kind of has. [Music] We have arrived. That took a while. It took a while. It did. We were an hour um waiting to get through from our baggage and stuff, so that did take a minute, but Yeah. Well, and your suitcase took quite a while. It took longer than mine to come through, so that was a bit annoying. So, we're a bit tired now, but we're good. We're right by the Mia's desk, which is you come down in the glass elevators. Let me just spin this around. There you go. And the desk is over there. So, it's very easy. You just kind of walk out through immigration down in the glass elevator. And Mia is down here. And we are just about to head over. There's not many people waiting. So, fingers crossed that won't take long. But it's already quite late, isn't it? What time? It's half past 8. Oh, that's not too bad. But we'll probably get a refillable mug. Um, I just really want some fruit, I think. But I don't really want a big dinner. And then we will get to our room and unpack. Waited about 10 minutes there for Mia's connect. That wasn't very long at all. We feel that warm air. [Music] We made it. And what time is it? What time do we arrive? 9:30. So that's not too bad. Actually, that could have been a lot worse considering how long things were taking. So, we're going to get checked in, grab our refillable mugs. Oh, it's so nice to be here after such a long day. It's so nice when you actually arrive. We're all checked in and we're in the touchdown section which is not too far from here. So, that's really good. We're in a preferred room and we're just grabbing a couple of things here. And all I've grabbed is my refillable mug and some apple slices. That's all I fancy. I don't really need anything more than that. But definitely I wanted to get a refillable mug, especially if our room is closed because then it's easy to just pop over and grab drinks. I've gone for the pink this time because I'm trying to collect all the different colors. [Music] Oh, it's a bit warm in here. I am so tired. Yeah, me too. This is the travel day look that Claire is sporting. Yeah, this is this is like 20 hours of awakeness. Yeah. If you know, you know. If you've done a Disney travel day, it's exhausting, but totally worth it. Oh, yes. [Music] And it was funny the uh it says us up there. Yeah, it's got your names on the TV. I love that when you walk in in the Disney music and the cast member actually said, "If you walk in and there's only one bed, don't be alarmed. There's a pull down bed." Obviously, I've stayed here before, but Cla just walked in and said, "I can totally see how somebody might think, wait a second, there's only one bed." We are done for the evening. We got here later than we thought as you saw and we've just unpacked everything and I did some ironing as well of things that I want to wear tomorrow. This vlog is all going to be one big vlog of travel day and Magic Kingdom tomorrow. So, keep watching because as soon as this little bit is done and a quick transition, it will be the morning and you guys will be coming with us to the Magic Kingdom for our first day. I just wanted to very briefly tell you a little bit about our thoughts of Norse and the flight and how that was. I'll start by saying it was absolutely fine, wasn't it? So, for what we paid, the actual flight itself was normal. You know, the odd little bits of turbulence, it was just normal. Everything was normal. It was very busy, enough, comfortable, toilets were fine, leg room, all of that. So, everything was good. The main thing that I would say is it is a very different experience. So, what you don't get with something like Norse versus Virgin Atlantic is the experience. So, with Virgin Atlantic, when you're boarding the plane, the cabin crew are kind of all there so friendly. And when you sit down, you've got kind of music playing, haven't you? And the um safety demonstration video and Oh, yeah. Cuz where I was sat, I couldn't actually see them doing the you know the like sort of saying, "Oh, you pull down and put the mask over your face and all that kind of stuff." I couldn't actually see them and there's not a screen up for you to like see it happening and like there wasn't there just wasn't enough people cuz I'm only little and I was like just obviously sat too far back from the needed more people and there was no video on the screen like there is with Virgin have got that funny little cartoony thing going on. And then with Virgin, as soon as you are up in the air, they start coming around with drinks and it's just it's a whole experience. And the cabin crew are very, very engaging and very lovely. When you fly with Virgin, it's not like that with Norse. It's not that they're not friendly, don't get me wrong. It was just it's not the same experience. No, it's so hard to explain. It's No, it's not that like they're horrible or rude or nothing like that. I think it's actually more that it comes across as not particularly friendly, but it's just not warm and hi, how are you or like you know checking on you or anything. It it's kind of a lot more matter of fact. Yeah. And I think that's the reason they don't have the need to engage with you the same as when you fly with Virgin. So with Virgin because they are coming around with drinks all the time and food and um that's and snacks and that's all included in the cost of the flight. So, the cabin crew will be engaging with you regularly when you fly with Virgin. With Norse, they've got no real reason to, unless you're ordering snacks and paying for them and they're bringing them to the seat, if that makes any sense, or maybe like coming through and picking up rubbish and stuff, but generally you just don't really have the interaction with the cabin crew. I think that's what we're trying to say that is different with the experience. The inflight entertainment was absolutely fine, but um you do need to bring your own headphones with a regular Yeah, regular headphone jack. Otherwise, you'll have to pay$5 $5 for a pair. Um, I didn't bother because I had stuff downloaded on my phone. So, I just watched that. Um, I I mean, I happily would have paid the $5. I just there wasn't anything I really wanted to watch more than what I had downloaded for myself. But, just be aware of that that you do need those headphones. If you've got a pair of wired headphones or one of those iFly things where you can connect your AirPods by Bluetooth, um, you can do that. Um, but just remember about that the headphones are not included. The main takeaway that I would say is remember your headphones. Remember to bring all the snacks and drinks that you are going to want because pretty much none of them are included like they are with other airlines. Obviously, drinks you're going to need to wait until you get through cuz you can't bring liquids. So, you will have to buy your drinks from Boots or somewhere. Overall, um, in terms of the cost, I would say we paid half what the cost would be normally with Virgin on average. So, we pay £375 per person return including luggage. So, while the experience is lovely with Virgin, because I travel to Florida a lot, I would rather the flight was half the cost. So, I would 100% fly with Norse again. They do have the option for premium economy. They don't have any business or first or upper or anything like that, but they do have premium economy. And when I flew with Norwegian, I flew in those seats and they are very comfortable. So, you do have that option. In conclusion, I would 100% fly with them again if I'm looking to save some money. If I was looking to do a bit more of a special trip or it was I wanted something a bit nicer, I wanted the experience, I would go with Virgin OBA. What did you think? Would you fly with them again? Yeah, I would certainly for the price. Yeah, the airport experience upon arrival was not great compared to normal. Usually we just breeze through, no problem, especially at Terminal C. Sometimes you wait a little bit for your luggage. Um, but we waited ages for the luggage to the point where I was worried mine wasn't going to come out cuz everybody else had got theirs and moved away. Yeah, it was a big criaky crumbles moment. Where is my suitcase? Yeah. And then watching all the other flights come in and the queue for the like security passport control just get bigger and bigger and bigger. Yeah, it was wild. It basically loads of flights came in at the same time. That doesn't normally happen when I've flown before, but there were like all the carousels were taken up with luggage coming out and then everybody just piled into passport control. It was long. It was long. It was a long time. But once we got through, Mia's was fine. Everything was good and it was pretty much your average travel day. No major crisises. Everything was good. And like I said, tomorrow we are going to the Magic Kingdom and I am so excited. And the cast member who checked us in was great. She was lovely. Yeah. you know you're at Disney the minute you get to a Disney hotel. She was absolutely full of energy, so lovely. And I thought, "Yeah, this is how you know you're at Disney cuz it's always like that." Um, so it was just it's an actual magic bubble that you enter. It really is. It really is. So, and then you walk into your room and you've got your welcome message on the TV and the music which is still going in the background. On the agenda for tomorrow, like I say, is the Magic Kingdom. We have got some Lightning Lanes for Tiana's Bio Adventure. We also have Pirates and Haunted Mansion, I think. Yeah, the other two. We're going to be eating some snacks. We're going to be rope dropping a creme brulee quissant. Woohoo. Um then doing our lightning lanes and Tron we may or may not do tomorrow, but we do have other plans for Tron later in the trip. But for you guys, it will just be a quick transition and we're going to see you in the morning. Good morning from Allstar Sports. We're feeling a bit more bright and breezy this morning. Yeah, much better. But we didn't get a lot of sleep, so we are going to have an earlier night tonight, I think. Yeah. Well, I've already been awake for about 3 hours. It's like 8:20 now. So, I woke up about 5:20. Yeah. We kind of arranged today. So, we've got an early start this morning and then we've got our Lightning Lanes one after the other. Pirates, John's Bio Adventure, and Haunted Mansion. So, we're going to be doing all of that this morning and then we can leave not too late so we can go to Target and all of that and then get back to get an early night. Yeah. Well, I think we need one tonight so that we don't then ruin the whole of the rest of the holiday cuz we'll just be too tired. And yeah, like we're going back to Magic Kingdom several times. Few other times, I think, as well, aren't we? Halloween party and another day as well. So, so at least we're not then missing out, but we'll enjoy it today. Get those things done and then still come back another day. But we don't need to go too hard today, which is is good. And today's outfit, I've got my Rope Drop Club t-shirt on. This is from Magic Maker Ears, and so are the ears. So, thank you to Laura for sending those. And Claire is wearing these are from Magic Mickey ears as well. They are amazing. I love these ears. They're beautiful. And I will leave a discount code for you guys below as well. And I also have her magic make ears. Look at this little bag charm. How cute is that? Absolutely love that. Oh, we got the Dumbo bus this morning. Love that. [Music] Here we go. Love it. There is nothing like the first morning feeling and walking into the Magic Kingdom. You can hear the daffodans. Yeah, love the daffodans. We can't see them yet. We can hear them though. I don't know where they are. I think they're up here maybe. Just Oh, the smell. Do you just go off? Oh, yeah. You did. Oh, yeah. That's lovely. That was like a popcorn smell. When you're waiting for your trip, this is what you're waiting for is walking in the first feeling. It's amazing. absolutely love it. So for breakfast this morning, we really wanted to get the creme brulee quissant and a Starbucks. So we decided to divide and conquer. Cla has gone to get the creme brulee quissant from Gastons. I'm going to go in here to the main street bakery and get the coffees and then we're going to meet up, have those and then start on our lightning lanes. I believe pirates is first I want to say. We'll have a look when we sit down and let you know what the plan of action is. But just walking in here, seeing the daffodans, just getting that Disney feeling, the smell. We absolutely love it. It's so good. Are we busy in here today? No, it's actually not that bad. I've written down what Cla wants for her drink because I don't want to get it wrong. She wants the chai pumpkin thing. This is without doubt the best morning coffee spot. I've got my caramel macchiato. I'm pretty sure these people behind me are doing the Keys to the Kingdom tour. We were talking about that on a live stream recently. The Keys to the Kingdom tour is like an extra thing you can book. It's so good. I haven't done it for a lot of years, but you get to go backstage a little bit. You get loads of facts about different things in the Magic Kingdom. It's amazing. Cla has returned with the Grand Lake Cross on. This is now one of my favorite snacks. Yeah. Well, I'm looking forward to eating it. Oh my gosh, it's so good. In all of the parks, definitely in the Magic Kingdom, but I absolutely do love this. It doesn't look like what you would imagine a croissant to look like. That's confusing. But it has the actual like crunchy creme brulee kind of top on the outside and then the filling. Oh my god. It's just we just need to get into it. CLA's never tried it. I wouldn't love it now. Cut this up. That looks like Have you ever had the Sainsbury's um Madagascan vanilla custard? Oh, yes, I have. That's what it looks like. I kind of want to have a big bite in the middle. But that will go all over my face. Oh, yeah. That's nice. And then with the outside as well. Yeah. It's now one of my absolute favorite things anywhere in Disney, to be honest. M. Yeah. Yeah, I just got a bit more of the like crunchy sugary bit on the top. And that is lovely. It's so good. I've been dreaming about this ever since me and Paul had it. I've thought about school bread a few times. So, I have to have school bread. We should get that tomorrow. Mhm. I also really want to just have a dull whip. I know that almost is like a little bit boring, but doll whips are never boring. It is very good. It is pretty messy. It is messy. Yeah. I think if you gave this to a child, it would be a big old mess. Big mess. I mean, lots of things are to be fair. Whatever you give to children. We're just on our way now to Pirates, but had to stop and give you a little look at the castle. Got some blue skies starting to come as well. It was a bit overcast this morning. But this is just beautiful. I think Cla said she just spotted Donald. And oh, the statues. She's taking pictures of the statues. I thought she actually saw Donald and Daisy. She means these. I love it. I love it. We were just um commenting how many different types of classic mini ears there are. And they have got spots. You can see they have got spots on them, but that's quite nice. It's quite subtle. Oh, and actually there is the sequins with a with a spotty bow and a plain bow. Yeah. So, you've got that one, the plain bow. Then you've got spotty bow. Then you've got a different color bow as well. Yeah. There's like tons of like the classic mini ones with different versions now. Oh, look at these Halloween ones. Oh, yeah. I like them. I really like those. And they've got the pumpkin ones, too. These are really, really cool, though. I like the These are Coco. Yeah, I love Coco so much. I was just saying to Cla, you can see how quiet it is walking through here. And it's about 10:00, I think, or something like that. It's not early in the morning. Um, so the people aren't here yet. This is just what it's like on party days. It's a lot quieter in the day. And that goes for Mickey's Not So Scary and Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. On the party days during the day, it is very quiet. Love Tiki Room. Paul actually really enjoyed this last time, although we did think it was going to be real birds. The ticky ticky ticky ticky ticky room. Exactly. That the song will not leave you. It's a bit like Small World in that respect. If you hear the song, you will hear it all day. But it is a really cute show. If you haven't done it before or you're looking for something just to do in between, definitely do this. Time for our first return time. Pirates of the Caribbean. An absolute classic. This is one of my favorites in the Magic Kingdom. It's just the smell. The smell has a lot to do with it. It is such an Orlando Disney trip smell. What time is it? Are we definitely It's 10:39. Yeah, we are. So, we are in this bit, aren't we? Yep. We do have a return, but it's actually only a 5minute wait. This is kind of what it's like on these days. [Applause] Oh my goodness. What is going on? That was an actual pirate. Got regular version of the pirate stands going on there. Oh, here we go. Is that It's the jolty bit at the end always gets me. Uhoh. Claire just got a direct hit. [Music] Oh no. That really soaked me. Don't be chicken. That always makes me think of Catherine now. [Laughter] I'm studying the map. [Music] I'm confused about where Beacon Barrel is cuz it clearly is not where I thought. Oh, there the beacon barrel. We are just going to see where it is because we do have a reservation there later this trip. I can't wait to experience that and show you that in the vlogs. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Yes, it's here. So, we had that wrong. I thought it was over there, but it's actually here. We will be back another day to do that. Cannot wait. Not sure what they've got here at the moment. Golden Outpost. Let's have a look. Tiana's famous beignet. Yeah. And hot honey chicken with sweet potato fries. You know, both of those things would be nice. And the beignet, just so you guys know, are a snack credit on the dining plan because it's not too busy here at the Magic Kingdom today. I might just see if we can go into the DVC lounge. I just want to get a drink cuz I need to take some paracet because I still have a headache from travel day yesterday. I do absolutely love it in here. It's just so relaxing. It's airond conditioned. You've got coffee and tea and drinks and stuff. It's really nice. CLA's never been in here before. No, I love it. It's Well, it's like Back to the Future 3 when they're in the bar. Cla's just investigating this interactive screen because when it's left for ages, it just looks like a really cute farmhouse shelf, but it's a screen and then I guess you can click it and it shows you different DVC resorts around the world. There you go. You can see it now. I really think that's cool. I love that. Just heading over to Haunted Mansion now and we've got lots of walls up where the Liberty Bell is now gone. This is going to be becoming the new Cars Land Piston Peak and it's going to take a while. I'm not sure when it's going to be opening, but we're talking, you know, a couple of years for that. Looks like the wait time is 30 minutes, but we've got our return time, which is good. I think we paid $23 each for this today. I love that little sound it makes. Oh, I've never seen that giant fan before. That is huge. That is the biggest fan I've ever seen. Well, I was in the middle of just saying how big a fan I am of the Haunted Mansion, but that is even more of a big fan. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And are the monsters of the greatest ghost fighters of the literary world? [Music] [Music] [Music] Make final angels now. Leave them undying. ahead of you. Hey, Mr. Toad. Oh, I can feel rain. All done on the mansion and we ran into Jack and Cheryl there. So, it was really nice to talk to you guys. So, thanks for saying hi. And now we're heading down to ride Tiana's Bio Adventure. I love Tiana's. It's so pretty. I love what they've done with it. Yeah. Well, cuz last time, actually, last year when we came, I hadn't actually watched Princess and the Frog. No, you hadn't. So, I have now watched it. So, so yeah, it will kind of mean a little bit more to me this time. Yeah, I absolutely love it. And I although the drop is obviously the main event, I actually love the inside. I know. I just love going around and looking at all of it cuz it's they've done it so pretty. It's so good. Yeah. I actually enjoy the majority of it more than the drop, even though the drop is fun. I do have a poncho though because we are going to Target and to Olive Garden for dinner and I don't want to be soaked. So, I am gonna put my poncho on. We're not sure if we're supposed to walk down here, but it's not closed. It would be blocked off though, wouldn't it? If you couldn't. Let's just see what is going on here now. Oh, this makes me sad. I'm sad instantly. The Liberty Bell has gone. I'm so sad that we didn't get to do this cuz Paul actually really wanted to do it and we ran out of time. Yeah, I never got to do it. It's so good. This is actually a really nice angle to look at Tiana's as we walk. We can see how wet the people have got as well. That guy at the front is very damp. Yes. So, yeah, she is as well. You can see on her t-shirt. I like going at the back cuz I feel like the drop feels better when you're at the back. Okay. All right. Well, I'm all up for that. So, we do have our return time for this one. But just to show you guys, the standby is 15 minutes. That's crazy. It is crazy. So, in September, today is September the 9th. So, this is the kind of wait time you can expect during the day, which is so amazing. It is. Yeah. Yeah. We we did this to be on the safe side cuz we knew we didn't want to do a long day here. But it means that we could potentially like do it again if we were coming here on another party day without having to then look. Yeah. So, it's really really good. We are the longest musicians for our party. Now all musicians out here would love for y'all to play at my party tonight. [Music] What are you saying? There we go. Love it. That was not too bad. Actually, I do I always get it in my eye, but I can feel the moisture on my face, but I'm not drenched. No, no. I can see you're a bit like splashed, but that was not too bad. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you can see it like on my t-shirt. And I love this end bit. There's still more to come. [Music] [Music] We're just going to nip into Critter Co-op. What did you think of uh Sky Adventure? It's so good. It is genuinely one of my favorite rides I think in the whole of Disney. Like I love it that it's got the little drops cuz I always forget that they're coming. Especially the one that does a double thing. Make me make me scream. And then I love that it is a thrill ride and has got the big drop, but it's just so pretty to look at. Um and I Yeah, I just love the singing. I I love the bit where you then see the fireflies and then you come around in the end cuz it's the most colorful bit. I love that bit at the end. That is my absolute favorite. I love it. It is one of my favorites. Definitely. I'd go on it. I'd go on it every day. I came to Magic Kingdom. Oh, there is some kind of big giant box in here though. Sealed off. Obviously doing some work there. But this is what I love in this store. Look up at the ceiling and it's like tree roots up there. You've got the little fireflies. We just looked at these in the um little shop that's at the end of the attraction and these light up. I've never seen those ones before. They got Tiana's Bio Adventure Loungefly. That's actually really pretty as well. I would say that because I love turquoise. I love this like teal kind of color. And you can buy the little fireflies in a jar, which is so neat. Look at that. Oh my gosh. It's a Louis. Yeah. And it has Oh, that's so cool. I love that Joyful Celebration Spirit Jersey. I just love Louis. I picked up the Louiswis cuddle pillow last time I was here and absolutely love it. You can see the hoodie here on the model. It's actually got the little like scales, I guess you call those, on the back. Look at this guy. [Music] maker. [Music] So, just heading into fill her magic. Now, last year I didn't get to go on it because we tried to come here when it was Mickey's not so scary Halloween party, but it was closed cuz they were using it for a trick or treat place. So, I was really sad that I didn't get to do it. So, I really want to do it this time. They were showing the Adventures of Victor and Mr. Toad, though, if I remember correct. Yeah, they were. They were, but I wanted Phil Magic, but Philhar Magic is amazing. And the Coco scene, I know I go on about it, but I just think it's amazing. [Music] I love this music, too. Filh how Magic is a very relaxing place to be. So, Cla's gone to ride Space Mountain. I never do that one. It shakes me around way too much. So, I'm going to nip in here to Pinocchio Village House. I feel like I need a little something to eat. We're eating tonight at Olive Garden. So, I definitely don't want to eat too much, but I'll get some kind of snack. And then after that, Cla's going to come back here. We're going to go to ride a Little Mermaid, then get the train around from the Storybook Circus area to Main Street, and then probably go in a few of the stores and stuff before we head out of here for the day. So, that's the plan of action. And I always do mobile order. I just find that much easier. It's not filming the screen very well, so apologies for that. was doing a weird lighting thing. They've got a buffalo chicken flatbread, which is a featured item, chicken parmesan sandwich, all meat flatbread, pepperoni flatbread, gourmet cheese flatbread, Caesar salad with chicken. Oh. Oh, the little clock's going off. I'm probably going to have chicken strips with Caesar salad, I think. Right, got myself something. And in the end, I went for the side salad. So, this is just a really nice little small size salad. And then I got the kids um chicken strips. You just get two. And for the side with the kids meal, I just got two mandarins cuz then I can eat those later on. Comes with a little water as well. And I paid $12 something for that. So actually that's not too bad at all. And I really just love the Caesar salad here with the chicken strips on. And they used to sell that as an actual meal, but they don't anymore. But this is quite nice because once you put your chicken strips on top of the side salad, it's not too big. So, that's a really nice little compact size. It's been so nice so far today. It's been a really relaxed day. And like I said with the um multipass, we really didn't need to do that today in hindsight. And I suspected that would be the case just because it is quiet on party days. But like Claire was saying a minute ago, she's still glad that we did it because it's just meant that coming into today, we didn't have to worry about are there going to be long lines or are we going to be able to do all the attractions we wanted to. We have just been able to make extra lighting lanes as we've gone along. So Claire is obviously just doing Space Mountain now and that was a Lightning Lane and we've been able to make extra ones easily today. It has been so quiet. I haven't seen the Magic Kingdom as quiet for a while. Last time I was here was in May and obviously when I was here with Paul, it was a lot busier than this. So September is definitely a good time to come in terms of crowds. It is still quite humid, but it's definitely not as hot as it was in May. And also you do get a lot of thunderstorms and showers and stuff at this time of year, but that is just Florida for you. That happens all the time. I think for me my favorite it probably is still May even though it can be quite hot because I do love Flower and Garden Festival but January, February is starting to become one of my favorite times of year just because I love how much cooler it is and I love Festival of the Arts and Epcot as well. So it really depends. Different times of year are good for different reasons. I do get that question a lot. I love the outside of this attraction. It looks so good and actually those storm clouds brewing that does give it like can almost be like what happens in the film. Yeah. Yeah. about having an Ursula moment. This is my favorite castle out of all of them. Yeah, this looks so good. It's been great today just walking onto these rides. Go you make you not a fish. [Music] Love that. Such a cute ride. And we're just going to walk through here to get to the train, which I'm hoping is still running, but I don't have reason to believe it's not. Oh, I hope it is. Yeah, I know. That'd be disappointing. Going to take a quick look in Big Top Souvenirs. I sometimes find some quite unique stuff in here. Oh, yeah. Smell that. I wish you guys could smell through the vlog. Yeah. Love how this place looks. They've got lots of Halloween items. These like puffy ears. These are actually really soft and puffy. This Halloween shirt is very cool. If Paul was here for the Halloween party, he would totally wear that. And they've got the lug bag here. That's so lovely. I mean, it's it's small. Yeah, it would be too small for me. That's the problem with these ones. I'm not a Croc fan, but if you do like Crocs, I think you would like those. And the mug. Oh, Claire's just popped up. That's really nice. That's so funny. You just like near cated up over the top of the thing. They do have some really nice treats in here, though. Did you say that Catherine quite likes the apples? Catherine is obsessed with the apples. She does love Easter. But which one does she normally go for? Whenever we've been here, it's been the Easter ones. So, she quite likes the Easter cuz I mean I think that one looks obviously the most classic. It's worth noting that the tables and chairs are back in here again. And there's a few more over there. For a while, they taken them away. And these are actually really handy for sitting down and eating your snack. So, I'm glad those are back. [Music] This train's headed straight from Main Street, USA. We'll head on back to Fantasy Land after that. Stay seated and keep your hands and arms, feet, and legs inside. [Applause] [Music] would say we give our fellow travelers a friendly way to open after all. Welcome to Main Street, USA. You can see the top of the castle. Yeah, this is actually a really nice view from up here. Yeah, you see the castle poking out. Cla just uh pointed out there. Except it would be lovely if the sky was blue. Yeah, it's a bit I can feel some drops of rain. Actually, we could just see as the train was pulling in all of the people waiting to come in for the Halloween party. They should be able to get in in about 20 minutes time. So, I think we're going to go down onto Main Street, take a look in a few of the stores and then come in, maybe go after that. Yeah. So, I think that's what we're going to do. I love this picture of Lillian. I've never noticed that before. Lillian is Walt's wife, just in case anybody didn't know that. It's a very pretty picture of her. That's nice, isn't it? And there's the man himself. I love that there's a picture of both of them here. Yeah. I love Main Street so much. I know. Even when there is drops of rain. Yep. It still is great. It's always beautiful whatever the weather. See what's new in the ear section. Love the Cruella ones. They're really fluffy. I think this bag is new. They had one of these for the 50th anniversary that was in a navy color. Now they've got it in this red one. They are larger than a Loungefly. Oh yeah, they are quite a lot larger. Yeah, you get more in there. Yeah. Like if I put mine next to it. Yeah. So you definitely get more in that one. It's like a little suitcase. Yeah. I do quite like the square shape. This sweatshirt is really nice. I love that. I've seen these a lot on Instagram in the last couple of weeks. They have the Starbucks almost like a Stanley Cup style, but I don't think it is a Stanley Cup, is it? It's just Starbucks brand. Sometimes these ones are like Turvis, but I don't think so. I think it's just Starbucks own. It's a really nice design though. I love that. Yeah, you've got like a Mickey pumpkin on one side. Yeah. And then I think it was um like it's different colored ones. That's really nice. Look, your little normal Starbucks cup. That's cute. I love that. I feel like you should have that. Yeah. Look at this Haunted Mansion range. Oh, Victoria, you need this. They've got a spirit jersey as well. It says ghost host. Yeah, look at it. So good. Crocs as well. The Crocs are everywhere. And they've got mugs here, too. They've got this Haunted Mansion range as well, which is like the wallpaper. I think I prefer the green one. Yeah, I do. I really like this shirt, though. Yeah, that is nice. That's actually very cool. Cla's spotted some Winnie the Pooh stuff. Oh my gosh, look at his hat. Look at how cute that is. Eeyore with the candy corn hat. A, that really is very, very cute. Look at Pig. in his dinosaur costume and Tigger jumping out of the pocket. Oh, look. And he's in a pumpkin outfit who is like scared of his shadow. [Music] That's really cool though. I love that. Just over here is all the Halloween party stuff. So, it's roped off. We will of course look at that when we come back from Halloween party, but we can't go in there today. I'm trying to get a little sneak peek at what they have. It's hard to see though. So, we'll come back and do that on Halloween party night. Look at the Mickey vampire bag. I mean, to be fair, they're all nice, really, aren't they? But yeah, that's quite cool. This mug has got, if you look at the side, you got the cheetah there, the sassy cheetah from Small World. Got Space Mountain. I can see a doll whip and popcorn. Yeah. Fireworks, Tron, Orange Bird, Dumbo, Montreal, and that's a Starbucks one. That's actually very cute. I love that. We decided to exit from there because people were coming in for the merchandise. It really was getting quite busy. We're just going to head over to Main Street Confectionary to see if there's a Disney treat that we want to take back with us. I'm sure they will. I'm not going to get popcorn, though. I normally do, but I don't know. I feel like that's a big snack. I feel like I need a massive snack. I feel like I need a little snack. The last time I got that, I didn't end up eating all of it because there just is so much and then it goes stale, which is not good. Oh, the smell. Straight in. And we've got some Halloween apples here and the Rice Krispie treats. This is the best place to look if you want to see everything that they have. This is all the different treats in here. I think these ones here have been done for the Starllight parade and the popcorn as well. I don't know what I want. No, neither do I. Claire has got the Twi Is this the Twix? Yeah. Well, it's called the Blondie Pie, but it is Twix. Nice. That looks amazing. I can't decide. I do love a Rice Krispie treat and I quite like the like Starlight grade one. This one down here. Yeah, I think this one. Yeah. Yeah, that looks nice. I did just ask about the trash can. Someone asked me to get one and they have sold out. Oh no. I was potentially going to get one for myself, but yeah, the trash can or trash candy where you put your candy inside are no more. They have sold out and they don't know if they're ever going to get them again. So Oh my goodness. Really? Yes. I should have got one at the time. Never mind. We live and learn. It's time to say goodbye to the Magic Kingdom just for now. The vlog isn't over. I am going to put Target up as a separate vlog. But we will be back with you when we get back to the resort and do a round up of the day and everything, but there's going to be plenty more from the Magic Kingdom this trip. We're back to the Halloween party and I think another day as well. We're coming back one evening to do the parade. Um the new Starlight Parade, which I'm so excited. Yeah, me too. It's really cool. There's going to be much much more Magic Kingdom to come. But yes, goodbye for now. Everyone's coming in for the party. So, we're going to make It's getting busy. Yeah. So, we're going to leave now. And our plan of action is to go to Animal Kingdom Lodge to get our Uber across the Target because that's the closest to the Target that we're going to. And we've decided to go in because we might actually eat here, we think, rather than go somewhere different. We were going to go to Olive Garden tonight, but we might do that tomorrow night. And we're going to check out Victoria Falls first of all, cuz I did see something the other day saying that they have some small plates that are quite nice. Otherwise, we'll go to the Mara. So, we'll see. But Cla just really wants to see us. I can't wait to walk into the lobby. Here it is. Oh my gosh. Doesn't matter how many times I see this, it's just stunning. It is beautiful. It is, isn't it? Look at I love the lights. Like the big lamp shades. Yeah. And like I said, no matter how many times you see it, it just is incredible every single time. And this whole area down here, there's so many nice places to just sit and relax. I'm just sitting here relaxing, and it is honestly the best place to sit and chill. I cannot recommend this highly enough. In fact, I might set you guys down next to me and you can just chill here for a while with me. [Music] [Music] Just here in the shop now. And look at these ears. These are so nice. Even the shop at this resort is so beautiful. [Music] I love this little Carl and Ellie mail box. And actually once you've eaten the I think it's got chocolate or biscuits, animal crackers in there. And then you can use it as a money box once you're done with it. And look at the other side with the little flag. That's really cute. And this is Victoria Falls. I think we just go down these stairs. You got Bulma right down at the bottom. And we're just going to go on this level. It does look kind of busy, but hopefully there'll be a seat and we can just see what they've got. I don't know that we will want to eat here cuz they only do a few little small things, but we'll see what they have. Olives with almonds, spiced goat cheese dip with breads. Cape Town slap chips, which is fried potatoes, a regular apricot sh. Oh, I would try them. They sound really interesting. Suya spiced duck drums. M fry burger and seasoned chips and a grub board which is like meats and cheeses. Our drinks have arrived and we both ended up going for one of the drinks that's on the alcoholic menu but no alcohol in it. So you can get it as a mocktail because frankly we're too tired to drink alcohol. We're not it's it's not that moment. I don't drink a lot anyway. Cla's not a big drinker either. I've got this one which was the pear like mule. And mine is a bit more like a pina colada. Kind of like a pina colada, but it says something about chai. Yeah, spiced chai colada maybe. Does it taste in Have you got like chai vibes going on? Oh, no. Okay. Pineapple is the overriding flavor. But it's very nice though. Lovely. And we are getting the Cape Town slap chips as well. So, I'm excited for those to arrive. I'm wondering if it's going to be anything like a night blossom cuz it's got that pink hair kind of look to it. It's probably going to be nothing like that. I really like that. It actually has got night blossom that edge to it because it's got that pear flavor. Oh, my exciting happening over there. And it has like a ginger like a really almost like fizzy slightly spicy gingerness to it. Really really good. I might get Claire to try it. I don't know if you can hear me at this point. Oh, really good. That is nice. Yeah, I absolutely love that. I mean, that is nice and sweet, and I do always go for sweet drinks. So, yeah. I mean, I'd have both of them again. Yeah. The slap chips have arrived. And these look good, don't they? I don't know if you can see, but that one in particular, it looks like quite nice and crispy on the outside, but then really soft and fluffy on the inside. Yeah. And I feel like they look quite salty. Yeah. Cuz there was a craze for this type of thing. I kept seeing them on Instagram like the the the smashed potato craze with various different flavors on M. Is it good? Yeah, that is quite good. What is it? Is this rocket? I think so. Yeah. Are they spicy? No. No. It has got a nice crunch to the skin. Yeah. Oh, nice. Okay. This is what it looks like. They do smell really good. They're quite tasty, aren't they? They're really nice. Yeah. Okay, I'm just going to put this out there. If you are ever wanting to go somewhere and chill, wanting to take a break, come to Animal Kingdom Lodge and get yourself one of these drinks, some of these um smash chips. What are they called? Slap Slap Chips. Get yourself some slap chips. So, that's going to be it from Animal Kingdom Lodge. I don't think we'll be back this trip. We don't have a reason to come back. That doesn't mean we won't be. Oh, here. Yeah, but we don't have any plans to. So, just wanted to show you this amazing lobby one more time. We are back at the room now. It was really hot and sweaty walking back to the room. So, excuse me looking a mess. I've got my cup of tea in my refillable mug and we have just been back here chilling now. I'm really glad we went to Animal Kingdom Lodge and went to Victoria Falls. That was so good. The drinks there and what we had to eat was really good. And I just love going to the resorts and discovering the little lounges, bars, and places where you can get coffee and stuff. There's so many nice ones in the Disney resorts and they're just such a amazing site, the hotel lobbies. So, if you haven't ever done that and gone around to the different ones, I would highly recommend doing it. I normally take one day off my trip, usually a Saturday. That was Cla coming in. Um, usually a Saturday to go around the resorts because the parks are busy. So, that's a good day to do that. And I just love it. There's so many different ones, so many different things to see. So, I definitely try and take some time to do that because it's just one of my favorite things to do. Today was amazing. We really enjoyed it and it was just good to have the multipass. Like I said, I don't really think we needed it. I definitely couldn't say that it was necessary in any way, but we did like the fact that we had that arranged ahead of time. We knew we'd definitely be able to ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure and not have to queue for a long time for it. So, we were just glad that we did that. Just feel like we did loads of stuff really. I mean, we were obviously up nice and early. What did I do today that I hadn't done? I went on the train. Yep. Cuz we hadn't I hadn't done that before. Did you do Space Mountain last time? Oh, you did? No, I didn't do Space Mountain last time. It was down and then that Cuz you said Phoebe would have wanted you to do it. Yeah, that's right. So So yeah, I'm I did do Space Mountain. I mean, I had done that before, but I didn't do it on the last one. So yeah, I did do it this time. What else was The lounge was new to you as well. Oh, yeah. I really liked the lounge. That was cool in there. That was nice to go in and have a drink and sit down. It was just a real nice calm, chill atmosphere. Yeah. And then, oh, I was really pleased that we did um feel her magic because we didn't get to do that last time and I do like that one a lot. And then going to Animal Kingdom Lodge. A food that we had there was lovely. Yeah, it was so nice to see Kate today. I did put something up on Instagram. I didn't put that in the vlog because we very briefly saw her and we didn't even plan it. We just happened to run into her. We knew she was obviously going to be there. um today, but we hadn't actually planned to meet today because we are meeting her tomorrow. It's her birthday tomorrow and we're going to go for breakfast. So, I will get her to briefly say hello in the vlogs cuz I know you guys would love to see Kate. Um albe it briefly because they've got other plans for the rest of the day, but we are meeting for a breakfast at Ae and Compass. And that's why we wanted to come back and get to sleep this evening because we've had two nights really of bad sleep. So, I didn't sleep good in the Premier Inn cuz I never do. Then, we had a really long travel day. didn't sleep very good last night. So, if I then don't sleep good again tonight, it's going to be off on a bad bad trajectory trae trajectory trajectory. Yes, this is how tired I am. I can't say words like that at this point in the evening. Um, but yeah, for the rest of the trip, if you do like get too tired at the beginning, it's bad news. So, we are going to head to bed on that note. Um, but I just want to say a huge thank you to everybody who came up to us today in the parks. We met so many lovely, lovely people today. Um, you guys are amazing who watch the vlogs and I love saying hi to you. So, please do always come up and say hello if you do see us. You need to be scared. Yeah, some people message me and say, "Oh, we didn't want we didn't want to disturb you or we were worried about coming up." Please, please do come and say hello cuz we love it. And we're very excited for Epcot tomorrow. We are, like I say, going to breakfast at Airlen Compass. We then will be Guardians doing Guardians. Cla is obviously very excited. So am I. Um, I just want Disco Inferno again. I always do. So, we're doing that. We also have GO82, the Spaceship Earth Lounge. So, that is super exciting. I've never done that before. And we're going to try and ride Ratatouille because we keep missing out on that. Yeah. And I don't at some point I would really like to go on Frozen. Yes, we might try and do that as well tomorrow. We should also have a look at some of the food snacks around the world. Yeah, we definitely want to do that. Um, school bread is quite high on the agenda and CLA just saw on Disney food blog earlier today in the caramel store in Germany they have some kind of appleley crumbly thing pie. It looked good. It did look good. It did look good. So, we might have to try and make room for that as well. And I did show you earlier what Cla got from Main Street Confectionary. And I didn't show what I got which was the Rice Krispie treats and it's the one from like the Starite Colors. So, this I guess is to go along with the Starlight Pride. They had a few things that were this color. And am I going crazy? I mean, in many ways, but I'm asking for a specific reason. Did the stick used to be in the bottom of these? Oh, because I swear when you held it like this, it used to be up the other way. Oh, right. Am I going crazy? Oh, well, it Yeah, now you've said it, that seems weird. Yeah. I swear the stick used to be in the bottom almost like the neck and you would eat the ears first. So you'd eat it like the ears. Yeah. So they were all like this. So I there must be a reason. Maybe they kept falling off the other way. But I've never had one fall off the stick. But anyway, please let me know in the comments. Am I imagining it or did the stick used to be the other way up? Cuz this isn't a mistake. They were all like this. Yeah. So yeah, let me know cuz I don't know. But it smells good, looks good, and it's very, very pretty. So, I hope you guys have enjoyed this vlog. This will be travel day and Magic Kingdom, so I don't know how long it will have been, but I hope you did enjoy it. If you did, please do give it a thumbs up because that helps other people to find it. And don't forget to subscribe because there is so much coming up. We've got all of the rest of this trip. We got so many things planned and then Paul and I will be back in November to experience the festive season. There's going to be so much going on. So, yeah, we would love to have you along for the journey on all of these. And just a huge thank you to you all for following along here, watching the vlogs, commenting, subscribing, supporting over on Patreon, um on Instagram, everything that you guys do. I really do appreciate each and every one of you. And like I said, I love talking to you and meeting you in the parks as well. I hope you're all well and having a great week. And we will see you next week for the next episode, which will be Epcot. Bye bye. [Music] Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much. [Music]
