---
video_id: JR5O_sw2-xY
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "WALT DISNEY WORLD VLOG ✨ Epcot, San Angel Inn and Luminous: The Symphony of Us fireworks"
published: 2025-11-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR5O_sw2-xY
---
I I take me home today. Take me out to play. Take me back into sweet sweet. Good morning everyone and welcome to a brand new Disney detail vlog. And you can see behind me where we are. Very exciting. This is my favorite park. And we were discussing our favorite parks the other day. Cla thinks it might also be her favorite park. First trip to Disney was back in 2018 and Epcot was my least favorite. I don't know if it's like because of the age of my children and like perhaps maybe they didn't enjoy it as much, but I don't know. We just didn't feel Epcot at all. Whereas I don't know. I feel like now I like the feeling of just coming here. It's kind of quite chill and relaxing and but then it's got guardians and I don't know I just I just like being here. I wonder whether it's pe the effect of people coming here with me because Claire now has totally changed her mind. Paul loved it and said it was his favorite. I think I just love it so much that I just I don't know radiate that. I absolutely love the other parks but um you know it's not as if I don't love the other ones. It's just special. I love it so much. So today we're going to be riding Guardians as soon as we get in. Actually we've got a lightning lane for that. Then we are going to be doing a couple of other things. I've got a live stream for my Patreon members at 3. We're also dining at San Andell Inn. I'd like to maybe do Living with the Land Again and perhaps Awesome Planet. They were really good. And Journey of Water, the Moana attractions. We're going to do some more of that. Yeah, hopefully. I think Saurin at the moment is about 45 minutes. That'll probably lower down a bit later. So, we'll see how we go. And we're going to watch Luminous tonight as well. Here we are. And we've got beautiful weather compared to last time. It was dark and gray the other day with rain. So, this is stunning. And I just love the music when you come into Epcot. Okay, we're just cutting through connections. Connections cafe. I always get creations and connections. I know you do. And now because you do, I now have no idea what is what. No connections. Connections cafe. We're just cutting through to go to Guardians. Keep everything crossed. The conga or just the Inferno. That's all we do. Just I just don't want Iran. No, we don't know it, so we don't love it. But anyway, it's always good. So, we're going to go and ride this. And then maybe I do need a drink cuz it's very hot today. It's super hot, isn't it? Compared to the rest of the Absolutely boiling. Yeah. But at least actually like Guardians like queuing is completely indoors. Yeah. So, like we'll get nice and cool in a minute and stay cool for a while. Yeah. And then we can grab a drink. I might actually grab a Joffrey today. And my outfit today, by the way, these ears are from Magic Maker ears. These lemon yellow ones. And I've got my other lemon dress on today. I do love a lemon outfit. I do. I don't know why. I couldn't tell you, but I do. Here we are. I love this ride. I do truly believe that this is the best thing they have at Disney now. I love Flight of Passage. I love Haunted Mansion. Those two are forever, you know, my fave. But I do think this is just incredible. Guess what song we got? We got Disco. So good. Cuz you can start dancing like immediately, can't you? You're still flying backwards and dancing. Yeah, disco inferno the best. We were so happy. It did the slow burn thing at the beginning though with which is like is the intensity building up cuz it says jump back and normally you go straight back but then it there's like some dialogue that happens and then you just sat there and you're like where is it going to go? It's so good. Amazing. Absolutely love this. I am so so pleased that we were doing it again and that we got that song. Me too. Definitely. Ah, they do have the mango peach refresher again. I really liked that the other day. So I might get one of those. It does have caffeine in it. She It doesn't taste like coffee in the slightest, but it does come from white coffee bean extract or something, she said. So, I think I'm gonna have that. We've got our drinks, and I feel like this might be one of my new favorite drinks. Peach and mango. Peach mango refresher. Yeah, it's really nice. It's got the tiniest bit of oat milk in it, which gives it the slightly cloudy look, but it does not taste like milk in any way whatsoever. It's just like watery juice. Yeah, it's really really nice. And of course, we did have to get the Joffre donut. It just looks too good really to not get, doesn't it? When you're stood there, you're like, "Oh, I need one." Yeah. I mean, they're very sharable. So, I would do that. Mom will be jealous. She loved the Joffrey's donuts when we were here. It was one of her favorite things. Actually, we used to share one a lot of days. We're all done in Connections Cafe with our drink. And it's coming up time for the live stream now with Patreon. So, I will leave the vlog here just while I do that. And when I pick it back up, we'll probably be inside the land pavilion, I would think. And hopefully, we're going to ride Living with the Land or maybe Soarin and then head off around the World Showcase. It actually doesn't seem too busy here today. Becky said it was super busy yesterday to the point where they left early because there was such long lines for everything, all the food and wine festival booths and the attractions. It is hot today. This is probably the hottest day that we've had so far. But because it's a breeze, it's actually really nice compared to when I was here in May, which was just so warm. [Music] So, the live stream is all done. That was really nice to catch up with the guys on Patreon. If you're interested in that, I'll link it below. And I found Claire again. As you can see, she's been doing the Moana walk through. I went and saw Walt and had a little chat with him. Photo with him. Love that. And then I also watched the first song on Encanto. The encou did do quite a bit. That's good. So, we're going to ride Living with the Land now. Um, this was one of my mom's favorites when we came here. She loved this. And then I need to go on a quick mission um to buy a memory card. I don't know if I told that story. I can't remember. If I did, you already know. If it's a terrible story, it's not a good story. If I didn't, I'll tell you later. Um, and then we're going to reconvene by France in the World Showcase and make our way around the World Showcase and eventually end up in Mexico for our San Helen dinner. Yes. Yummy. And I love Mexico as well. Me too. My favorite one. We haven't been in that pavilion yet. No, I know. So, we'll do that. But first of all, living with that. If you're looking for a relaxing ride, this is always a good one. And actually, this ride is quite good seasonally. So, depending on the time of year, they do change around the displays that you're kind of seeing. Oh, do they in the green houses. So, like at Christmas. Yeah, at Christmas they actually have light up things going on if you do it at night time. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert, but over time. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture, cow, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world. All done on Living with the Land. I love that. It always makes me think of my mom. So, I love it. Change of plan. I do need to go on the mission to get the memory card, but I'm going to do it after dinner because we didn't realize what time it is. And it's almost time to go over to the Mexico pavilion. We're going to take a slow walk over and have our dinner. And I am actually ready for it. We've had half a donut today. We were just discussing. You're going to ask to sit by the river? I normally do. I normally ask for a water table. Perhaps we should and then we can let you know how long we have to wait. Oh yeah, let's do that. That would be a nice idea. Yeah, I usually do that and it's worth it cuz it's beautiful being there by the water as the Grand Fiesta tour boats go past and we will try and do Grand Fiesta tour afterwards as well. We're just passing by Bramblewood Bites where they have grilled cider brind pork tenderloin, cast iron seared river trout and cast iron roasted Brussels sprouts and root vegetables. Definitely the fish and the Brussels sprouts would not be my thing. This area does change what it's called with the seasons. It is currently harvest hollow. We've got mills and molds here. You look on these pillars, they tend to have photos, which is more what we want to see. They have butternut squash and ginger bisque. That could be nice, actually. Freshly baked carrot cake. Paul would love that. Full fruit cheesecake. Ooh, all of these sound good. And apple, cinnamon, and caramel mini churro sundae. That sounds pretty good. I would actually eat all of those things. Maybe if we can squeeze it in, we could try that afterwards if we haven't had a pudding. I don't normally have dessert at San Helen. So, I could totally missed the mon. Uh I think I caught it on camera just behind. Yeah, I I actually the full fruit cheesecake or the um churro thing. I would totally actually probably be quite nice. Do you know that almost reminds me a little bit of the um the cheesecake or whatever it was you had last year in Be Our Guest. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That does look a bit like that. Over here is Forest and Field. Here they've got an autumn chili, which is um a vegan item. Pumpkin mascapony ravioli. I would totally eat that. That sounds amazing. Sashiat. How do you pronounce that? I have no idea. I don't know. I'll let Cla take that one. And that one has ham, sundried peppers, arugula, full squash, and pistachio pesto on warm fork catcher. And here we are in my beloved World Showcase. Like I said, I feel like I could wander around here every day. I love it. Spaceship Perth is looking amazing. I do miss what this looks like though during flower and garden festival. Oh yeah. Okay. Cuz it's covered, isn't it? You've got all of the flower beds. Then you've got the floating flowers. It just looks stunning at that time of year. And it does feel busy here in the World Showcase, but not unmanageable. During food and wine festival, it is a Sunday as well. It is always going to be busy, especially when you get into like late afternoon, evening. I will say though, even though it's nice to be places in Disney World when it's not crowded, when we were walking around here the other day when it wasn't open yet and there was no one, I feel like there's no atmosphere. Yeah, maybe I actually kind of would prefer it to have a bitier. Yeah, just a bit busier. You don't want it crazy, but it's a bit more atmosphere when there's more people around. I'm not going to, but I could totally have another peach mango refresher. Let's hope it stays for you. Yeah, I hope it stays as a permanent thing. It's so good. Got the Mexico booth here. Let's see what they're doing for the festival. I reckon I I think these might be up my street, but let's have a look. Tostada de carnitas, which is braced pork on top of fried corn tortilla. Flout is fried tortillas filled with beef and salsa verde, romaine lettuce. That sounds nice, too. And then they have a flan or flan. Flan flan, which always makes me think of friends. Yeah, it does. Me, too. Yeah. Uh here we are back in my happy place. Well, all of Walt Disney World is my happy place, but especially the Mexico pavilion. It actually like does blow my mind because you can start feeling the coolness like way before you get there as well. Not that I can yet. No, but you do like you start feeling the coolness. It just like draws you in even more, doesn't it? We're going to tell you when we can feel it. It does drag you in. Let's see. I just I felt it. I'm getting it. I'm getting it. As we come in here, they've got a sugar skull wall. 64 sugar skulls on display were hand painted by Alberta Hernandez Santiago, a Mexican folk artist who created colorful wood carvings at Epcot's Mexico pavilion since 2002. That is the first year I came to Disney World. They are good. And there's a whole wall of them. The tequila bar is always extremely busy. It's very small, so you can't fit a lot of people in there, but yeah, everybody wants to go in. We've got some three Cavalero's ears there. I feel like they're slightly different than what I've seen before. We're all checked in, and they did say it'll only be a few minutes for us to have a water table, which is really great. Yucky. Yeah, we are. Normally, you have to wait a lot longer, so that's really good. And they have changed the seating in this restaurant recently, so I'll film as we're walking in. There's a lot more booth seating. They've almost put dividers up between some of the tables, which is different than it used to be. So, I'll show you that as we go by. You can kind of see it from here, actually. Can you see there the walls that are in between the tables? So, it's almost just a bit of a privacy screen, I guess, so that you don't feel too close to your neighbors, which is nice. We are seated. And this table is absolutely beautiful. You probably see behind me. We have the boats going by on Grand Fiesta Tour. And let me just spin this around. You can see the rest of the restaurant. So, this is the view of what I'm looking at. And it is just beautiful. I love it in here so much. I honestly when I'm thinking about reservations of where to eat in Epcot, this is always up there. Yeah, it really does feel like you're just transported. So, when you're outside walking around the World Showcase and it might be very hot and busy and just crazy. You come in here and you suddenly do feel like you're on a different vacation and it's very relaxing. It's cool and you Yeah. You feel like you're in a restaurant outside. It feels like it's the evening. Yeah. It feels like it's nighttime in Mexico in a beautiful restaurant. So, we love it. It can be a little hard to read the menu because it's kind of dark in here, but they've added these little lamps. They do a soup here, which I've had a lot of times before. The tortilla soup with fried corn, tortilla strips, avocado cheese. It is good. That is really good. Corn ribs. Oh, is that where they like cut chunks of corn on the cob? So, it almost looks like ribs. It's It's like a vegan kind of thing that you get a lot of places. I have had that a few places. I don't know. I think it's cilantro um spring onions. Cilantro is um what do we call it? It's the stuff that tastes like washing up liquid to me. The lemony stuff. What is that called? Coriander. Oh, that. Okay. An herb. Herb. It's an herb. I don't think they call spring onions spring onions, though. Scallions. That to me sounds like crabby. Oh, yeah. It sounds like fish to me. Yeah, that's so weird, isn't it? Be something that does sound like that. That is maybe something. I don't know. Yeah, I always think that it sound totally sounds like something fishy. The chips are here and I fear it is an even bigger portion than last night at Free Bridges. This is a huge amount of chips. If it is a busy day in Epcot, this will just chill you out. Yeah. Right. Definitely. Cuz you can hear the water as well, can't you? Food has arrived. And this is my soup, which they just pour into the bowl. already all sorts of stuff. Yeah. What was in it? Avocado, tortilla strips and stuff. And then they call the soup. Right. Okay. And these are the corn ribs, which is exactly what I thought it was going to be. They do look quite nice as well, actually. They like the cheese like all over the top. Yeah. And these are big as well. I've had these before, but they've been small. These are You can't really see mine. I don't know if you can see it on the camera. Claire has the blue arajas, and it's basically chicken with a cream sauce. I think was there plantains underneath was roasted potatoes, peppers, onion, and then a creamy sauce um with the like chicken, grilled chicken breast. I feel like these rib things are going to be very very very Let me add another very messy. So this is what they look like. Oh my goodness, this is so good. That's like the corn that I get from the Flower and Garden Festival. You know, the garlic, but instead of garlic, it's like a nice savory kind of sprinkle and cheese. Spice on it. A little bit. It's not spicy though. It's more um just flavorful than spicy. That is delicious. Let's just try this soup. All of it is amazing. The queso and the chips, this, the corn, this Claire's. The food here has actually got better over the years. back in like 2010, a lot of people didn't rate it around then. Um, that was the first time I came here, but it has just got better and better and better, and this is delicious. So, big thumbs up. Highly recommend this. The soup was messy. The corn was messy. I don't even know what's going on here, so excuse anything that might be on my face. Um, the dessert menu, I'm not having a dessert, but Claire is going to go for something. Just to let you know what they have, though. They have trilles, I think is how you say it, which is milk soaked sponge cake topped with sweet corn, ice cream, and toasted almonds. I have had the sweet corn ice cream here before. It really does taste like sweet corn. It sounds gross, but it's not. I don't know. It's hard to explain. Then you can just get the sweet corn ice cream on its own with popcorn and chili powder. Then they have a flan. And then they have Mexican flavored sorbet and a celebration cake. But that's $39, so it must be big. Here is Cla's flan. That looks nice, actually. Let's get the verdict. I never really eat desserts here. M. I'm assuming that's good. M. That is so really creamy. Yeah, good choice. Okay, it's raining, but it's really sunny. This kind of thing does happen in Orlando. It's actually quite nice. It's cooling things down a bit. I am just on my way to the beach club to try and sort out this memory card. The hard drive will not connect up to the laptop, so I can't put anything more on it, and I don't have enough storage on memory cards. So, I need to buy another one. I don't want to bother buying a whole new hard drive because that'll be expensive. And the only real way to get a memory card, not too expensive, is to order one using Uber. So, I'm going to order one from Target, but I need to get somewhere where I can get it delivered. So, I'm walking out to the beach club. Hopefully, I can then get it delivered and I will be sorted. So, these things happen. You get technical issues. I do have spare memory cards with me. One of them is broken, as in physically broken. I didn't realize it's like snapped and the other one just isn't working. So, I'm having a massive tech fail on this trip. I'm just walking past the Alps booth and I will be honest, that cheese is stinky. It's not just me. I saw several people just walking past there holding their nose and kind of going, "What is that?" It does really stink. I know some people love stinky cheese. I do not. I just like cheddar. I am not a stinky cheese fan. And I definitely want to come back to Germany later to go in the caramel store to get something. That's why I didn't have any dessert at dinner cuz I do prefer to grab something from there or a festival booth. You never know what I might see. [Music] I made it to the beach club. I'm in this nice comfy chair now just waiting for this memory card to turn up. I did get the boat over cuz there was one there just as I was walking out of Epcot. So I figured I've got some time to kill while I wait for it. So I just took a nice little boat ride over and hopefully it won't be too long. It says like 20 25 minutes. I've just got to wait for this memory card to come. It's so annoying when things like this happen. Um next time I think I just need to bring even more spare ones and maybe an extra hard drive. I've never really had that happen before. It was a brand new hard drive as well. So I just don't know why it's decided not to work. I've got it. expensive memory card compared to back home, but it was still cheaper than getting in an Uber and going to Target and back. So, at least I have it now, so we're all sorted. Let's go and find Cla. It's probably going to be quite busy here in the World Showcase. I absolutely love this time of night. It's not quite dark yet. Perfect weather, too. CLA did lots actually while I was my memory card. So, I went on the Grand Fiesta tour. What did I then do? I then wed I was pondering and ended up going back towards the land pavilion and I went in there and I did soaring and actually the thing that was quite cool cuz I was by myself obviously and they've got like questions like a trivia quiz thing on the wall so I was actually like entertained the whole way through. So that was quite good and so obviously is a great ride. And then I went up and watched Awesome Planet. Nice. Went through Canada and popped into the little shop there and then around UK and that was then when you messaged me. Yeah. And we met up to got some nice stuff done and we've got a really good spot here for the fireworks now. Oh yeah. We got another mango peach pressure. We're a bit obsessed and this is our spot for the fireworks. So we're right on the bridge and you can see the firework cruise boats. So you can book yourself a private fireworks cruise and then it comes under the bridge here and they all line up to watch Luminous from there. So they look quite funny there all lined up actually. I've normally seen one or two but I've never seen that many there. [Music] [Music] Welcome to the great gathering. [Music] Welcome my home. Welcome You will be a million hearts all the time. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] So close. [Music] [Music] The Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] See [Music] the great symphony of us. Hey everyone. As you can see, I'm back home now and I needed to do an ending to this vlog because of the issue I was telling you about in this vlog with the memory card and the hard drive and all of that. The one clip which was the end to this vlog I ended up losing. So, I thought I would just quickly pop in to end this one. This was a quick visit to Epcot. So, it was a shorter vlog than normal because we were just doing like the afternoon and evening and then there were other things going on. So, this is a bit of a shorter, quicker vlog, but I hope you guys still enjoyed it. And I thought this would be a good opportunity to quickly tell you about our trip plans because things have changed for the upcoming Disney trip. As a lot of you will know, I've been trying to plan a trip back to Disneyland Paris for a really, really long time. For various different reasons, it hasn't happened. We were going to be going in the summer, just gone, but Paul and I moved in together at the very beginning of July, and then June kind of ended up being a lot of prep around that. So, we sort of missed that window. We will be going to Disneyland Paris more next year because there are a lot of new things coming up with the World of Frozen opening. I think things are opening up in the spring. I don't know an exact date just yet, but we will be doing more Disneyland Paris next year. But I really wanted Paul to do a trip just to see it as it is now. He's never been before, so he hasn't seen any of it. I got to thinking about doing a Christmas trip and I was kind of debating back and forth. We can only do one or the other because Paul only has so much annual leave from work. So, we had to decide, do we carry on with the Disney World trip or do we do Disneyland Paris? So, I was debating and some of you might have seen on Instagram I had a giant Christmas cracker arrive from the Disney Destinations team. They sent me a lovely spirit jersey and it was promoting Disneyland Paris at Christmas. And I was thinking to myself, this is a sign. I was already thinking about doing it. Now I've received this. Let's just do it. So, the upcoming Disney trip is now going to be Disneyland Paris rather than Disney World. It will be the Christmas season. We're going to be able to show you the parade, the character meet and greets. They have a tree lighting ceremony, all the decorations. I am so excited. I've been so excited planning something different because I've only been to Disneyland Paris a couple of times. And neither of those trips I did the planning. Becky did it one time and another time I did a press trip which I was very kindly invited on. So, I've never actually planned a trip myself. That's what I've been doing and really really enjoying because it's just something completely different to me. We're going to be doing a few days in Paris as well. Those vlogs will be over on my Victoria in Detail channel and then the Disneyland Paris vlogs here will start once the Disney World trip with Cla finishes. I'm so excited for it. Paul is absolutely buzzing as well. Like I said, he's never been. So, everything will be new to him and I know you guys loved seeing his reaction to Disney World. So, now we're going to have that again for Disneyland Paris. I will be back in Disney World next year. As I said, I've got trips planned in. So, there will be more Disney World vlogs coming and Paul will be coming with me. So, everybody who loved the pool in Disney World vlogs, that will be coming again soon. But, in the meantime, we're going to have Disneyland Paris. So, if you're excited for that, please do give this video a thumbs up. We can't wait to get over there and start experiencing everything. Thank you guys so much for watching. As always, I really, really do appreciate it and everything that you guys do in the way of supporting the channel, supporting the content, supporting me. I really do appreciate each and every one of you. So, a big thank you. I hope you're all well and having a great week and I will see you next week for Hollywood Studios. And Cla and I actually haven't done Hollywood Studios yet on this trip. So that will be our first visit there. So that's coming next Saturday. See you then. [Music] You made your choice. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
