---
video_id: lq3UVcNomVM
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Brits shopping at Target 🎯 Super Target in Orlando"
published: 2025-09-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lq3UVcNomVM
---
Hey everyone, welcome to a new vlog from Target. You'll have to excuse my appearance. I've had a very sweaty day at Walt Disney World today and we've come here to Target to pick up some supplies, show you what kind of fall and Halloween decorations they've got. I love Target for seasonal decorations. It's a very beautiful evening here in Orlando. Now the rain has stopped. I know you guys love looking around as well. So, let's head in and see what they got. I'm immediately having to get used to US shopping carts because they don't corner and turn the same way that ours do and I always run into trouble. Oh, look at these. And they got some bronze pumpkins and gourds toad stools. How cute is this dog with his ghost outfit on? Why do I love that so much? It's currently the 10th of September, by the way. So, it's not quite Halloween yet, so we're not even in the right month. But Halloween starts early in Disney, also in Target. You get the stuff from pretty much in August, I think. Back in the UK, I have seen Christmas stuff in the stores already, which is a bit shocking. I'm definitely not ready for that yet. Got to get a look at the stationary. It's one of my favorite sections. Ah, like this bit. I love all the planners. Look at this um travel journal. That's nice. I always show this. I've actually had this book for years. I did get it here in Target so many years ago now. 3,000 questions about me. And you can just answer all of these. I feel like it's a really great thing to fill in maybe like if you were dating or even if you've been married for ages or together for ages. It would also be a great thing for you to pass down maybe for your children to read like your answer to all of these questions. I just think it's really cool. I love this. They always do have a lot of different journals and notebooks and stuff. Not that I need anything else like that. I have entirely too many as it is. You can sometimes get Eron Condrin planners in here. And I think there's a couple of other brands that I'm not as familiar with, but that do sell some of their planners in Target. Actually don't see any Araron Condrin ones here, though. Oh, I always need to smell the autumn candles as well. This one actually looks like a piece of pie. That's pretty cool. See what that smells like. Oh, it does not smell. That's surprising. I really thought that was going to smell. Then we have orchard cider. Oh, that is nice. That's so good. My luggage was at capacity, though, when we came over here, so I'm really not going to be able to take anything as heavy as a candle. It's a shame. I do like these kind of wicker woven pumpkins. They're neat. These giant acorn pillows are nice, too. They have some of the cuddly pillows. They have these at Disney, but I've never seen this exact one before. It is the same brand. It's like Minnie in her plaid dress. That's really cute. Mickey as well with his sleep hat on. Do you like to have a look at the seasonal mugs? They have this ghosty one. $5. And they got the pumpkin, black hat, and a witch. I love the frog with the hat on. I think that's my favorite. They have these snack pillows, cherry soda, a bagel, and some pizza. They are $25.49, though. I feel like that's kind of a pricey cushion. Halloween clothing. Now, those ones I would wear. Yeah, they're pretty cool. They are cute. Those ones I would not wear. Scary. He's so chunky. Oh, Catherine would love him. Very nice. A there's bingo as well. I got to take a picture of that for Catherine. They've got a whole Mario Kart World section here. I love that flower light. Three brightness settings. Okay, so you can have it dim or like real bright. I really like that. Yeah, look how big these cups are. Pick one up for scale. You'll see compared to Cla mug. That's huge. Quissant earbud case. That's so random. Like why is it a quissant? I do like it though. This is a good place to come if you're on vacation as well and you've forgotten any cables or you're finding that you're needing extra ones to like charge devices in the parks with your power bank and stuff. They have everything like that here. Popsockets are kind of pricey though, aren't they? Like $35. Oh wow. Yeah. They're very expensive. I don't know why they're so much. They're the same in the UK. They're just Is that one you've had before? Um I've had a very similar one to that. I feel like Lego have been really upping their game. They have some really interesting ones now. There's a Lego Mona Lisa, a Trevy Fountain from Rome in Italy, fountain garden, and there's a London one up here, and also New York. Some of these Lego sets are awesome. You can make a Lego vending machine. What the heck? And I love all these floral display Lego things you can get now. They have this entire set of like mini house plants. It's really weird. Like they just have so many now. The orchid is really cool. You can make a Lego Polaroid camera and a packet of film. I really like the wreath on the end as well. Oh yeah, that's nice. That's really nice. We're entering the Halloween area. Looking at the costumes is like the best part of coming to Target during Halloween season. It's just fascinating for me as a British person because the Halloween decor over here in the States is next level. We can get some stuff like this but just nowhere near on this scale. Oh, please tell me that Claire is putting this outfit on. She is. I love avocado. So do I. That is perfect for you. Amazing. Love it. You can also be a corn on the cob. You can be a pumpkin cat. What else should I be? You can be a burger. There you go. Love it. They have an actual grazing board costume. Yeah, that is quite cool. I've never seen a grazing plate costume. I think that might be my favorite. That's so random. Oh my gosh, I can't cope. Oh my gosh, there's more. This is just a very fun activity. I love though is that they're not scary. No, they're just fun costume. I would really love to be though is I think either a crayon cuz I'm pretty sure that's what Sue from the middle Yeah, she was. Obviously, you can get Halloween costumes in the UK, but they're just not as great as this. Or you can be a traffic cone. What is that? A coffee. I'm not sure what that is, actually. Should we know what that is? You can be a xylophone. Pickle ball set. Oh, a pickle ball set. I actually don't even really know anything about pickle ball, so that's why I didn't know that. You can also be a taco or a can of Diet Coke. [Laughter] Oh dear. I was going to pick up some milk, but I got some from our resort. I'm always fascinated by the coffee creamer because we just do not really have stuff like this in the UK. You can get coffee creamer, but probably just like one flavor, whereas here they have the Starbucks pumpkin spice latte, almond milk pumpkin spice latte. I think that's mint chocolate, peppermint mocka. Yeah, there's just so many. They have home alone frosted sugar cookie creamer. It's got Kevin on the front. I like to kind of compare prices to the UK. So, let's see what they have here. These small individual yogurts are $149 and these ones we do have in the UK something similar. $159. I think that's about the same by the time we've done the conversion from dollars into pounds. That does sound about right. A lot of groceries have gone up in the UK though from what they were. So, I do feel like the prices are falling a little bit more into line. Some things are still cheaper in the UK for sure, but a lot of our food prices are going up back home, so some things are probably not that different. You can get Antian's pretzel dogs. That is $9.99, though. That does seem like a lot. Frozen pizza does usually seem more expensive. So, these are like $629. And a 12pack of soda is $8.39 and then 3 for 18. Not sure how that compares. I don't really drink fizzy drinks back home either. Squirt. What was that? Grapefruit soda. I do like a Gatorade, so I might just pick up an individual one. They still have some Prime, but I feel like the hype has well and truly died down from when you couldn't get it anywhere. They only have a few there. Now, this is their plant-based section. And this is huge. They have so many things here. Korean barbecue riblets, sweet barbecue riblets, sausage, corn dogs, and all of this is meat-free, so crumbles, vegan mozzarella style sticks. Lots of plant-based chicken nuggets and chicken tenders there, and some fish down at the bottom. The M&M section is always an exciting place to be. I love the peanut butter ones, and they do have the peanut butter and jelly ones down there. There they are. Those were quite nice. Tried those on my last trip. I love York Peppermint Patties. They're so nice. Resist. Resist. I love the trail mix here in Target. So, I am probably going to get some. I thought they might have like more Halloween ones in a bigger packet, but they didn't. They just have so many flavors of nuts as well. Sweet fig cashews, glazed doughut almonds. I've had those before actually. They're really nice. Hot honey cashews, smooth ranch, dill pickle, pizza cashews. I am quite interested in those. I think we might have to try these. They have taco seasoned peanuts and chili lime. I'm going to get some everything cashews. Yeah, got to get these. Pringle mingle, dill, pickle, and ranch. I feel like Paul would really like those. Although I did get him some of the dill, pickle nuts, and he didn't like those. I was quite surprised, but he was not keen. Peanut butter filled pretzels. Ooh, they sound good. I've never had those. Look at the size of that. Yeah, that is massive, isn't it? Do love a funny. I feel like I might have to get some. I have had those ones at the bottom. These the steakhouse onion. They're like um bloom and onion flavor. They were a bit stronger. And they don't have the Sriracha Doritos. Paul was hoping they'd still have them, but they don't sadly. Pepto nausea. motion sickness. I bet these would be really good for anyone who suffers with motion sickness on the Disney rides. So, if you come to Target, um maybe try some of those for if you do feel sick on the rides, especially 3D ones and stuff. Got to take a look at the coffee section. I do love the Duncan coffee and I had a strawberry one. They've never had it again. It was a limited edition. They've got a cinnamon one. I feel like Paul would absolutely love that. Is it beans though or ground? I think it's ground. Maybe I'll get him this though because we do have a cafeteria. He could have some of that. Duncan apple cider donut, but that's good too. And pumpkin spice. In one of my vlogs over on my Victoria and Detail channel recently, we were discussing how expensive instant coffee has got back home. And this Maxwell House, which is nine servings, is $4.79. I feel like that's a really small thing of coffee, though. How much is just a jar of coffee? So $8.49 for that Nest Cafe. That is about the same as at home to be honest. Coffee seems to have gone up massively back home, but just the instant, not necessarily the coffee beans. And they do have loads of flavors of the coffee pods like then espresso pods and stuff. I would say more than we have back home. See how much basics are like pasta and sauce and stuff. So that jar of marinara sauce is $7.99 on sale. That seems like a lot though. Maybe that's an expensive brand. I don't really know. Bully I've heard of. H Okay, so the Bali one is $2.99. So I'm guessing that one we just looked at is more of an expensive brand. So $2.99. That seems reasonable. Got Reggu $2.39. Jar of Alfredo is $1.99. And these are their boxes of pasta. 99 cents for this one. $119 for these pasta shells. So things like that seem to be the same as in the UK. That doesn't seem really expensive. The fruit and vegetables do tend to be more expensive. Let's see what the latest is. $559 for these tomatoes. That does seem a lot, but it is a big packet of them. And then when you convert it back to But that still does seem kind of pricey. These potatoes $7.89. Is that right? That seems a lot for potatoes. Sweet onions $2.79. But there are quite a few in there. An individual pepper back home is kind of 60 70p I would say. And these are $159. So a little bit more. The cucumbers always look so different to ours. They always have kind of what I think of as little spikes. They're not actually spiky, but can you see what I mean? A cucumber is 79 cent. So that's the same as at home. Looking at a lot of this, I don't think things generally are wildly more expensive. And maybe it is just because in the UK things are getting more pricey. So, in the last few years, I always would have said it was way more expensive here for groceries. With a lot of things, it varies. So, on the whole, it probably still is more expensive, but I do feel like we're catching up a little bit. I just want a quick look at the lipstick because they have a shade of the L'Oreal matte liquid lipstick that you can't get in the UK, and I love it. This is the one that I have, and you guys comment regularly on this particular one that I have, but I don't see it. It was called summer fling and they no longer have one called summer fling. It really looked like this which has been smeared everywhere. Lovely. Ew. Who does that? And that's the only one they've got. That's a shame, but never mind. I look so braggled. Honestly, it's been so hot and sweaty in the parks today. Oh my goodness. What do I look like? Right, we're going to go and check out now and I will end this vlog probably when we get back and I'll show you what I bought. I really didn't buy much to be honest, but I will show you what we got. Oh, you've just reminded me of one other thing I need actually. Ah, I see it. It's over there. Black as black eye booster waterproof. Love this stuff. It's amazing. This is the liquid eyeliner I always use. We're back now. I've managed to give my hair a bit of a brush. Thank goodness. I was looking like Wel Gumage. Honestly, thought I would just do a very quick haul. This is super quick cuz I really didn't buy much. I got the Armond Hammer Peroxicare toothpaste. This is my favorite one. I use all the time. So, every time I come to the States, I get more of this. I got another of the Olay Sheia Butter, the small one. I use this whenever I travel um or weekends away and stuff, and I just love the fragrance of this one. Then, I got the pizza cashews cuz I've never tried those before and they sound fascinating. I got the everything cashews. Definitely have tried these and they are indeed everything. I got a pack of twisted fruit ropes, the strawberry, mango, just fruit snack things. I really love those. I got this Duncan Cinnamomania coffee for Paul and this is basically cinnamon bun flavored and a familyized bag of funans because funnians are amazing. So that's going to be it for this quick Target vlog. I hope you enjoyed having a little wander around Target with us. I always have to have a Target mooch. It was really fun actually seeing Cla trying on Halloween costumes this time as well. If you did enjoy it, please do give it a thumbs up. Don't forget to subscribe if you want to see all the videos from this trip. We do Disney vlogs every single day. All of that's going to be going up really soon. So, be sure to subscribe and tap the bell icon so you're always notified when a new video goes up. Thank you guys so much for watching and we'll see you in the next one. Bye. [Music]
