---
video_id: eNIFvmGUYDo
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "WALT DISNEY WORLD VLOG 🏰 Disney Starlight: Dream the night away parade and Resort Hopping"
published: 2025-10-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNIFvmGUYDo
---
I I [Music] take me home today. Take me out to play. Take me back into the sweet sweet. Good morning everyone and welcome to a brand new Disney in Detail vlog. Today is a Saturday and Cla and I are going to be spending some time at the resorts this morning. I often do that on a Saturday cuz the parks can be a bit busier. So, we're going to be going to the Grand Fian and maybe grabbing some lunch there, having a look around cuz Cla's never been. Then over to Pop Century and Art of Animation cuz again that is somewhere that Cla really wanted to see. And then we're going to be going to Coronado Springs eating at Three Bridges. And then tonight we're going back to the Magic Kingdom to see the new Starlight Parade. I am absolutely buzzing to see that. It's been so long since we've had a nighttime parade in the Magic Kingdom. I remember Spectro Magic and the Main Street Electrical Parade. I loved having nighttime parades. So, it is amazing that that's back. I can't wait to see it. And because we're doing some resort hopping today, I have bought my refillable mug. You can use them at all of the resorts. So, it's not just the one you're staying in. So, if you are going to be doing that and going around to a few different ones, definitely bring this with you and then you can get all of your drinks all day and you don't need to pay any extra for them. So, you can definitely make use of this. I love getting good value out of my resort refillable mug. I mean, if you're on the dining plans, you do get this included or you can just pay for it. I think it was $25 for the duration of the trip. So, if you do use every day and you get your coffee in it in the morning, CLA gets hot chocolate at night, you can get your drinks, like I say, if you're going to other resorts. So, it's well worth it. If you're staying in a room that's miles away from the lobby and the food court where the machine is, then maybe not. But if you're close enough, then it's good. And speaking of refillable mug, I'll get a drink as I'm going past. This is my favorite thing ever. The acai blueberry pomegranate. In the UK, we have a range of cleaning products which are pomegranate scented called Inos. And they smell exactly like this drink. So, I use those at home to remind me of it. I'll link it below if you're interested, but it does smell just like this drink. And by the way, the ears that I'm wearing today were very kindly gifted to me by Ears Ever After. I've got them on with this rainbowy dress. I think they go perfectly with it. So, I will link them below. Found Claire. She was just in the shop finding about 17 things that she likes. I have quite a problem. I don't know what ones to buy. Yeah, we can't have it all. So, I have to be selective. I've actually seen a sweatshirt that I like as well. There are actually clothing wise loads of things that I've seen this trip. So, we have to be selective. We're just waiting for our bus. It's actually saying it's going to be about 20 minutes for Magic Kingdom bus. Whether that's true or not, I don't I think it's about 15. That's not too bad. Then, we're going to get the bus to Magic Kingdom, then get on the Montreal. Actually, maybe not the Montreal because then we'll have to do the whole loop. Maybe the boat. Well, yeah, cuz I haven't done that before. So, let's do that. Yeah. So, we'll do that and then head off to Pop Century, which I'm staying at in January. So, really excited for that. I've got the dining plan and everything, so I'm going to be doing lots of like videos about all of that. So, that's to come as well. [Music] [Music] There is a lot of construction here at the Grand Pillian and I haven't realized quite how much. So, I'm going to go up so Cla can maybe see get the idea. [Music] [Music] I am excited for this salad. This looks so good. And it's big. This is a big salad. And I've got bacon, edamame, peas, cucumber, tomato, and then an Italian dressing. They did actually have quite a lot of choice of what you could put on it. Yeah, I've got a couple of different things for you. Yeah. And Cla also had chicken on top, or you could have had steak as well. I think she said the cost of mine was $12 with the tax, which I think for a really nice salad for lunch is perfectly. Mine was 14 something. Yeah. So, it's like a couple of dollars extra for the protein, which is not that bad. And it's a lot of chicken they put on CLA's salad. Yeah. And that that amount of dressing is enough as well. You can say how much dressing you want cuz I do find some salads over here have a lot more dressing on than we have back home in the UK. Um so I did say, "Can I just have a little bit?" And this is delicious. And like I was saying this morning, because we bought our refillable mugs with us, they've got a Coke Freestyle machine here, so you just get whatever drinks you want as well. I am still contemplating eating the apple danish and a coffee afterwards, but that might be a challenge. It depends how well this salad goes down. And I can see the castle out the window. I only just realized. No way. Mhm. Oh yeah. I hadn't even realized that. This seat that I'm in, I can literally see it right here. And it is glistening. It is. Oh, an amazing view. Okay, now we know why I love this quick service so much. We're just walking out now to go and get a bus to our next resort. And you can kind of see all of these curtains. It's not just the main part of the lobby. There's all this as well. And there just are curtains everywhere, aren't there? It's just very much not its normal stunning self here at the Grand Vidian. So, we're just going to get the Montreal over to the Magic Kingdom again and then we're going to hop on a bus to Pop or Art of Animation, whichever one we really see first. And you can walk between the two. So, we're going to investigate all of that cuz Cla's never been there either. And then we're going to head across to Coronado. We've just refilled our mugs again. I've got a coffee this time. Cla's got a hot chocolate. Yeah. Although it's like super hot. Recently, I've been going and getting one in the evenings and by the time I drink it, it's almost cold. This is boiling. Yeah, my coffee is actually really hot, too. So, it must have been fresh. [Music] There's Pop Centry bus right here, so we're just going to jump on this one. We have arrived at Pop Centry and I was just about to tell Cla the story about Pop Centry and I figured why don't I tell you guys on camera cuz some of you may not know. So originally Pop Century and Art of Animation were both going to be part of the same resort. So there was going to be this side where you have um 50s60s7s 80s and the other side was going to be even earlier. Oh, so earlier years and this side started construction first and or certainly got completed first and the other one still wasn't done. Then 911 happened and tourism trades. So this really is old cuz that is a long time ago now. Yep. And then everything stalled. Tourism just stalled. So they stalled the construction of the other side. And for a long time it just went overgrown. Nothing was happening there. the bare bones of one of the buildings was there and the foundations of the other buildings, but that was it. And the bridge that goes between the two, which we're going to show you, um, was still there, but people couldn't kind of go up right into it or anything, but you could see it really clearly there across the lake. Then they decided to make it into art of animation. So, a completely different concept, separate resort. Yeah. So, they decided to make it a totally separate resort built out of animation. And that is why there is one building which are the Little Mermaid rooms that are regular rooms and all of the others are family suites because that one building had already been built. Ah, so that's why you've got the Little Mermaid rooms there, but it is only just that one section because it was originally supposed to be the other half of Pop Centry. Okay. So that's the story with this resort. Fair enough. And they are joined still by that bridge. You can walk between the two resorts and the Skyliner services both kind of in the middle. So yeah, just thought I would let you know if you didn't know that. A lot of you may know, but that's how the Art of Animation Resort kind of came to be. There is '90s. I was thinking that. I was thinking it was up to the '90s. And I do believe this resort has just had a refurbishment in the lobby. So, I'll be really interested to see what that looks like. Some people have said I have seen that they preferred it before. So, I'm intrigued to get inside and see what we think about that. This resort, I do remember, always smells incredible. It is one of those that just smells so so good. Let's see if they've kept that the same. Look at this golf cart here as well. Love that. Oh, we're not having the best luck here. Everywhere that CLA wants to look at today is behind curtains. So, the refurbishment is still happening as you can see along here. Before they had all the cabinets with the different memorabilia in it. This, I believe, is our first glimpse of the new theming. So, this wall here where you can see Daisy, I think all the way along where these curtains are, it's going to be kind of rethemed similarly to this. I think that looks cool. I think it is very in keeping with the whole pop vibe. Yeah. Yeah, I like it. And there is some more down here. We've now got Mini. And you can see all the retro cars on there. I do like this. I think I will miss the memorabilia though cuz I did really like that. And this is the Everything Pop um shop. And then you've got the food court as well. I actually think this is one of the best like resort stores anywhere. It's so big. And I do love the food court as well. They are bigger than the Allstar ones. So, we'll take a look in there in a second just so you can see what kind of thing you can get. They have done a refurbishment in this shop as well. Looks a little bit different. And they used to do a create your own pasta here. That was so nice. I don't know if they still do it. I'm interested to see. We've got a Loungefly here that I've never seen before. This Bambi one. When you're buying Loungefly bags, always just be careful. This design, for example, the badge is right over the top of Bambi and then you can just see the legs at the top. But look at the difference with this one where you've got Bambi, you know, three times on the front. So, always look through them. Do the same with ears. Sometimes you get ones where the bow is like a little bit off. Always look for the best one cuz they do differ quite a bit if you look at the difference between those two. I love the inside out one as well. I'm still really tempted by this spirit jersey. I do have the black one with the white writing, but I do love this one where it's more kind of subtle with the black text on it like raised up. This is the sweatshirt that I really really love. So I am thinking about it. I may well get that. I would wear that a lot at home through the winter. CLA's just spotted the mug version there of the top as well. That's quite nice. That's a nice size, too. And it and it's just a nice classic Mickey, isn't it? This is the one Cla's got her eye on and is thinking of getting. I do love that. That's nice. Feels nice and warm like for the winter. That would do me good. No good here. No, I think you'd wear that a lot though. They do have some Pop Century specific merchandise as well. There's this tumbler. That's actually really nice. Yeah, it is. Oh, I actually really like that. Yeah, that's good. I do feel like Paul would lose his mind if I bring that home, though. Honestly, the mug situation, he's like, "Where are they going to live?" They are nice. Yeah, I love that the resorts now do have specific ears and spirit jerseys and things. I love a bit of resort specific merchandise. We're just in the food court now, and you can see the refurbishment in here where everything's been repainted. I love this. The colors are amazing, aren't they? Yeah, they are great. I like the color. Love it. And here at Pop, they do have shakes. So, they've got a fruit flavored cereal shake, which looks like fruit loops, basically. Various other shakes. They've got specialty iced coffees and teas. So, you can get a latte or cappuccino, macchiato, and all that kind of thing. And let's just show you what kind of thing they have cuz I know a lot of you guys stay here at Pop and will be interested to know this. They have bacon cheeseburger, a plant-based burger, grilled chicken sandwich, chicken strips, barbecue pork sandwich, chili cheese dog, and back here you have drinks, salads and fruit and sandwiches, like grab and go stuff. You also have yogurts and things there. Some cupcakes. The tie-dye cheesecake has been a staple here at Pop Centry for many, many years now. And the Whoopi Monster. They do have some really good bakery items here. These all look amazing. And this is also where you can get the PB&J quasonant. It's $5.99. I've had one of these when I was with Catherine. It is a very heavy quason filled with PB&J. It's amazing. They do have pasta, but it doesn't look like they do the create your own pasta anymore. Grilled chicken parmesan with pasta, penna with meatballs, and meatball sub, but no create your own. And they also do pizza by the slice, or you can buy the whole pizza. A roast turkey dinner special. And then they do have a create your own entree. So you can have chicken, salmon or shrimp with sides which are like rice, beans, broccoli, mashed potatoes and stuff. Then they've got stir fry, Impossible meatloaf, nachos. So they do have plenty of options here. CLA just did point out though they don't have any hot chocolate in the refillable mug station. That's very surprising. There's like you can see the gap next where it should have been. Just walking through the ' 70s building here. I love the giant Mickey with the phone. Yeah, he is cool. Let's get a bit closer and you can see Mickey. In the 80s section, there's a big Roger Rabbit. Oh god. Which I absolutely love. And I just love this as well. There's much bigger kind of theming with the Allstars. It's very open as you walk down through, but here it's a bit more shade as you're walking through. And you do have some cool stuff like this to look at, too. Listen to what it is. I'm having a Guardians moment. Yes. I really I really hope that we have something like this. It's the best guardian. There's Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head. Yeah, this is my favorite of the value resorts for theming. So, that is Pop Century back there. We've just walked through the ' 70s area. You got the lake here and in front of us then is the Skyliner. So, this is the Skyliner station that serves both Pop Century and Art of Animation. So, we're going to carry on walking over this bridge, walk through Art of Animation just so Cla can see that as well. And we've decided to get an Uber to Coronado Springs. Windy. Very windy. It's nice though. It's nice breeze. Although my hair is kind of going crazy. We decided if we do buses to um Coronado, we would have to go from here to like one of the parks. Oh my gosh, look at my hair. I feel like I'm on Guardians. We would have to go to one of the parks and then transfer to Coronado, which would just be like a long time. So, we're just going to get a quick Uber over there cuz we want to eat at Three Bridges. Yes, I Yes, I do. Is this then Little Mermaid that we're coming up to? I think you come right into Nemo. So, this is the closest to the Skyliner. Little Mermaid rooms are probably the furthest. I think they're kind of the furthest from everything. People do complain a little bit about how far they are from the lobby and from everything else. They are a little bit of a walk, I'll be honest. But all of these Nemo rooms are family suites. And then you've got the Lion King section and then the cars section also. And all of those are family suites. There are some options if you need to accommodate more people in the Disney resort. So, if you need a room that will sleep six, you have some of the more expensive options like the treehouse villas. You also have the cabins at Fort Wilderness, but those are more pricey. If you're looking for a budget option, this isn't really a budget option for the family suites. I wouldn't say they are still quite expensive for these Lion King Nemo and Cars suites. Sometimes you can get a good deal, but they are still kind of pricey. One of the lesserk known things though is that Allstar Music do have family suites. They don't have a lot of them, but they do have some and they sleep six. So, if you're looking for that, try and look at Allstar Music. It's only that one. Sports and movies don't have them. And like I said, there's not very many. So, sometimes they might not come up in search, but they do exist and you can sleep six in them. So, that might be a more budget option for you. We just missed the seagulls. They do actually do the mind my mind thing every now and again at the top there. I am now in Landscape of Flavors. Cla has just gone for a little walk around the cars section. I'm just taking a break because I want to conserve my energy for being late in the Magic Kingdom again tonight. The parade is on at 10:30. And obviously with the parade, you have to find your spot and you're then kind of stood there waiting for it for quite a long time. For me, standing is actually a lot more difficult than walking and I did a lot of that last night as well. I absolutely love having a resort hopping day. It's really a good way to chill a little bit if you've been in the parks every single day. And like I say, if this is Saturday and the parks are really busy, I feel like this is a nice thing to do. And it means you can look at different resorts for the future. If you plan on doing future Disney trips, you can take a proper look, look at the food court, look at the pools, and just decide whether it's somewhere that you would like to stay. And it just means that you'll know for next time what things look like. And all of the Disney resorts are great. You can go into any of them, take a look around. The only one that you can't do that is Shades of Green, which is a military resort. So, you can't go in there, but everywhere else you can take a look around, just relax, have something to drink, have something to eat, eat in the restaurants there. So, I would highly recommend doing that if you do have time during your trip just to have a little bit of downtime. I feel like this trip is going so fast. Normally with my Disney trips, the first half will go very slowly and then the second half flies by. This trip, it has just flown by since the minute we got here. I can't believe how many days we've already had. And we have been doing quite a lot, so it's understandable, but it has just flown by. Please do let me know in the comments of this video if there are any specific resorts that you would like us to go to. Are there any that I haven't shown for a while that you want a more in-depth look at? Do let me know in the comments below. I had a message from Becky. She said that she was in Epcot today and she said it's so busy they ended up leaving. She said the lines for all of the food and wine festival booths and even things like Kringler Bakery were like halfhour lines to get in. I haven't actually looked on the app to see what the wait times are. Let's have a look. It's currently 90 minutes for Remy's Ratatouille Adventure. That is kind of high to be fair compared to what we've seen since we've been here. 60 minutes for Frozen, 105 minutes for Test Track. That is quite high. We're going to try and do that tomorrow when we're in Epcot. 90 minutes for Guardians. So, Guardians is less than test track. That does seem kind of odd. Saurin is 25 minutes. That's not too bad. I would say those weight times are on the higher side, though compared to what they have been in the last week to 10 days. The beginning of September is definitely the quietest time. And then it does gradually start to creep back up again. While we're sat here, let's just take a look at the Magic Kingdom and see what the wait times are like there, cuz we are going to be going there fairly soon cuz we are going to be going there this evening. So, it's worth knowing. 75minute wait for Tiana's bio adventure. Obviously during party days we have seen that at like 15 minutes. I've even heard some people have done it with 10 minutes. So obviously 75 is much higher. You can tell it's a nonvent day. 40 minutes for Haunted Mansion. What's that there? 70 minutes for Seven Doors Mine Train. You know that's kind of high as well. Let's have a look at Tron. 70 minutes for Tron. So you can definitely tell the difference between a party day and a non-event day. A lot more people who have just got like a one-day ticket will come on days like today where there's the full agenda of entertainment. You've got the Starlight Parade. You've got Happily Ever After. The park is open past 6:00 p.m. I think the park is open till maybe 11:30 this evening. So, definitely it will be busier on a day like today. It'll be really interesting to see whether we can get a good spot for the parade. Can't wait to see it. I've always really missed Spectro Magic and the Main Street Electrical Parade, so I can't wait to see this new one that Disney have got. I'm so glad they've got a nighttime parade back again. Just realized as well, these ears match perfectly with my refillable mug. You know, I love a matching moment. We're just walking through. Is it Ink and Paint? I think this is called. And again, this is a really big resort store compared to some of them. Goes all the way around here. I won't look around this one. has probably largely got the same stuff as the Pop Centry one. Unless they might have some Art of Animation specific stuff. Let's look at that. There's a mug there and a Tumblr. I think I do prefer the Pop Century stuff. They do have a Loungefly bag though. I do love the lobby area here at Art of Animation. It's really cool. They have all this neat artwork all the way down. And this is where the check-in desk is. We've made it to Grand Theest Tower and Cla loves Coronado Springs. It's like your favorite. It is. This is me like home. Cla loves this resort. And my only experience that you guys will remember in January in my very sad trip where I was poorly, I did stay here at the tower and had a view of the fireworks. Um, but I was unwell. So, I definitely want to come back to experience this another time. But, Grandino Tower here is just absolutely stunning. It really does not feel like a moderate resort. It feels very, very deluxe to me. If you walk straight back here, you can look over and they have this beautiful area down here. Lots of seating. There's a bar down there just directly underneath where we stood in the morning. You can get coffees and pastries and stuff. But just look at this. Look at these windows looking out over the lake. It really is something else and definitely does not feel moderate to me. The only reason I do think it's not a deluxe is because they only have uh buses. Yeah. So there there's only like one. And although Animal Kingdom Lodge is like that and that is that was the explanation that that me and my husband were given from one of the cast members that works here. That is the reason that this is not a deluxe and it just can't ever be. Animal Kingdom Lodge, I think, is the only exception. It's just so far out compared to everywhere else. It doesn't connect up to the Montreal or the boats, but it is still a deluxe. So, that is the one exception to that rule, but this feels like a deluxe. It really does. And because Coronado Springs is a convention resort, and it is a big convention resort as well, you do have all these little workstations over here. They've got lamps and charging ports, places to sit, cuz you will get a lot of people coming to this hotel who will be working. They're very well set up for that. And when we go downstairs, there is another area in the main part of the resort that also does have that. Yeah, maybe it's LL. The lifts are fancy here. So, they tell you which one to get in, which is C in this case. And then you don't press anything when you're inside. It just takes you That is fancy though, isn't it? That's very deluxe. It is. We've just been saying as we're going around these resorts, it's just never enough time on your trip. I would love to come here and just spend half a day at Coronado just walking around doing bits that I need to do, chilling, having a drink, just wandering basically, and then spend another half a day in another resort and another half a day in another resort. But there's just not enough days of your trip because you've got your park days and everything else that you're doing. I want to go to Disney Springs. We need to come for a whole month. It's the only way. Yeah. And I don't even think that would be enough. No, but it would be good. That would be better. This actually used to be the check-in desk for the regular part of Coronado Springs, as in all of the outlying buildings that we're going to see around there, the village, I believe they call it, rather than the tower. But now that all of the check-in has been moved across to Grandestino Tower, this has been made into just a really big chill and working area. So, you have these chairs around the side. There's some comfortable sofas and then over that side you can see there's some desk space with lamps again and power outlets and everything. Although this is a convention resort, it still feels very vacation-y and resorty. It's not as if it feels businessy. Does that make any sense? I don't know if I'm describing that very well. But if you did need to do some work and that's what you're here for, they have a lot of areas to do that. You can even take a little meeting behind here. They've got this big table. I have just sat down in this chair and it is everything. I don't know if you can tell how big it is, but when you sit down in it, you're practically laying down. This is so comfortable. This is the most comfortable chair I have sat in since I've been here. So, if ever you have overdone things, got bad back, you need to chill when you're at Disney World. Come to Coronado Springs, this chair. Look how beautiful the lobby is here as well. This is like the main lobby. They got Panchitos over there, which is a store. It's quite nice in there, actually. They got a lot of stuff. It's so nice out here. Look at this. There's a cool breeze. It's so beautiful out here. There's a cool breeze, which it's been quite hot today. So, this is perfect weather. Our destination. You can see across the water there. Three bridges. We're really hoping we can get a table. You can't actually book a table at Three Bridges. It's not somewhere where you can make an ADR ahead of time. You do just have to walk up. So, just allow yourself enough time. You might have to wait a little bit until you can get a table. But, it's beautiful when it's sunset around here. When we were here last year, it was just incredible. But yeah, just be aware you can't reserve it. And actually, when we came in in the Uber, I was a little bit concerned they might not let us in cuz we don't have an ADR, but I told him we were wanting to eat here and they did let us in, so it was fine. And there is Grandino Tower. Look how nice that is. We're seated and we've got this lovely view out across the water there. And last time we were here, if you remember, Cla and I sat at the bar and had a drink. And we loved the drink that Cla had, but we weren't so keen on mine. So, we're just watching back the vlog cuz we can't remember which was the good drink and which one we didn't prefer. Oh, we went to Roundup Rodeo that day. Oh, that was so good, wasn't it? That was good. Right. Okay, we're I'm around the area now. While CLA's doing that, I will just give you a look at the menu. So, they have the sangria flight, which is one of their signature things here. And there's various other sangrias that you can just get kind of separately. Specialty cocktails, wine, and they do have obviously what we're looking for, the non-alcoholic specialty beverages. So, we'll figure out which one it is that we want in a second. In terms of food, at the top here is dippable, spreadable, and sharable. There's a trio of dips. I may even have that just as like my meal. You can get regular chips and salsa, white queso, and charo dip. And they also have some chicken wings. Then for entre, you've got mahi mahi and shrimp, chicken mold, a tuna bowl, steak fruits. Cla says she's had that here before and it was really good. Then they've got a chicken berry salad, a tofu bowl, pork kitas tacos, and then three bridges signature pressed burger, which does sound good actually with smoked paprika fries. And you can see the sky there behind a Claire just looking so nice. It's not as fiery and orange as it was last time. We did have the most beautiful sunset, but it's still so nice out sat here. There's a cool breeze. This weather feels to me like March kind of weather. Just really, really nice. Not hot or anything. It's perfect. Our food has arrived. And the dip. I cannot wait to show you how large it is. It's a good job I got it as my entree. Cla got the steak. And you went for medium steak, did you? Yep. And with the I don't know how. Yeah, that's it on the side. So, I can add as much of that as I want. and paprika for fries. Was that I did have this before and it was just so good. Yeah, I feel like Paul would really love that. That would be right up his street. I have got the dips and it is very hard to convey just how big these dips are. Let me just move the actual chips. There's my phone. So there's Cla's phone is like the size of one of these dips. So I've got queso and another one and then another one. Yeah, we got queso and the corn dip. Yeah, that's the coin and an entire thing of these chips. So, and that's like an a starter. This Yeah, this would I mean this would be like uh for four people you could share this for four. Obviously, I'm not eating anything else other than this, but I am still going to struggle to eat this. Like, that is the biggest amount of gu like what is going on? I think this is going to be good. It looks amazing. That corn dip looks so good. In the end, we looked back in my photos and we did actually find photos of the drinks. However, we couldn't figure out who's, so it didn't help us. In the end, we both went for the hibiscus. But that's cuz we did ask the guy which one was the sweetest, and he said the hibiscus because the one that you had last year, you didn't think was particularly sweet. No. Whereas mine was. So, we're hoping we've gone for the right one. Right. We've got a straw now, and we're going to We've just stirred up the drink. It's quite nice. Is it what you had last time? I think so. It is nice. Oh, yeah. I do like it. And I think we picked the right one. Oh, that steak looks good. How is it so far? Is it cooked to temperature? It looks amazing. I'm about to try. You look happy. I've just had a movie quote into my head again. You know how that goes for me. Little things happen and a movie quote will shoot into my head. Or friend or or a friend. I mean, it very often is a friend's quote. I've just had Matthew McConnA when he's like so perfectly pink. Do you remember that bit? I haven't watched it, I don't think, but I can imagine him in like a squeaky voice. He was saying it was funny. Right, let's try this guac. For some reason, I feel more overwhelmed by the guac than the rest of it cuz it just looks like a lot. So, let's see. I feel like could have spicy stuff on it, Dora. That actually the stuff on top tastes more like seasoning than spicy. Okay. So, I don't know that it is just chili. It's just a sprinkle. I think it's just like a sprinkle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm trying the queso. And I love the chips and queso at San and Helen, which is where we're going tomorrow. So, it's going to be a double chips and queso situation today and tomorrow. Not sorry. That is good. That's so good. Let's try the corn one. And I have been accused in the past of not putting enough dip on my tortilla chips. Someone has actually told me that I don't. So, I am putting quite a lot on just for those of you who are worried that I might not be getting the full flavor. Oh, they are they are all good. I think that one's my favorite. Yeah, the the queso is really good. The corn the corn has like a a bit of a lemony taste. Um there's some cheese on top of it as well. Just very like savory yummness. They're all amazing. This might be the best trio of dips I've ever had. It's very, very good. Very, very good. But it is extremely sharable. If you are going to attempt to eat this yourself, it would very much be your entire dinner. I think you could come here and get these dips and the sangria flight if you were just wanting to have like so not necessarily like a full on meal, but if you were wanting to come for more a snack or you're just a little bit hungry, this and the sangria flies would probably be great to share between two of you. But that steak is cooked perfectly. It does look as if it is actually. Yeah. And the ch I mean the fries are also very tasty. They've got a seasoning on what what was the seasoning? Can you remember? Paprika. And I've also just realized while you're talking about your steak, people are going to be able to hear me crunching my trio of dips. I've got microphone on so I apologize about that. Just arriving here at the Magic Kingdom and the fireworks are happening. So the first Starlight parade would have happened. Now it's fireworks and then we're going to be catching the second parade. So, a lot of people will probably be leaving now if they saw the first parade. So, hopefully we will be able to get some kind of good spot. We are a little bit later than we planned, so we are going to kind of have to take what we can get in terms of parade spot, but I'm sure we'll be able to find somewhere where we can see properly. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] We've managed to get a pretty good spot. So, you can see the Main Street Confectionary over there. Then we've got the train station over to the left. So, we're right here on the corner. It is very busy with people leaving after the fireworks. I'm so excited to see this parade. I've been looking forward to this all day. [Music] Good evening, dear friends. Come with me on a magical journey hissed by starlight. [Music] By virtue of starlight and all that is good, may each and every one of your dreams come true. Wow. One wish to make all of this. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Music is my language and you will Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Wherever your heart, I will. [Music] [Music] That's all they need. Well, that invited us dust. That's right. And maybe they'll be able to fight, too. [Music] [Music] There's so many stars to wish upon tonight. Come on, everybody. We wish a star. Look at all our pals. Oh, Mickey, there's been a star. Just like us. The parade is over and oh my goodness, it was so good. It was It was really good. It was really good. We'll let you know what we thought about it and everything in a minute. We are in line at the Colonel Kitchen because haven't had any popcorn yet this trip that needs to be remedied right now. They have blue popcorn for the Starlight Parade, I believe. Oh, is that what it is? It's like a special mix that they do. Yeah. I always find the candied popcorn like too sweet, though. So, I like butter and then the things on top and at push kettle corn if they don't have butter, but then that is still sweet. Got the goods. Now, time to go and find CLA. And then we're going to grab a Starbucks. I think we like to just let the crowds get to the bus stop first and then we wait till it's a bit quieter and then go for the bus cuz it's a bit crazy otherwise. I love the detail around here that you can hear the piano lessons going on up there. If it doesn't get in a minute, I will record it. I just missed it then. You can hear it now. It's always worth actually coming up here and just listening to it cuz I love it. CLA was saying she just hadn't noticed it. Yeah, you can hear piano playing and singing and stuff which is a music teaching school up there. Quite sweet actually. It is. Yeah, I love it. This is like deja vu. Yeah. From last week for you guys or yesterday for us. We have obviously just watched the Starlight Parade and we thought we would end this vlog here but just say what we thought about that. Yeah, I thought it was lovely actually. I loved it. Yeah, it's not it's not like that long so that's kind of good. I guess especially if it's the later one if you want to go you I mean cuz it is what time is it half 10 it's on at half 10 and it must have lasted like 10 15 minutes so you can then still get out at reasonable time obviously you'd potentially have the cues of the um buses of the buses which is why we've waited yeah but not quite as bad as what it would have been after the fireworks after the fireworks I think the cues for the buses would have been horrendous whereas after the parade it wouldn't have been nowhere near as badm No, a lot of people did leave though, so we've hung back. I always do this. It's just too If you go to the buses, you'll get in a queue and you might have to wait for like two or three. Annoyed. Yeah. This is way better to sit here and like have a drink, have a drink, chill, have a chat, listen to the piano player. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, the actual parade itself was Yeah, it was just really quite pretty. It was It was beautiful. Like the colors on I was really looking forward to the train, which is the last bit. Oh, you knew that already, did you? Yeah, I had seen that and I was really looking forward. I knew it would last and it did not disappoint cuz you've obviously got the face on the front and then it's just kind of like going along and then it bursts into color. It's huge. Yeah, it's massive. Um, so I loved it. I'm so glad we got to see that. And we were a bit worried we were not going to have enough time to find a good spot, but we walked in and I literally just took position in a little space that I saw. Yeah. And also the thing that actually ended up being quite good is that everyone that was sat down like waiting for the parade um generally everyone stay sat. So then all of those people could see and then the people behind that was standing up then they could all see. So you almost had two layers of people then that could completely see. Yeah. Whereas I most normal parades and things you got like it's only the first row who can see properly. Yeah. So that was kind of good actually cuz I was stood up behind you and I could see. Yeah. I stayed sitting down and then obviously people aren't then holding phones up and blocking the view. So it was perfect. There were definitely less people watching the second one. Someone told me the other day they watched the 8:30 one and it was super busy. I mean it was quite busy. It was quite busy still. Um but it wasn't too crazy. So I would recommend if you can stay up later to watch the second one. And I would recommend that always whether it's the Halloween party or the Starlight one. the later one will always be quieter because a lot of people with young children will have gone home or if they've been here all day and all that sort of thing. But yeah, we love it and we're going to take a slow walk out of here now, head to the bus. It looks quite quiet now on Main Street. I can see it's midnight. It is midnight. It's another late night for us. It was goodness knows what time last night. So yeah, two late nights in a row. Tomorrow we're going to be going to Epcot's and we don't have to be there super early. So, we want to like get up and go, but we haven't got anything till like midday that's a commitment. So, we've got our Guardians return time and then you're doing a live live stream for Patreon. Yes. For my Patreon members and then San Helen. Yes. Which I love. And are we going to watch the fireworks? Yeah, I think we'll probably try to do that tomorrow. Um I think that is going to be our last time in Epcot on this trip. Yeah. A Yeah. So, we will try and do the fireworks tomorrow night. And there's some other little snacks we wanted to look at around the World Showcase. And we were hoping to have something from the caramel store in Germany. Yeah, that would be good. And also, we didn't really do anything up near the front because we came in through like by France, didn't we? You want to do so in You spoke to Becky, didn't you? And Becky said that today in Epcot was just crazy busy. They just went back to the hotel cuz it was so crazy. So hopefully tomorrow will be a little bit better for us. We'll have to see. At least we've got Guardians booked. We have and our dinner. So, at least we can eat and ride Guardian. They're getting very excited in the music room. Maybe someone's being a bit, you know, badly behaved during their lesson. So, yeah, that's tomorrow, which will be next week for you guys. And we've still got more to come. We've still got Hollywood Studios we haven't even done yet. Claire is honestly This is the time of night when it's midnight. So, this is why we're wrapping up now because by the time we get back to the room, we will basically be expired and not even able to speak. So, we hope you guys enjoyed this one. It was a bit more of a relaxed vlog, obviously going around the resorts, but I feel like that sometimes is nice to show something a little bit different and I know you guys love going around the resorts. So, I hope you did enjoy it. Like I said earlier, please do let us know in the comments if there are certain resorts that you want to see. We will try to go to the ones that you really want to look at. So, please do let us know. And don't forget to give it a thumbs up as well. That helps when other people are looking for Disney vlogs for them to find it. And just a huge thank you to everyone who came up today to say hello. We met loads of you, didn't we, when we were going around the resorts. and a few people here in the Magic Kingdom as well this evening. And we just love it. We love chatting to you. So, always do come and say hello. And just thank you to all of you for watching and commenting, subscribing, following on Instagram, supporting on Patreon, all of those things. If you are interested in that, I'll link it below. I do always do live streams when I'm here as well as at home. I do them like monthly. We just have a good chat and catch up and everything. So, um I will put that below if you're interested in that. But a huge thank you for taking the time out of your day to watch. We are going back to the hotel to bed. I can't wait. I'm very excited to get to sleep and we will see you next Saturday for more Epcot. Bye. [Music] Guess what song we got? We got Disco. So good. Cuz you can start dancing like immediately, can't you? You're still flying backwards and dancing. [Music]
