---
video_id: 3tnzAmgdSuU
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "WALT DISNEY WORLD VLOG ✨ Disney Springs, Homecomin' restaurant and airport Q&A AD"
published: 2025-11-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tnzAmgdSuU
---
I I take me home today. Take me back to the sweet sweet. Hey everyone, welcome to a new Disney in detail vlog. And you'll notice that I'm at home rather than in the parks. Don't worry because in a minute we are going to be back in Walt Disney World. I needed to just pop in and do an intro to this video because this was originally supposed to be all one long vlog of the previous day and then us going home, but actually it was quite a lot of footage. It was going to be quite long. So, I decided to split it into two. So, I needed to just drop in and let you know that as to why there was no kind of beginning to this vlog. And this one is going to be starting out in Disney Springs. We went to Homecoming to eat and it was Cla's first time there and also go to World of Disney and we finish off answering your questions. But it's Cla and myself answering your questions cuz you did have a lot of questions for her as well. So all of that is coming up. Stay tuned for that. But this is actually really convenient that I needed to pop in and do this introduction because there is something I've got to show you and this has worked out as perfect timing. As many of you will know, I've partnered with Wild for several years now. I absolutely love their refillable deodorant and they've got something for Black Friday and I have got an amazing offer for you and it's only for a very short period of time. So, I just had to let you know about this. Many of you will know that I absolutely love ombre. I love an ombre moment and this is their newest case that they are launching for Black Friday. It's called Chrome, but it just has this ombre effect as well as being super shiny. I'm obsessed with this. I absolutely love it. And as well as this case and the case for the roll on if you prefer roll on deodorant, they also have the refillable body wash as well. You could use this as body wash or hand wash. But look how beautiful this case is. I love this with the cases because it is a refillable deodorant. I've been giving the cases away to everyone I know and now everybody is using Wild as well. It just works for me even in the Florida heat. I find it works so well and it's just more moisturizing than regular deodorants that I used to use in the past. Black Cherry is one of their newest fragrances. It is honestly one of my favorites they have ever done. Oh my gosh, it is so good. I feel like I could drink it. I'm not going to. Disclaimer, please do not drink or eat any of these as good as they smell. But they also have Winter Breeze. This one reminds me of a Disney lobby. I think this smells a little bit like Clover World, which is the fragrance that smells like the Disney lobby from Bose Signature Candles. That smells really similar. Smell the A little sniff. Yeah, smell that. Oh, yeah. I see what you mean. Doesn't that smell like that? They smell very, very similar. Yeah. And while Paul is here, he is going to have to smell this. They have a warm cinnamon bun fragrance. That there is I'm nicking that one. Yeah. Paul's definitely going to have this one. He uses Wild as well. Pretty much everybody I know does. Now, if you're someone who loves like candles and all the different fragrances, this is like that for deodorant. That's what Wild is like, honestly. And you can get your refills on a subscription as well, just to make it easier so you don't forget to reorder them. And refilling your case is really easy. All you need to do is make sure it's wound down to the bottom. Use the little tabs on the side. Press those and pull the bottom out. Put your refill on the top and then put the case back on and wind it up. That's it. Really, really easy to do. And Wild have given me the best discount code I've ever had for you guys so that you can get your hands on this or any of the cases. This offer is valid for your whole Wild order. Whether it's the refills, the cases, you need to buy gifts for people. It is 33% off. So, you can use the QR code that is up here or you can use the code on the screen, Victoria 33, and that would get you 33% off everything, but that is a very limited deal just for Black Friday. So, if you do want to get that discount code and get that amazing deal, do that quickly because that code won't last very long. So, we're going to get into the vlog now. Next week is going to be the beginning of Disneyland Paris. So, we went to Disneyland Paris recently, Paul's first time. It was the Christmas season. I cannot tell you how magical and amazing it was. I haven't been to Disneyland Paris anywhere near as often as Disney World and I've never been at this time of year and we absolutely loved it. We filmed the Christmas parade, the decorations, the nighttime show blew us away. It was honestly incredible. Um, as well as going to the Walt Disney Studios park and we've got all of that to come. So, that'll be starting next week. But this one is the final episode of me and Cla in Disney World. So, hope you enjoy. Goodbye, Allstar Sports. Bye-bye. We don't want to leave. It's so so sad when you're leaving, but we're all packed up. Um just done the kind of last minute checks. I always put a phone torch on under the bed. Always check everywhere. But yeah, time to go. But we still have Disney Springs. Yes, I know. And homecoming. Yes. So, we're going to go and do that. We've arrived at Disney Springs and it's nice and quiet. I love coming to Disney Springs when it's like this rather than when you're here at mega busy time in the evening or something. This is just nice to stroll around. And homecoming is our destination. Yeah, homecoming is very difficult to get a reservation. It can be quite a challenge. So, I was glad that we got one for this morning. I haven't eaten there for a little while. Got no idea what I'm going to have. It will be lunch stuff, I guess, rather than anything brunchy, but we'll see. I don't know that I've looked at the menu for this. I'm kind of assuming from the name it is quite American comfort food. Comfort food, I would say. Yeah. fried chicken and mashed potatoes and stuff like that. But they do salads. Um I've had the salad with fried chicken before which was really nice. Um the other place we would have gone if we weren't going to homecoming though is right ahead Blaze Pizza. I've never been there. What? No, I've never been. We Yeah. Know we've had it on the list like both times, but I think I don't know whether or not there was like a queue or whether or not we just didn't find it cuz I didn't even know it was here. Oh my gosh. But I think we've ended up in Deluxe Burger rather than Blaze Pizza. Oh, well, you were so close cuz this is Deluxe Burger and this is Blaze Pizza. If you'd got a few more steps, you'd have found it. Yeah, Blaze Pizza I can highly recommend. It's really good value as well, I find for a lot of places can be quite expensive in Disney Springs, but Blaze Pizza is just great. Well, that is why I've tried to go like we've had it on the list because of you recommending it. It's amazing. Yeah. And like you can literally make your own pizza, can't you? Yeah, it's like a create your own. Oh, something smells nice. I think it might be homecoming. And this is the thing. There's just never enough time. Like there's so many different restaurants here at Disney Springs that I love. And in a 9-day trip, we've managed to do one. Where do we eat at Disney Springs? Did we eat here? No, we didn't. We had a drink. Oh, we went to Hoa for a drink. That was it. So, we haven't even managed to do one, which is I really wanted to eat at Moramoto Asia, don't we? I've never tried that. I've um we did have a booking for that, but again, it was just one that we didn't get around to actually doing, but I think that would be nice. There's just so many good ones here. Honestly, I could eat somewhere different every single night of a two week trip. We're just going to be going around the corner overall. Enjoy. Thank you. We are seated our last meal of the trip. I am currently googling what are hush puppies. So, hush puppies are a southern dish consisting of deep fried savory balls or nuggets made from a thick cornmeal batter. And it's really cool in here. I do love it. This is a very popular restaurant here at Disney Springs. All of the food is like very local and very fresh. That's kind of their thing. And they do brunch here. I know that that's really popular on the weekends. On the menu, the thigh high chicken biscuits, I believe, is one of their most popular items. Then they have deileled eggs. Then they've got fried green tomatoes. That actually sounds really nice. Fried pickles. Then they do have like burgers and sandwiches, meatloaf sandwich, catfish sandwich. Then the fried chicken. These are kind of the main signature items. They have it with mashed potatoes and a biscuit. Another one of their really popular items if you look further down is the fried chicken and donuts. Normal sweet donuts and chicken. Yeah. And it looks like they've now partnered with Everglazed who are over by Splitzville Bowling. And another thing that is like a signature here is the Shine on Tap. You can get Shine Flight. So, a taste of all five flavors. I have a coffee because to me it is still morning. So, I need coffee. It's only just still morning, but it's still coffee time in my world. 5 minutes past 11. 10 minutes past 11. So, that is definitely the morning. Our food has arrived. And look how big Cla's plate of chicken and mash. got one, two, and like I know you can get pieces like like KFC boxes where you do get like lots of pieces of chicken, but like if I was serving up dinner, I would have just that one. I wouldn't also have these two. That does look good though. It smells amazing. It does. I got a side of the mac and cheese because I feel like here it's just essential to get that. And that looks so good, that mac and cheese. And then I did get the salad. It's got egg and chicken. The dressing is really nice. It's got the cheddar biscuit croutons. I love this salad, so I had to go for that. The napkin looks like a sort of tea towel. It does look like a British tea towel. Yeah. What are you saying? The mashed potato is delicious. The um Are these like cheese biscuits? Drop biscuits. It's like a cheddar scone kind of thing. And that's very good. I haven't tried the chicken yet. I almost want to pick it up and just eat it with my hands. I feel like that would be a bit too much in here. I wouldn't judge. No, I know. But I would judge myself. But if I was at home in my living room, that's exactly what I do. Oh, yeah. That's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Very good chicken. The coating is actually quite thick. Very nice. Good. Okay. I've got a bite here with the chicken and the egg and the dressing on so that I can fully It's quite a big bite actually. The chicken is really good here. That's what this restaurant is known for, the fried chicken. So, if you do like that, I would recommend getting one of the dishes. Either what CLA has, what I have, or you have the fried chicken and donuts as well, if that's your thing. Um, is good. Very, very good. But when you're getting your ADRs, when you're booking them, I would prioritize trying to get this one because it really is quite difficult to get a reservation. And I don't believe that they use Open Table like some of the Disney Springs restaurants do. Disney Springs. Actually, loads of the restaurants here use Open Table as well as the Disney reservation system. So, when we wanted to get cake bake, we had a reservation earlier in the day and we needed to change it and through the Disney website there was nothing. But I went to Open Table and I was able to get a later one. So, there are quite a few throughout Disney World and some of the non Disney operated ones that use it, but I don't think Homecoming does. So, you need to snag a reservation unless they've started using it. I don't know. And also LA not last year, the year before 23 when I came um I used Open Table for Wagland Road. Yep. Because we were meeting up with like another family, friends of ours and in total there was 10 of us and I couldn't book 10 through Disney whereas Open Table allowed me to. Okay, cool. So that's worth knowing if you got bigger groups as well. But this is delicious. I'm loving this. And we are going to answer some of your questions today as well. So, there are plenty of questions for either Cla or both of us. So, we will be doing those at the airport as well to kill some time because there's always a lot of waiting around. Look at this mac and cheese. Look at the top. That is like hot thick cheese. It does smell so good. Oh, that's good. The thing that's good about that, some of the mac and cheese that I've had over here is much more buttery and less cheesy. And I do like a cheesy mac and cheese. This one because it has that thick layer of cheese on top. It has that nice buttery taste, but it is also very cheesy. So that is Yeah. You can't really see the pasta. No, it's like under a layer of cheese. Yeah, that looks good to me. Try some. Yeah, really good. I am full. So conclusion, the mac and cheese amazing. Absolutely delicious. Like the amount of cheese. That is so cheesy. It's so cheesy. It's got like the thickest layer of cheese I've ever seen. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Love that. So, the mac and cheese was amazing. The salad, love the fried chicken. And there was plenty of the fried chicken on the top. The only criticism I've got about this salad, it comes with like tomatoes and cucumbers and bacon as well, but there was hardly any of that. So, there were literally like four halves of cherry tomatoes, a couple of bits of cucumber, and the rest of it is all lettuce. So, I have left a lot of the lettuce um because there was just so much of it. I would have preferred a salad where there's more cucumber and tomato in it because to me those are like the best staples. Yeah. Yeah. You don't mind having the lettuce but like half of it there's loads, isn't there? Yeah. There's like tons and tons and not enough of the other bits. So, that's the only criticism with the salad. But the fried chicken on it was amazing. What did you think? I think it was very delicious. I don't look like I've had that much, but there was three massive pieces of chicken on my plate. So, I've managed to eat one whole piece and about a third of another one. So, I do feel like I've left a lot, but I just couldn't eat it. Mashed potato was delicious and I've had quite a lot of that. And I've had half of the cheesy biscety thing. Um, but yeah, very good. I mean, I definitely would eat it again. I just wish you could all have like half a small a child's portion. Yeah, we were discussing actually that almost I could have ordered this for us to share. Like Victoria and I could have totally then had the chicken and shared the mashed potato and then we could have got just like a side or a couple of sides or or the three sides if we could have Yeah. the trio side. But yeah, it was all really like delicious. So I'd come back again. Oh yeah, 100%. And I believe this restaurant is on the dining plan. I'll put it on the screen or just cut this bit out if I'm incorrect, but I'm fairly certain it is. And I do think that would be a really good use of your credit. But I would do um what me and CLA just said. So one of you order like that chicken meal, one of you order the trio of sides as your main and share cuz then you can try more stuff which is always good. And the coffee is nice as well. So that's always a plus. We have come out to some very slight rain. I was just going to have a look at the queue for Gideon's. Oh, is it up there? Is it? can see there is a reasonably big queue, but it does move quite fast. Oh, is this it? Oh, that's right here. Okay, it does move fast. That's about the same as what it was last year. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to get pretzel bites at the airport instead. Okay. Cuz I like them, too. And I'd rather get to World of Disney and make sure we got plenty of time. I hate rushing to get back to your hotel for your M's Connect. Yeah, World of Disney is so big. Like, you want to make sure you have got enough time. And obviously we need to make sure that we get back to the hotel so that we can get picked up to go home. Rushing to do that is quite then worrying and I don't want to do that. So we'll skip Gideon's cookies for today. Although I do love them. Yeah. And Disney Springs is looking stunning as always. It's a little bit drizzly but not enough to warrant putting up an umbrella yet. Although it does look as if it might have actually rained a little bit heavier. Yeah, cuz the ground is wet. So while we were in there, I think we missed a shower. Our first holiday, we ended up going to Sprinkles. Oh, I've never had one. Is it good? Yeah, it was good. But like it was because we were really hungry and we needed somewhere to eat, but everything was closed. It must have been really late. So, we had Yeah. like donuts and milkshake for our dinner at about 11 at night. Love it. Only on vacation. I don't always come back here. They got lucky time there. And Edward Bay, which is sunglasses. There used to be a Pandora back here. Unless I've totally Oh, yeah. No, we did just walk past it. It was Yeah. So, the Pandora's just behind us and Uniclo is down here. And Polite Pig. So, that's just to show you where we are. If you're not sure, Polite Pig is amazing. Here we are. And they have taken down the main sign that was at the top there. You can see it kind of doesn't stand out as well as it normally does. I don't know if they're refurbishing it or doing something different, but World of Disney, I feel like, is a thing that everybody has to do on their last day. Absolutely. For those last minute gifts. I also think one day I need to go to the Daily Poutine. Oh, the Daily Poutine is so good. Yeah, just behind us here. I can highly recommend the Daily Poutine. It's really good. Pretty soon I won't be going around with my little refillable mug. Sad times. I'm on the lookout for a gift for Paul and something for mom because so far I haven't found anything that I wanted for them. These look nice. Mickey and Friends collection for Pandora. I love the Donald. I did purchase a different sweatshirt this morning. I got that cream colored one with the gold writing from Hollywood Studios, but it was too big and it just wasn't going to work at all. So, I exchanged it for a different one in Allstar Sports. I do like that Mickey one as well. These ones have got the character on the front and then on the back you've got like the back of the character and they've got various different characters. I do like these actually. And there's Minnie. Let's have a look at the I think I like the Daisy one the best actually. I do love that. See if there's anything different in terms of bags and spirit jerseys and ears and things. They've got this Small World range featured here. And that's the ears. And Haunted Mansion is featured heavily here with it being Halloween coming up. Look at this doom buggy. This is so cool. Does this light up or something? Has a handle on the top. I'm confused why it has a handle. Is that just to make it easier to get around or or is it like or is it a thing that I don't know what it is? It just looks like a decorative piece. I light up, it says on the label. So, yeah, it does light up. I love that. How cool is that? You see how big it is compared to my hand? It's really quite large. I don't think I've seen this hat before. They have got so much Haunted Mansion stuff. I love this. Got like this rugby style top and then this spirit jersey. I do have a purple Haunted Mansion one from a few years back. That sweatshirt is nice as well. They do really have some nice apparel on this trip. There's loads of stuff that I would have got, but you have to pick one. You can't have it all. I saw this sweatshirt the other day and really liked it. And I feel like it's kind of similar to the t-shirt I'm wearing today. This one says everything is better in Walt Disney World. I think I got this one a couple of years ago here in Disney Springs. This could be nice for Paul because this is the kind of top that he would wear like a polo. And then it has the little D on the sleeve as well. This one feels more like something you would wear to play golf in. I think. Yeah, they actually have golf balls around here. So, I'm assuming that is definitely a golf one. I mean, you could wear it for whatever obviously. I do really like the Haunted Mansion shirt. That is nice. This is always quite a good section if you're looking for last minute gifts cuz they have all the candy things and stuff like that. That's easy to take back. Just take a look in this section cuz Paul does love cooking and kitchen type stuff. I really do love the kitchen towel holder. Saw that the other day. If I had more space, I probably would get that. This is a nice candle. It's got all four parks on it. Ooh, doughut warm cookie scented candle. That smells exactly like the smell on Main Street from the confectionary. Like literally exactly like it. Oh, I really want to get this, but I am going to struggle with the weight. Oh, no. I really want this. Oh, Lumia, one day I will have enough space to bring you back. I haven't this time. They have this wooden block counter for your Disney trips, your countdown. That's really good. I've been struggling to think what to get for mom. I think I'm going to get her these bag clips. You can use them for clipping up, you know, like Chris packets or anything that you need to put a clip on. And they've got a castle, the balloon, and Minnie and Mickey. These are really cute. I might get Paul a tumbler for iced coffee because I've got one that I use. He normally uses his um refillable mug, but maybe I'll get him something like this for iced coffee at home cuz we do drink quite a lot of it. They have a Montreal one. This was like hiding right at the bottom. I think I might have to get him this. Okay, we got our last minute shopping and I did meet some of you guys in there who were also doing your last minute Disney shopping as well. And now it's going to be back to Allstar Sports. Last refill of the refillable mug while we wait for our Mia Connect to arrive. It's always that sad time, but we've had the best time. But we are going to answer a load of your questions when we get to the airport cuz there's always some waiting there. So, we will be doing that. That's still to come. So, stay tuned. Let's just give you a last look at Springs though. It has been a little bit rainy. There's been some showers, but love Disney Springs, especially all of this newer area. I say new, it's not really new now, but it is from what I remember when it was Downtown Disney and Pleasure Island back in the day. Just to let you know the current timings of things, it does vary, but you know, largely stays the same. The last bus from your resort hotel to Disney Springs departs at 11:00 and the last bus going back to your resort hotel will depart at 12:30. So, that's the kind of timings for getting to and from. They will always do their best to get everybody back. But obviously at those times in the morning, you do need to try and get to the last bus because obviously the drivers don't want to be having to take people back at goodness knows what time in the morning. So you might have to get an Uber if you miss it. So we're all packed up and that is going to be it for us leaving Allstar Sports now. I can't believe it. I've just shoehorned the last of the items that I bought from Disney Springs into my suitcase and they barely fitted. I'm really hoping my case is not going to be overweight. Keep everything crossed for me. But yeah, that's going to be it now from this trip. Very soon I will be back though. There's still more to come. I'm going to be filming the airport process and of course answering your questions before we then head back. So stay tuned for more. But yeah, that is going to be it from Allstar Sports. And just like that, we are looking very much UK bound again. Sadly, although I do have my new jumper on, which I love, and hat, obviously bad hair on the plane, so this is when it definitely means it's time to go. The luggage is maxed out. I'm pretty sure it's going to be overweight, so we've been trying to make a plan of action in case it is. And the zip was just breaking, which was a bit worrying. So, I hope it doesn't burst open. No, I don't think it will. It won't. On the plus side with this suitcase, both sides are like zipped. Everything is zipped in. So, even if it did open, stuff wouldn't fall out. Frying out. Yeah. But I think I might need a new suitcase. It's my fault cuz I probably I totally overloaded it. Right. Should we go lifts? Oh, yeah. We've accidentally just gone up and down in the lift a little bit. We need this floor. I'm actually not sure where the Norse desk is. cuz I've not flown with them before. Let's go find It's probably going to be close to the British Airways. Why is it over here? Nor C14. Oh, yeah. It's just around the other side of here. That's why we weren't seeing it. Here it is. We have had to do a little bit of Tetris. Unfortunately, my bag was a tiny bit over. Cla's was a tiny bit under. And now, with any luck, Claire's will be 23 or under. And then we're sorted. But we did not want to pay excess baggage when one of our cases was under. No, we don't. Somebody is putting on a load of clothes over there. Reminds me of Becky. Becky would totally do that. 22.9. Yes, we've avoided the fees. We are through. And Cla's bag got an extra check because of my Bose candle. Nothing to do with me. No, that was the thing that we moved um to go. Oh, you all right? Yeah. There's a new moving walkway. CLA Cla was not ready for that. That was the thing we moved out of my bag into Cla's was the candle and it um alerted and your toiletries. But we obviously did put them in my suitcase. The candle we put in my hand luggage, so don't do that, I guess. Yeah, maybe put those in the big suitcase. They're not liquid, so I don't know why that was. But anyway, now we can get through and have a coffee and relax. I do like it here. This terminal is so much better than the other one. I think we're going to sit down and do our questions in just a second. But we want to get some food first. So, we're going to get a pizza. I had pizza from here last time and it was really nice. I think I'll grab a Starbucks, too. And I'm just going to check out the shop to see if there's anything I want to take on the plane cuz don't forget with Norse, they don't really give you any drinks and stuff and snacks. So, make sure you fill your water bottle and pick up any drinks or anything that you might need. We've got our pizza. It does take kind of a long time to get it from there. So, just make sure that you do go and get it when you've got enough time. It's not like super long, but it's not quick. Yeah. Like you forgot, didn't you, that like last year it did take a while and you forgot this year they cook them like really fresh. So they are nice, but they do take a while. So we've got that. We're just going to have this and then we'll do a few questions and then it'll probably be time to go to the gate pretty much after that. It's question time. That pizza was so good though as well. That was really good. Yeah, it is. I would recommend that pizza. Princess Sizzy is saying, "What is your favorite value, moderate, and deluxe resorts and why?" I can't give complete accurate answers cuz I haven't stayed at all of them. I mean, I absolutely thought sports was great. Just then when we were leaving as well and we had to like we meas like got us first, didn't it? And then we went to music and yeah, movies and then music and I looking out the window. I actually liked sports from the outside the most. I think though, especially if I was coming with like young children, Art of Animation was so cool. It is nice. Like the cars area was amazing. So, I think maybe that one would would be what I'd choose. The pool area looked really cool as well. I know what you're going to say for moderate. Yeah, obviously Coronado Springs because it's just incredible. It's amazing. I mean, it is obviously big, so if you're not so good at walking around too much, then that might not be the one for you. It is great. But if you are, then I mean, you can stay in the tower. Yeah. Um that's much more hotel like. Yeah, totally. But like absolutely loved it. That's definitely the best. And then for deluxe, I would say um Wilderness Lodge. Yeah. Or Animal Kingdom Lodge. I just remember last year when I when you took me along to Wilderness Lodge and I was blown away. It is amazing walking up to it and then the doors opening and seeing it. It was lovely. So yeah, I think that's it. I would say Pop Century is my favorite value mainly because of the sky and I do like the rooms there as well. I do enjoy the rooms. Then moderate, I would also say Coronado. I love love love Coronado Springs, especially Grandstino Tower. And then for it's so hard because Polynesian has historically always been my favorite and it kind of still is. I have stayed at Animal Kingdom Lodge more times and we have visited it as well. I am increasingly finding Animal Kingdom Lodge is my favorite too and we went there this trip and that almost just made me even more think that I actually prefer staying there. I love the Polynesian. I love visiting the Polynesian but actually I think maybe Animal Kingdom Lodge. Oh, nice. Might be. Yeah, I really do love it. This is an easy answer to this one. Sher is asking, "What is something that had the uncontroll had you in uncontrollable giggles on this trip?" Oh, well, I know what that was. Easy. Claire trying on Halloween costumes in Target. 100%. Great fun. That was probably the most funny thing this entire trip to as well. Like I've heard it and like see cuz so many people have liked it or whatever. I just keep on hearing Victoria laughing. Yeah, my I was doing a total gezer laugh in that. That's the bit that makes me chuckle the most. It really was so funny though. That that's definitely like the biggest laugh. Moy was asking, "How often does CLA normally get to go to the parks?" Well, as in like go to Disney at all. How often do you Not enough. Um I came to Victoria last year. Yeah. And I then also went in 2023 with my family. The time before that was 2018 and that was my first time. So I've been four times which I feel is very lucky. I would love to go again. I'm the one that likes Disney the most though out of my whole family. So yeah, you're the big big Disney fan. Yeah, I need to do a little bit of convincing. Vicki is asking for CLA, what is your favorite and least favorite ride at Disney? Favorite is Guardians. Absolutely. Without question. Um probably closely followed by Flight of Passage. Yeah, love that. Um least favorite, it would probably have to be Star Tours. Oh, yeah. Because that makes me feel it for me it just feels like uh turbulence, right? Yeah. It's a bit like that. So, I I don't like feeling sick and and that makes me feel sick. Um I would prefer things like Small World and Dumbo and Astro Orbiter over feeling sick. So, Star Tours it is. Then Jay Condron is asking for both of you favorite coffee or cake place to sit down in the parks. Ooh, in Magic Kingdom it is really quite good at the yellow umbrellas. Yeah, I do love that spot cuz you can get your Starbucks and sit there, but it is also nice to tuck in that little bit down Main Street to just get away from the madness. Yes, the side little side street on Main Street is good, too. Nomad Lounge in Animal Kingdom. Yeah, that was um churros and coffee in Nomad Lounge is so good. And that's in the parks. One that isn't in the parks, but I have to just mention it, is Riviera. So, if you go to the Riviera Resort, they have um Leit Cafe, I think it's called. They have the nicest little cakes and things in there, and you can get a drink and sit in the library next door. When you were doing your live stream yesterday, I went and sat down just around the boardwalk area. Yeah, that is nice. That is also quite nice cuz again, you got lots of benches and it's really quite peaceful and you've got the cake bake shop where you can get such good cake there. So, all of those, but I do not recommend getting the takeout coffee from the cake bake shop. It's very expensive and it's not that great. I already answered this question, but I'll ask Cla. Did you think Gio82 was worth the price? So, I've already answered this. What did you think? Do you think it was? Um, I can't remember exactly how much I spent there. It was like $25 for the cocktails each. The hours. That is a lot. Yeah. And like, if I honestly had to say, do I think that drink was worth $25? Of course not. Like, no. I mean, it is the experience, isn't it? It is the experience. Yeah. And the flatbread was worth what we paid. I think that was like $15 and that was great. So, I would say that was Yeah. I mean, that is obviously on the pricey side, but it is a special place that you're going to like and it is over 21. Like, it just is quite fancy. Um, so I don't know, $25 for one cocktail is loads. Is a lot. But you could get other drinks. Yeah. You didn't have to have that. Yeah, that's true. That's true. So yeah, maybe if you were getting something else then I sort of said I think it is worth it for a special occasion or just to do it at least once. I think it is worth it just to see it. Yeah. This one I was going to get us both to answer. If you could only go to one park for the rest of your life, which would it be? Oh, no way. What? You guys love to give us a mean question. That's quite difficult to answer. So, I thought we would do that one. Mine's Epcot. It would have to be. But I would feel so upset at not being able to do the others. If I had to just only do one, it would be Epcot for me. Oh man, that is so difficult. I couldn't say anything else. I think it would have to be It's either Magic Kingdom or Epcot. Okay. Cuz Magic Kingdom is like when you close your eyes and think of Disney, especially if you're a person that's never been to Disney, Magic Kingdom is more I think anyway, what will pop into your head is classic Disney. You'd never be able to do Guardians again then. I know. I know. I know. That's why it's very difficult. Um, can I just have a little Oh, can we have like a little tunnel? No, you have to pick one. Oh, I think if because I would probably be coming with my family again, I probably would say Magic Kingdom because I'd be devastated that we couldn't go on Guardians and I would still want to sneak off there. And the camera's Cla's drifting out of the the she's still here. Sorry, I was just drifting there. Um, yeah, that is very difficult and I would be so upset to never do Magic Kingdom again. No, I just It's a very hard question. Yeah. Um, rank your favorite methods of Disney transportation. Okay, that's quite a good one. I I mean, I enjoy all of it except for like the buses really. Not that like the bus like the buses themselves are cool that they turn up and how they look. It's just like more boring because you do that kind of thing anyway, don't you? So, I think I actually really like going on the boats. I thought you might say that as your first. Yeah. Yeah. I've just I've really enjoyed that every single time. I like it because it's it's not air con but it's the breeze. I think that's why I like them and it's just cool like going along on the boats. Then probably Montreal for me. Then Skylliner only because I I'm sure I felt a little bit funny when I went on the Sky and it does like goof doesn't it? So that's kind of at the end and then and then the coach. Is that it? Yeah. I think mine would be Skylliner is my favorite. It is quite difficult actually. You would think Montreal would be my second, but I do love the boats and the Montreal can be crowded and that annoys me when the Montreal is crowded and you're just all like in there like sardines. So I think actually I would say Skyliner then boat then Montreal then buses. Yeah. Which is surprising. I thought Monreal would be higher. Right. Let's just do a couple more here. If you could only pick one snack during your trip, what would it be? It's very hard to answer. I think the one that literally jumped into my head straight away then was the creme brulee croissant from Gaston. That was so nice. It really was so good. If I could only have one though cuz in the running with the creme brulee croissant would be the fruit Nutella waffle. Also in the running would be schoolbread. Oh yeah, schoolbread is really good. And I actually love the cheeseburger spring rolls. But I wish they had ketchup there. That's really annoying. Yeah, that is a bummer. They always used to. I think I would have to say the creme brulee croissant though if I'm thinking about eating all of those things. That was like your 10 out of 10. Yeah, I think it would be. It'd have to be that. Yeah, you did. You picked that as well. So, okay. I'm sure I answered this one already. Where can I find the panic and pain plushies? I'm pretty sure I answered that and I'll cut this out if I already did, but it was at the shop at the end of Phil her magic. So, just as you're coming out exiting, it was in the shop there. What are your tips to work around the wait times? Genie Plus is so expensive. So, it can be very expensive if there's multiple people in your party as well. Obviously, for us, it was just us and we only did two days of the multipass. So, that is even a tip in itself. You don't have to do it every day. Oh, no. No. I definitely would. You could if if you can afford to, depending on how big your party is, you could just think, let's just do one day at Magic Kingdom and one day at Hollywood Studios. Um, that's at least one tip there. if you can't afford it at all because it is a lot of money to pay on top of everything else you've already and I wouldn't really bother using it so much at caught on and animal kingdom. I very rarely would use it there. Um, lightning lanes you can do the individual ones. We tend to just do those maybe for guardians, flight of passage, maybe the occasional one for Tron more than using the multipass. My main tip would be I actually would utilize the party days. If you are there during the autumn or winter when there's Halloween or Christmas parties, I would utilize those days in the Magic Kingdom because it's so quiet and you can get almost everything done. Other than that, I would always say if you can go later and stay till close. I find the rides have got less of a wait time near closing than early in the day. The other day I went to Animal Kingdom, you didn't come with me. No. And it was like so the park was closing at 6:00 and I think at about like 4:5ish. I was finishing eating and I was looking at the times. Um I think first of all I went and did the safari cuz that said like 5 minutes and then I had the choice of doing flight of passage or Na'vi River and it said it was like 15minute wait for flight of passage. Like that's pretty good like towards the end of the day. So yeah, I jumped on and did that. I find the end of the day better. Obviously, everybody goes in the morning and does rope drop. And I find that's the busiest time actually. The exception is if you've got the extra half an hour for Disney resort guests. Definitely go and do that. Go and do like the ride you most want to do. Make sure that you get that done. Then if you are going early like that, I would come away, have a break in the middle of the day, go to a resort. If you're not staying at Disney and you don't want to go all the way back to your hotel offsite, go to a Disney resort and relax. Yeah, cuz that's totally cool. Go around and have a look at the resorts anyway. go to resorts you're not staying at cuz then you yeah just get to see what other Disney places are like and you can sit there for hours if you want to and then go back in the evening. Yeah. And also if you are a deluxe person you get like two extra hours like sort of magic hours in the evening don't you occasionally for Magic Kingdom and Epcot. If you were a deluxe resort guest definitely make the most of that. Um but I would just say yeah go more towards the end of the day. The lines tend to be a bit shorter in my experience. And also maybe as well if you are there for like the two weeks or something you know prioritize. Don't necessarily think you have to go on all the rides every time cuz that's just you're just being cues then like maybe one time if you're in Epcot you could think okay this time I'm going to go to Guardians either first thing or towards the end and maybe another time you're going to do Ratatouille or another time you're going to do Frozen or something and make them the priority. Do you like different ones? Yeah. Can you wish Adian a happy birthday please? Happy birthday, Alian. Tips for being a confident first time Disney vlogger. To be honest, the first time you do it is probably not going to be when you're the most confident. When I go back and watch my first ever vlogs, that was not my most confident. I didn't speak to camera as much. I would feel awkward pulling the camera out in the parks. It is something that gets easier over time and you get more confident at it. So don't put pressure on yourself to like just go and the first time you're ever doing it just be really confident and be totally fine doing everything because that is quite unlikely. I think it takes a bit of practice. So just yeah build build up to it but nobody is going to really care to be honest. Everyone there's so many people that are on their phones and on their cameras anyway. So yeah, no one bats an eyelid. I can feel awkward vlogging back home if I'm in a town center in the UK. I would feel awkward getting the camera out, but I don't hear because no one backs. Everyone has their phones and cameras out all the time anyway. When I started 10 years ago, people did look at you funny and they were like, "What is she doing? Are you you're like, "You weirdo." Like, I did used to get that a lot. I don't anymore. People are so used to seeing people vlogging. It's just normal now. Uh, right. Let's just do one more and then we will have to get going. Let's just see what we've got here. Has Allstar Sports been noisy at nighttime? No. Nope. Not at all. Categorically, no. Um, we've gone to bed at nighttime, not heard anything, not been woken up by anything whatsoever. And there has been the odd time that we have actually been back at the room like early enough to hear people coming back. I think maybe one time we were back at like 7ish, another time we were back at like 9. So like downstairs in the food court and whatnot, that is crazy busy times. But up in the rooms, I haven't heard a thing. And actually, I did have another question here. Somebody was asking about noise at the Allstars, as in hearing people through the walls. This trip is the least I have heard anything. So, I've had previous trips where I did have one noisy neighbor, a lady who was just quite loud and I could hear her. I think she was on the phone all the time, so I couldn't hear anyone else. Maybe she was just talking to herself. But I'm going to tell myself it wasn't that and she was on the phone, but I would hear her through the walls. Sometimes you can hear people like flushing toilets and things like that. I haven't really heard that this trip. It's been quite quiet. So, I think it depends what room you have. Yeah. And who your neighbors are, but generally speaking, totally not. It was noisier when me and Catherine stayed at the holiday and we had all that construction going on. Be annoying construction. We were waking up at 3:00 a.m. to the sounds of like bin what sounded like a um bin collection lorry or construction. And we Katherine was hilarious. She literally like w and I'm like it's 3:00 a.m. It's not time to get up. She was like, "Oh my." And we had that like every night. So, we haven't had anything like that. It's been really fine. Yeah. We're going to go now and pick up some bits and pieces for the flights. Um, fill the water bottles up and stuff and head towards the gates. It's going to be time to board soon. I hope we can sleep. Me, too. I've got my pillow or Paul's pillow, I should say. If it's really good, I'm going to get a second one for me for when me and him both go. Well, you could borrow mine. I could, but I should probably just get one anyway. But anyway, let's go. [Music] So, I'm just popping back in at the end here to say goodbye. I was going to film an ending to this actually when we got back from Florida, but by the time we got home, I was so tired. Paul obviously very kindly picked us up from the airport and I was just exhausted. So, I didn't film at an ending. So, I thought I would do that. Now, don't forget the next weekend is the beginning of Disneyland Paris. So, if you're not already subscribed, please do subscribe. Tap the bell icon and that way you'll always be notified when a new vlog goes up. And then once those are finished, I will be going to Walt Disney World again in January for Festival of the Arts. And then Paul and I will be back in Walt Disney World, staying at Animal Kingdom Lodge again later in the year. So definitely be sure to hit that subscribe button. But huge thank you for watching. As always, don't forget your wild code is in the description, Victoria 33, for 33% off, which is the best discount that I've ever had for you guys. And definitely check out these new cases and fragrances. They're amazing. I hope you guys are all well and having a great day and I will see you in the next one. Bye. [Music]
