---
video_id: SigDiiC31xA
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Disney in Detail Sunday livestream"
published: 2025-08-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SigDiiC31xA
---
I'm just going to give it a second for everyone to arrive. And we've got enough light here. I think we're okay. Um Kefir, plan my Sunday around this. Can't wait. Hi. Let me know if you can hear me as well. Um hopefully the sound is okay. Might be a tiny bit echoey cuz I've got the door shut, but yeah, let me know if you can hear me. All right. Just going to get the comments up here so I can see you all. Hi Victoria. Hi Sophia. And hopefully the comments will kind of uh keep up. How is everyone? It has been a minute since we have done a live stream, hasn't it? Hi Sophie. Hi Desiree. Hello. Sometimes it takes a minute for the comments to to come of me to see things. I'm starting to see everybody now. Hi Harriet, Lauren Cook, Amy, hi Amy, Emma, Jen, Kora, Dina. I'll try and say hi to everybody, but if you start coming thick and fast, I might not be able to keep up. Um, your your typical fairy tale, Louise, John, Rachel, Zoe, Candace, Todd, hi Todd, Cynthia. Hi, Cynthia. Hi, Julia. Angie, yeah, it's been so long since you've done a live stream. And because I haven't got any vlogs for the next couple of weeks, I have got videos that are going up, by the way. There will be some more content. Um, hi Chris. Hi Sara, Leanne, Bonnie. So, I thought we'd do a little live stream catch up tonight. It's a bank holiday weekend here in the UK, so probably quite a few people have got tomorrow off. Hi, Kefir. So yeah, I thought it'd be nice to just have a little Disney chat because it has been a while. Shout out Stephanie, Jill and Chris, Tanya. Um Tanya is American but in London. Um how's life? Really good. Amazing but busy. Is anyone else finding that time? I know we always say this, but really really this year time is just zooming by, especially this summer. Hi, I'm Marie who's in the UK. Lucy, Shannon, Poppy. Hi. So nice to talk to all you guys. I know we used to do these live streams a lot um in 2020 and 2021. The year is going. I know it's just absolutely crazy. Um Zoe is off to Florida two weeks today. May there are so many people going in September, like around two weeks from now. Um, hi Joanne. I think it's just that kind of time of year cuz the Halloween stuff is really starting to kick in. Although, has everybody seen is basically already started. So, Disney starts Halloween early. Amy is off on the fantasy next week. Oh my goodness. Amazing. Which um sailing are you doing? Like which itinerary? I want to do another cruise so bad. Like doing the cruise was one of the best things I've ever done. Ke is going in two weeks. Um told hoping the weather cools down. It's been brutally hot. Yeah, it is honestly like this year and last year I feel like has been so hot. Was it in obviously May Paul and I were there was absolutely like the hottest May I have ever experienced. Um Dina is saying when are you going? So, I'm going in a couple of weeks time. So, I'm going to be going for all the Halloween festivities, doing the Halloween party. Um, also there's some new things. So, we've got both of the new shows in Hollywood Studios to do. There's GO82, the Spaceship Earth Lounge. Got a reservation for that. Um, Beacon Barrel, the new Pirates Tavern in Magic Kingdom. Going to be doing that as well. Um, the new Starlight Parade. All of that is going to be coming in the vlogs. And, um, I'll probably live stream some of those things as well. Um, hi Leanne who's going in 33 days. That is not long. Port Orleans Riverside. Amazing. Absolutely love that. U Thank you, John. Pumpkins on Main Street last week, but everything. I just love the Halloween decorations. Magic Kingdom with Halloween decorations is just beautiful. Um, weather is really really nice right now um at Disney and going to the Halloween party tonight. Amazing. Have a great time, Jennifer. I'll be there beginning or end of November. Um, I think it's like second kind of second week of November, Paul and I will be going back and he's going to get to experience Christmas in the parks. We'll be doing the Very Merry Christmas party. And so, yeah, really excited for that. We'll be going back to Epic Universe to do our kind of doover day where it was a bit hit and miss last time with the attractions being closed on that preview. So, we're really excited for that. Um, Poppy went in December and I was freezing. Never been cold in Florida. I'm really hoping it's cooler. It was so so cold in January this year. That's actually the coldest I've ever experienced in Orlando. Um I remember walking into Epcot one morning and my face was just frozen. Like it was honestly so cold. But I do love it cuz I can walk around all day when it's that cool. It's amazing. Um some people do love the heat and humidity. Definitely Joe. I know. Absolutely. Lisa is like that. Lisa is obsessed. She the hotter the better. She absolutely loves it. Um Nicola is going on Tuesday. Hi from Bristol. Hi Sarah. Not too far from us there. Um 18 days for Nikki solo trip. Love a solo trip. Amazing. G saying strange to see you on TV. I can actually send a message to you. It's like meeting a celebrity. Ah, it's actually really nice doing these live streams because although I love your comments on the vlogs, it's so nice to be able to chitchat. And when we were doing this in 2020, it was like three times every week um we had those live streams. And I know a lot of us, myself included, like relied on those for just getting through that weird weird time. So, it's really nice to do one of these again. Um Todd St. Todd stayed at the yacht club in July and it was fabulous. Steakhouse is incredible. Yeah, yachtsman steakhouse. That's one that I've got on the list for when Paul and I go in November because I really want him to experience that. Do they still have those? some little garlic uh bread roll things. Do they still have those cuz they're amazing. Um Shell's going 18th of November. Um do I have any plans for Disneyland Paris? Yes. It all went a little bit ary with Disneyland Paris. It was supposed to be this summer. So I was going to go in June or July. And what ended up happening when we got back from the May trip, that um month of June was the busiest month I can remember having for various reasons. So, we were looking for a place to live, which we're now in, as you can see. Um, but that was all happening. I had loads and loads of videos and things that I was doing over on Victoria in detail, and I was editing the May vlogs that Paul and I had just done. Um, so June, I literally did not have time to go anywhere. It was absolutely crazy. And then we got this place and we moved at the beginning of July. So then we were moving in here and doing all of that. So I just actually genuinely haven't had chance to go to Disneyland Paris over the summer and um now we're in August and now obviously I've got September for Disney World and November. I really wanted to do Christmas this year in um not actual Christmas but the Christmas season in Disney World and I really wanted Paul to experience that. So, Disneyland Paris, I think now is most likely going to be March. So, let me know if that's a good time to go because I'm not very um up on when is a good time to go to Disneyland Paris. Um, hi Louise from Scotland. Hello Edgar. Um, will you dare go on Stardust Races? I might do. Paul definitely won't because he does not go upside down on rides. So, he just will not do that. But, I think I could probably do I like to do everything once. So, I've done Tarot of Terror before. I have done the Hulk before. I have done all of those, but I've only ever do things that terrify me once. So, I probably will do Stardust races at least once. Um, hi Emily. Hi Laurel. Um, will I ever move to Florida? Probably not to be honest. Um, for a couple of reasons. One, well, a few reasons actually. One, it would be too hot for me the whole year. Um, I do love going to Florida, of course, but I think I would struggle with the heat all the time. Um, secondly, it's really not easy to move to the US from the UK. Um, it's actually quite difficult to do and um, I would just miss family members too much. So, I'm I'm happy happy that I get to visit so much. It's absolutely amazing. Um, love watching your vlogs. Um, I've always wanted to go but can't due to disability. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, Shannon. And I'm glad that the vlogs give you a bit of Disney magic um, when you can't be there. That's what I try to do. So, I know a lot of people for various reasons um can't go, so I try to take you guys along with me um when I go on these trips. Um they did have the rolls with the roasted garlic. Thank goodness for that, Todd. They are the best things ever. Um Kerry saying, "Which of the Allstars do you prefer?" I asked you guys this question on Instagram. I think my favorite so is between two. I think the theming is the best at allar movies. Um but I do think that Allstar Sports is probably my favorite. I've stayed there the most and I just I don't know. I really like sports for some reason. Erin has booked for next um April, so 2026 doing a day at Epic. Amazing. Yeah, we can't wait to go back. Really, really want to do the Ministry attraction and the minecart attraction. And I noticed both of those have been added to the what's it called? Universal Express. Express Pass I think it's called. um whereas before I don't think they were included. So that's really good. Um Dina can't wait for the Christmas season in November yet. I'm so excited for Paul to see Disney at Christmas, for him to see the resorts, to see the Christmas party. Um just everything. I really can't wait for that. Um Emily's asking, "Considering getting into DVC? Um do you have to go over to Walt Disney World in order to get the finance sorted out if you want a finance plan?" I don't think that you do, as I understand it, because it's a long time ago that I actually bought in. So, it was 2013, so quite some time now. You used to be able to do it from the UK like over the phone, I believe. Um, maybe these these days you kind of email people. I don't know. But, um, I don't I don't know if you want to do the finance with Disney. That's a good question. I don't know whether you need to be there in person. Um, I don't know on that one, but I'll try and find out for you because there's so many DVC um like booths around the parks. I can ask them when I go and I will let you know um in the vlogs. Um, how am I doing? Amazing. Thank you, Cla. Really, really good. Um, we're so happy in our new home here and there's just so much going on, so much exciting stuff. So, yeah, everything is great at the moment. Um, Tilly is going end of October for Halloween and Christmas. That is such a good technique to go so you just catch the end of Halloween and the beginning of Christmas. Then you kind of get all of that theming. Um I think it's hard to catch both parties though cuz I think the Christmas party doesn't begin until I don't know what the first one is. I want to say it's around the 10th or something. So it can be you have to be going long enough to like catch both. Uh Philipper is going to Disneyland Paris a week today. Amazing. Your videos have helped more than you can imagine. Thank you so much for saying that. I'm really glad that is what I do them for. And when I initially started the channel, it was really supposed to be more kind of information stuff, but I actually think over time I've been able to do both. So vlogs and giving information. I hope that's what I always try to do. Um Heather is going for a dream stay at the Contemporary. Amazing. My dream is a contemporary in the tower. Um a resort a park view, theme park view. I would love to do that. Uh Sarah is saying, "My son William wanted to say hello." Hi, William. Um Amy saying, "Minecart madness wrecked my back in April. It's rough." Oh my goodness. Okay, I'll brace myself for that. If I know that ahead of time, I can kind of like exactly that like brace ready for it. I find that from Space Mountain. That's why I don't ride Space Mountain. It like shakes my back around and I end up like feeling terrible for the rest of the day. Um, Kefir is saying they're doing Epic and have bought an express pass to make sure we get the most out of it. I'm wondering if we should do that, especially because they gave us the complimentary ticket to come back. I'm wondering whether Paul and I should do the express passes so that we can make sure we get to everything because obviously that didn't go according to plan last time. It was still great though because a lot of the rides were down. We did still get to see everything. That's what I really wanted to do in the vlog was just actually take you around the whole park. It's actually not massive. It's not a huge huge park to walk around. So, we were fairly easily able to do that. Um, am I doing Halloween Horror Nights? I'm actually not. Um, I had it booked last year if you guys remember, and then Storm Hela, I think it was, happened the night that I was supposed to be going. The reason I'm not this time, my travel buddy who's coming with me definitely doesn't want to do it. and I think Paul would really like it. So, my intention next year is to go and I think Paul will actually really really enjoy going. I'll still be terrified regardless, but it'll be good to have him there, but he'll absolutely love Halloween Horror Nights. So, yeah, we're going to save that and uh my first ever time doing it. It'll be good to do that with Paul, I think. But he'll he'll love it, I think. Um Samantha saying, "Going to Disneyland Paris end of September. Will I be underwhelmed after Disney World?" Do you know what? You have to just separate them, I think, and see them completely differently. They are very different. So, when I did I'm trying to think back to my first Disney Paris when I went with Becky and it was so cold. Um, which didn't help anything, but it's just a different experience to Disney World. Um, you wouldn't normally go for as long, so that's one thing. I feel like in Orlando there's so many other things. So, it's not just Disney. You've got Universal, you've got Bush Gardens, you've got Kennedy Space Center, your outlet shopping, like so many different things. I feel like Disneyland Paris, you're going really just for that and you probably do maybe like three three four days or something. So, it is very, very different. Um, but it's such a beautiful park. The Disneyland park and the castle and everything in Paris is just amazing. Uh, Todd is asking, "Ho or boat house, which should be the priority?" Oh, that you Todd, you knew that was going to be a really difficult question to answer. Um, okay. The comparison in my head is between Ho at any time of the day and Boat House brunch. If it was just between Boat House Dinner or Helo Dinner, then it would be Helo definitely. But Helo or Boat House brunch, I don't know cuz Boat House brunch is amazing. I'd probably still have to say Helo, but only just. But I absolutely do love Hello so much. Amy saying it's 100% rougher than Space Mountain. You've been warned. Oh my gosh. Really? Oh no. I'm really excited for that one though. The the minecart. That is pretty much the one I've been the most excited. Well, the Ministry probably the most. Um Louisa is saying, "I've been watching since 2019." Hi Louisa. Thank you so much for watching. Um what lipstick do I have on? Brooke is asking. So, this is the what is it called? L'Oreal Matte Infallible Matte Liquid Lipstick. This shade is one that you can only get in the States, I believe, and it is called Road Tripping. Yeah, Road Tripping. That's it. I'm planning on getting another one because this is my absolute like everyday. I wear this lipstick constantly. Uh Kefir is staying at Stellanova for a week. Um Stellanova was so good for Epic. It is literally right there. You can just walk across. Theming wise, it wasn't my favorite. I think I slightly prefer Endless Summer over um Stellanova just overall. But it was really really good and so close to to epic. Uh there were eight Christmas parties um during the 14 nights that we're there. Yeah, there are so many now. Um do people get caught out by having to leave at 6:00 if they only have single day tickets? Yeah, it's definitely something that you need to plan for if you are not going to the parties. Having said that though, generally speaking, the party days are so quiet. So, if there's a party in the night, the daytime is so quiet. And when we were there last year, whenever it was a party day, you would go at like 10:00 in the morning, 11:00, midday, you're in the Magic Kingdom, and the wait times are so low. So, I think somebody who did only have a one-day ticket would be able to get a lot done um before people start showing up at like 4:00 onwards in the afternoon. So, it's it is a shorter day and you I'm yeah, you won't get the starlight parade, you won't get the fireworks. So, I wouldn't want to do my one day as as a party day definitely, but you actually can get quite a lot done. So, it is good in that respect. If you could walk around any Disney ride alone after closing, which would it be Haunted Mansion? 100%. I would love to be able to walk around. And I believe in Disneyland, unless I'm mistaken, they had a really special event where they had some kind of dinner in the Haunted Mansion. I'm sure I haven't invented that in my head. I'm sure that actually happened over in California. Let me know if anybody remembers that or if I'm completely inventing that. Um, so Tilly, we're not going for Christmas, but we are going for the Christmas season. So, we're going to be covering all the decorations in the park, at the resorts. Um, doing the party and everything. Um, staying at Port from the 11th of September. Um, when are we doing the party? I'm trying to think what date we are doing the party. I can't remember off the top of my head. Beacon Barrel we're doing right at the end of our trip. So, I believe I want to say the 16th I think that we're doing that. Um, at some of the resorts you can get the express included. Does that include Epic? That's a really good question, Carrie. I know that at um Portoino Bay, Royal Pacific, and Hard Rock you get the express passes included if you're staying there. I assume that would um include Epic, but I wouldn't want to say 100%, but I I think it probably would. Um, do you still have the wisdom plush of Jimny Cricket? Yes, I do, Philipper. I still have that. Um, fully grown woman cried from fear at Halloween Horror Nights. I think I got too into it. I'm going to be terrified. I just know I'm going to be absolutely terrified. It's going to be bad enough just walking around, but going in the houses, I would just be I don't know, just too too scared. I'm dreading it to be honest, but I know that Paul will love it. If I have time for one dinner at Disney Springs, which one would you recommend? My favorites are HO, as we just said. Um, for dinner, probably Ho, Raglin Road, and Homecoming are my favorites, I think, for dinner. Which one would I do if I could only do one? Ho, I think probably. I really like the food there. Such good food. Sorry, I'm just catching up in your comments here. Um, Poppy's saying, "I've done Halloween and Christmas. Can't decide when to go back. Help me choose. I love both." Yeah, a lot of people have asked me, do I prefer Christmas or Halloween as in the parties? Um, it's so hard to say. I think overall I prefer the Halloween party as a whole. Um, just in terms of I love the Sanderson Sisters stage show. I think that is such a great show. I absolutely love it. The show at the Christmas party I don't care for at all. I think it's really bizarre quite honestly. Um I think it's something to do with I don't know about texting Santa on the phone or like Snapchat or something. I don't know. I just I just find that whole show just totally bizarre. The parades are great on both and the fireworks are great on both. It's really difficult and and obviously the Christmas magic is so good, but I think probably Halloween just pips it to the post in terms of the parties for me. Uh, will you be going on test track this trip? Yes, absolutely, Duncan. Definitely we will be. Um, can't wait to go on that. I've seen a few little clips of it and it does look pretty similar, but not. So, I'll be interested. I'll be really interested to see um how it's changed, what they've done. Oh, so it's only for Universal Studios and Islands, Maple Tree is saying. So, whoever was asking that, sorry, I've forgotten already. Um, it looks like the express pass is not included for Epic with the hotel stays by the sounds of things. Um, Helios doesn't give express passes, which surprised me. Oh, really? Doesn't it? That is actually very surprising. I would have thought if you were staying at Helios, you would get the express passes for Epic. like that would completely make sense as to why you would want to book there. So, I think they probably will do soon. It's it's still very new. So, that kind of makes sense. Uh, Starlight Parade is permanent. Yes, I believe so. And they don't tend to bring things. They do tend to change things more regularly these days. So, when you think about how long Wishes was running for, then we had um obviously Happily Ever After, then that kind of went away. We had something else. Then we got Happily Ever After back, whereas Wishes ran for goodness knows how long. Same for Illuminations at um Epcot. That went for years. So, they do change things up a little bit more, but we haven't had a nighttime parade for so long. I think Starlight will stay for for quite a while, probably. I hope so. It looks amazing. I'm just glad they've got a nighttime parade back to be honest. Um let's have a look here. Sorry, just catching up. Have you ever been to Flying Fish? No, I haven't. Actually, I'm not a big fish fan. Obviously, they do other things as well as fish, but Paul absolutely loves fish, so that might be the time to do it when I'm there with him, cuz he would probably love that. Uh Peter's saying, "Have you been in February? If so, what is the weather like?" Um, weather is, in my opinion, is great in January and February because it's so much cooler. January can actually be quite cold at times. So, if you don't like that, um maybe February or March would be better. But always watch out for spring break because when spring break especially starts up, that makes the parks really busy. Um but February is very good. Just avoid the Run Disney events. You can always go on to the Run Disney website and just double check you're not booking um right on when it's a race weekend cuz that makes things a little busy. But yeah, February weather is really nice. very very like mild, very very sort of um warm but not hot if that makes sense. Um is it true they're getting rid of early morning entry for Disney hotels only from January? Oh, I don't know. I haven't heard that. I hope not. They already got rid of the uh extra magic hours. So, I hope they're not getting rid of that. But it wouldn't surprise me. I mean, the Magical Express. On that note, sorry I just said Magical Express because I've been going through all my stuff that was in storage. Um, I found this the other day, which I haven't seen for so long. This is my wash bag. Look at this. I just can't even. This is so cute. I found it among my stuff. I totally forgot that I had this. Um, they used to do um I think a Montreal and they had this Magical Express bus. So, I'm gonna use this to put all my toiletries in for this upcoming trip. This was from um Disney Springs so many years ago now. I want to say I got this in maybe like 2013 or something like that. Absolutely love that. Um how does Mia Connect work for return back to the airport on the last day? So, they'll send you a text and an email and let you know your pickup time. It's usually I think they actually send you that the day before as a reminder. It's normally about 4 hours before and um they will pick you up from there. There's always like one place that they pick you up from so you can just ask where that is and um then you have to go back home which is really really sad and upsetting. Um but yeah, they do it's a good service. It does get you there pretty quick especially going back. Um I find that it's it's pretty speedy to get you there. Uh, best doughnut recommendation from Voodoo Donuts. Um, I really like the orange creamsicle. And um, whatever that one was I had last time, the maple, if you go back and watch my vlog, the last day or no, the day we did Universal Studios that day. Um, we went to Voodoo Donut and whatever that maple thing was was incredible that I had I just can't remember the name of it now. It had like a mustache like a little guy like the Pringle guy on there. I miss Illuminations. Me too, Amy. I loved Illuminations. Um, any plans for another Disney cruise? Duncan's asking, "Yes, I would love to do another Disney cruise." Paul is terrified of cruises. Um, he's just seen too many Tik Toks of horrible like scary cruise disasters and tables like flying across the room and stuff. So, he's a little bit nervous, but I do want to do a cruise and I think he would absolutely love it and totally change his mind about it, but he is a bit nervous. So, probably next year we're going to try and do that. I would love to do it again. It's one of the best things. I can't believe I went so many years without doing one. It's so good. Amazing. Yeah, that wash bag is pretty incredible. Especially now, I feel like this is a a kind of um antique thing that you can probably I don't know, maybe you could get one on eBay. I don't know if anyone's got one they're selling, but I'm definitely never going to get rid of this now. I just wish they would bring the Magical Express back to be honest. Um DFB guy posted a video about the hotel guest um either Friday or yesterday. Oh no. I mean they're normally pretty up there with their news. So I maybe it is true. That would be a real shame. I know they have the extra hours for deluxe resort guests, but the extra hours like the extra magic hours always used to be for everybody. I do feel like they're just getting rid of all the the perks. It's um it's sad really. You want to have some perks obviously. Um do you want to visit Disneyland during the 70th anniversary celebration? I would love to. It looks absolutely amazing and I do want to go back to California. Um but we do really want to do Tokyo and I've been to California more recently than I've done Tokyo. And because my brother lives in South Korea, it would be good to do a trip to visit him and then go across to Tokyo because it's only like a 2-hour plane ride. So, I think I'll probably do Tokyo again before I do California again. But definitely, I want to go back because we just didn't have enough time in the parks because I went for D23, which was incredible. Um, but it meant that we didn't have as much time in the parks. Um, thank you, Gina. Yes, we are loving it here. Absolutely amazing. I mean, we're starting to get everything up together now. We had to buy a lot of new stuff for the new place and we're just getting all our decor kind of stuff done now as well. If you had to choose one cookie from Gideonss, which one would it be? Um, my favorite is the what is it called? The pistachio. The toffee pistachio. That one is the absolutely best in my opinion. I absolutely love it. Um, instead of early entry at Disneyland, they're doing a new Lightning Lane perk. Oh, okay. That's interesting. I'll be I'll do some research into that to see what that is. Uh, the perk is one lightning lane for normal rides per person per stay. Oh, okay. So, instead of early entry, you can get a Lightning Lane. Do you have to like pre-book it or I mean, either way, realistically, in half an hour, you could probably get one attraction done. So, if they're going to give you a Lightning Lane, I I kind of get that. I think that's at least, you know, that's something. They're not just getting rid of it and not giving anything. Um, but for Disney World, if they did the same thing, I'd rather have the half an hour personally, but um, yeah, I don't know. I think people would have different I just wish wish they would go back to three fastpasses for everybody, start calling them fastpasses again. back in the day where if you had a park ticket, you could book your three. That was so good. And you just knew that you could do at least those three attractions. So, I wish they would bring that back. That would be so good. Um Elaine, yes, I'll be going back to Disneyland Paris. I mentioned that earlier in the stream. Um but it'll be next year. I was supposed to go this summer, but things just went crazy in terms of being busy and moving into this new place. So, it's going to have to be next year, probably in March, hopefully. Um, I think anything exciting will be announced at D23 this year. I don't know. Sometimes they do have like a sneaky something that we don't know about. I think a lot of things though that are coming up have been announced. So, the whole new area in Animal Kingdom, then the whole Beyond Big Thunder Mountain and all the big stuff, um, Piston Peak that's going in the Magic Kingdom. So, I don't know. I'm not sure if they're going to have anything else massive, but you never know. Never know what they might have up their sleeve. Uh, the early park hours is just for Disneyland. Nothing's been said about Disney World. Oh, okay. So, sorry. I thought someone said that that was maybe happening at Disney World, the half an hour. Okay. Right. Okay. It's Disneyland. I mean, maybe they'll um do it for both. I don't know. But um sorry I'm just reading these comments. It's hard for me to read them all. Um when will you be telling us who you're traveling with the next trip? Probably when I arrive and meet them at the airport. So I won't wait until the vlogs, but I'll probably um let you know on Instagram. Uh does anyone else still just say Fastpass? Anyway, I do that all the time. I barely refer to it as Genie or Lightning Lane. I still call it Fastpass. And I was talking to someone the other day. I remember when Hollywood Studios, there was no Toy Story Land. There was no Galaxy's Edge. Um, Toy Story Mania had just been built and it was only one. They only had like the one track on the one side. And I remember when you used to get in during park opening and everyone would just run to get a Fastpass out the machine, like a paper fastpass. I remember doing that. It was just madness. Um, are you excited for Universal UK? I'm really interested to see what it's going to be like. I have heard that they don't have the license in the UK for the Harry Potter stuff. So, these days it's weird for me to imagine Universal without Harry Potter, although it used to be like that. When I go now, I just love the Harry Potter stuff so much. So, be really interesting to see what they do have. Peter's asking, "Would you ever do Alani?" Yes, I definitely would. I would love to do that. Um, do you think they would ever open a fifth park at Disney World? Eventually, I think they will. Um, but I think it will be a while. Um, when you think about I started going in 2002 and I think the newest park at that point was probably Islands of Adventure cuz Animal Kingdom was 1998. So, I think it was probably Islands Adventure was the newest. and Epic that we've just got is the first big new, you know, whole new park that we've had in Universal in Disney in 23 years. So, I don't think it will happen quickly, but I think they will have a fifth one. They've definitely got the space for it. Um, Heather is saying, "Do you think they'll ever Oh, sorry, that was the one I just read." Um, hoping for a new nighttime show at Animal Kingdom. The lake has sat idle for years now. Yeah, they definitely need something um in that space because it's such a huge space and they've got all that seating around the edge. I really loved Rivers of Light. Um the music I thought was great. I really enjoyed it. Obviously, they can't have fireworks or anything that would be alarming to the animals. Um but there's definitely stuff that they could do there and I'm really surprised that they haven't, especially with now a lot of the park um the Dino Land area is kind of closed. I would have thought that they would think about doing something maybe to bring people into that park for the evening, but they're closing so early. When I was there in May, um they were closing at like 6:00 p.m. So, um you couldn't even see Pandora in the dark. So, at the moment, I think they're just not seeing that park at all as like a nighttime park. But hopefully at some point, um it will do. Um new new Zootopia show starts in November. Yes, we will actually be there for opening day of that show. Um, which is really cool. So, I'm looking forward to that. Um, yeah, loved Rivers. Me, too. It's so good. Uh, Bev has got tickets for Mickey's very merry Christmas party. Are there any mustd do things that you'd recommend? The main things at the Christmas party is the parade and the fireworks. I would always do the second parade if you can because a lot of people will have left. So you have one parade, then you have the fireworks and some people will leave then and it clears out quite a bit and then you have the second parade. So I would always do fireworks and second parade. Definitely make sure you do that. Um, and in the early part of the evening, I would prioritize doing any character meet and greets that you want to do. If there's one that you really, really want to do, they do get quite long lines. So, last time I did the Halloween party, I queued to meet the Winnie the Pooh characters, and I queued up before the party started. I think I queued at like six. Um, and then as soon as the party kind of began at 7, it was quite quick then, um, that I got to actually meet the characters. So, character meet and greets I would do earlier in the day. Um, Ke's got the chance for Mickey's Halloween party this year. Should we do it? Um, we're not doing Disney this year. It's actually a really good um way to get a little bit of Disney without buying a main park ticket. I believe you can get in from 400 p.m. So, the party starts at 7. So, actually, if you think about it, you do get quite a decent amount of time in the park. So, it can be a good way to get a bit of park time and do the party. The tickets aren't cheap, but they are cheaper than the Christmas party. The Christmas party tickets are so expensive. I was a bit shocked actually when I was looking this year. I was like, "Wow, that's crazy." On that note, I found this talking about looking through and finding old stuff. This is more of a non-D Disney offsite thing. I found a menu from Tony Rom. I know what year this is from. What I thought I would do is tell you guys a couple of the prices and you can tell me what year you think this menu is from. cuz I found it among my old stuff and I was like, "Wow, this is crazy." So, let me just tell you here and you tell me what year you think this was just cuz everything has gone up in price to a scary degree. So, let me just pick out something. So, we've got a a 9 oz sirloin steak is $1549. And we've got a burger. A blue cheeseburger is $7.99. So tell me what year you think this is from cuz I do know. I do remember when I got this. And let's see what else is on. Oh my god, this is so crazy looking at the prices. Yeah, I do. I remember picking this up. Okay, we got some guesses. Um Joe went to Tony Romans for my 20th. That was 28 years ago. I loved Tony Rovers. It was one of my favorite um international drive places to go. Um Bonnie saying, "I heard there isn't going to be a Disney experiences panel at D23." Yeah, I heard that as well, actually. So maybe they just kind of haven't got as much stuff, so they're not doing a whole to announce. So they're not doing a whole planner planner panel. God, I can't get my words out. Um so we got Let's see some of these guesses. 2005, 2004, 2007, 2010, 2008, 1998, 2005. Um, late '9s to early 2000s, 2011, 2003, 2000. Um, I love Tony Romas and Ponderosa on ID Drive when I visited in the '9s. Yeah, Tony Rom um was definitely one of my favorite places. Used to go to Chili's quite a lot. They used to do endless ribs as well. Not that I eat ribs, but that was a big thing that Tony Romans did. Johnny Rockets. Yes, that my first two trips I went to Johnny Rockets loads of times and used to go to the cinema there as well. The onion loaf. I know the onion loaf was it's a bit like a blooming onion, but it was just I loved it. It was amazing. I just let everybody else guess and then I'll tell you what year it was. Um, have I done the Keys to the Kingdom tour? The Dun family is asking. Yes, I have. I did it a long time ago, so it would have been 2013, I want to say. So, it was quite a long time ago. Um, absolutely loved it, though. I don't I would imagine it's changed a tiny bit, but not too much. And it was so worth it. Really great. We got to go um backstage behind the um like Haunted Mansion. We got to go down to the util doors. I don't know if they still let you do that, but that was really great. Um Johnny Rockets is on my Royal Caribbean cruise. Is it? Oh, that's amazing. Is there still one at inter like on International Drive at Point Orlando? Is that still there? And does anyone remember the Fyo Schwarz store? Like the massive It had like a big ragd doll outside and a giant Barbie shoe. Um I used to stay in the Rosen Plaza that was opposite. Gosh, that is such a long time ago. That's crazy. Um was I able to go to Wet N Wild Water Park on International Drive back in the day? Yes, I did. I remember Wet N Wild. Um, so let me tell you about this. Somebody did get it right, but I think it was only one person got it dead on. I know a couple of people got it dead on. 2008 is the year of this menu. I could not believe I still had it. I was just looking among my things and I was like, "Wow, that is definitely an old one. $7.99 for your burger. That'd be good, wouldn't it, if it was still that much." So, yeah, I found that. And I also had one of my favorite photos that I've taken at Disney. I showed this in my vlog over on Victoria in Detail. I've had this one made into a print. So, this is an unfiltered photo that I took at Saratoga Springs last year. Such good lighting that day. I'm not amazing photographer, but it just happened to uh um come in. Amy buzzing. I got that bag on. I I knew you'd be so happy, Amy. When I saw you said 2008, I was like, "Yep, you got it. Got it right." Um, do you prefer Denny's or IHOP? I prefer IHOP, but they're both I I do like both for breakfast especially. Um, so yeah, 2008 and I remember 2004 or was it five? I went to Chili's a lot like I saying that year. And where was the other place I used to go that's now gone? Does anyone remember Race Rock? I used to go there. That was really close to Point Orlando. And which was the other one? There was one other place I used to go to loads. Tony Romans definitely was one of them. Seems like forever ago when I think about going to those places and staying on International Drive. Um, yeah, that seems like so long ago now. Crazy. Um, Jose is saying, "If you could name a new Disney ship, what would you name it?" Oh, that's a I'm going to have to think about that one. That is a good question. Hm. Give me a minute to think on that. Uh, we did Keys to the Kingdom last September. April is saying, um, yes, you do still go down to the utilsors. That's cool. I love doing that. And I just thought it was really nice. Like, it was a very good tour. It wasn't too long, but it wasn't short either. You felt like it was worth the money. And there is another one, isn't there? What's the other one called that's shorter? Oh, it's gone out of my head. There is another one that I was meaning to do. Then COVID happened. Uh, Magic Kingdom, Marceline to Magic Kingdom. I think that's it. I think that's what it's called. Um, I don't know if they're still doing that actually, that tour. Maybe I should look into it. I know they stopped all of them over co and the other one I did which I really loved was the World Showcase tour. And you start that earlier in the morning before World Show showcases open. So, we saw the Mexico pavilion completely empty. Um, and several of the others as well. I loved doing that tour. That was really good. And there was only three of us on the tour, so it was almost like a private tour. Um, I remember the Gladiators dinner show in the on the 192. Yeah, dinner shows were such a big thing, weren't they? The um what was the other one called? The What was it called? The other dinner show that it I'm trying to think how to describe it. It was like um it had like nights and like jousting and stuff. I don't know. I'm totally like trying to remember back to the early 2000s now. Is that the one you mean? Maybe that's the one you're talking about as well. I definitely remember that was a really popular thing for people who were going to Florida at that uh point in time. I was thinking the other day though about the parks when I first started going and like like I was saying with Hollywood Studios there at first there was no Toy Story even and no like I say no Galaxy's Edge and I kind of think to myself like it must have been shorter like shorter days in the parks cuz it wouldn't have taken you very long to to do everything in that park. Magic Kingdom would have still probably been mostly the same but yeah it's changed a lot. or Philip has suggested Disney Discovery. That would be good actually for a new cruise ship. Um, have I done the fireworks cruise? No, I haven't. I do know quite a few people who have done them because you've got the Magic Kingdom ones. Then you've got ones that you can do for the Epcot fireworks like under the bridge there. Loads of people have said they really enjoyed them and they've been really worthwhile. At one point, again, unless I'm I've completely invented this, they used to do a a fireworks cruise on the big um feries that take you to and fro from the parking lot. Have I just invented that? I'm sure at one point that was a thing. Sometimes I wonder whether I've just imagined something, but I'm sure that was a thing at some point. Um, can you book a stay at Saratoga Springs without using vacation club? Yes, you can. You can stay there um just paying out of pocket. if it's available when you do a search it should come up. It's kind of um a little bit more expensive than the cheapest deluxe. So, usually the cheapest deluxe is Animal Kingdom normally and then Wilderness Lodge is kind of around there. Then you have like Saratoga Springs and Old Key West. So, price-wise it's that's kind of where it sits usually. Took my daughter when it was MGM. Yeah, I remember it being I still call it MGM sometimes. That does sometimes um just come out of my mouth still. MGM. Um do you feel the UK pavilion in the World Showcase is under represented in vlogs? It probably is a little bit actually. Um I was thinking about this the other day when I was planning my dining reservations and I've just done a podcast for Patreon actually talking about how I decide on what dining reservations to do. And um I talk about this a little bit in in that podcast, but with the I feel like the restaurant in the Rosen Crown, they literally have now three entre on the menu. That's it. I think it's fish and chips, shepherd's pie, and there's one other thing. So when I've looked at it, cuz I try and do all the different restaurants in the vlogs, and I try and kind of mix it up and do new ones if and some old favorites, but I do try and do them. But when I looked at the menu, I was like, I literally just wouldn't want to eat any of that. And there's so think there's one on one appetizer, which is a scotch egg, three options, and like two desserts. That is it on the menu. And it's not like one of those set things. It's that's just the whole menu. So, I think that's a bit weird. I feel like they could definitely do more with the restaurant. I know they probably have done that because those are the most popular items, but I don't know. I just don't even like the menu there. So, that's why I haven't covered that. And I do think that they could do something. The gardens that are kind of out the back. So, when you go through the gap where the shops are, there's like that big bit of garden area. Um, I feel like that's quite large there. And I think what they should do is open a tea room. They need to open like a traditional English tea room where you can get an afternoon tea. um your scone or scone and jam and that whole thing. Like they should totally do that. That's so British. I feel like they could, you know, do something with that and that would be another option of somewhere to eat there because like I say, the Rosen Crown restaurant, I just I haven't even gone because it's just so um limited on the menu and I just wouldn't like it. So, I do think they could do a little bit more. It's quite a big area um that pavilion. So, they definitely need something. Obviously, there was going to be some sort of walkthrough attraction, the Cherry Tree Lane attraction they announced just before COVID and then it's never been heard of again. I think when CO hit, so many things just kind of disappeared off the agenda and have never resurfaced. So, I don't know whether that will ever come back on uh the agenda. Melanie saying, "Love biscuit brew." Oh, me too. It's amazing. This is actually iced coffee. I've been obsessed with iced coffee recently. This is the new um Nest Cafe concentrate, the espresso concentrate with caramel. Honestly, it's amazing. I drink so much of it. Three entre. Yeah, I know. It's I think it's it used to be at least five. Um but now I think it is just three. And they maybe have something vegan as well, but it's it's just such a tiny menu. They've just been gradually like chipping away and that's all there is now. Uh we said afternoon tea would be great especially um with the love music area. They definitely should do uh like a afternoon tea. That'd be so good. Yeah, the the tea at Grand Fian is used to be in that lounge. Um the sort of the little garden room that's at the end there. Um but it's never open. I assume they've just got rid of that now. Um so that was a shame as well. Um what happened to the drone show at Disney Springs? Was that a one time only? Yeah, that that just um disappear. Yeah, live music. Sorry. Yeah, I knew that was what you meant where they have the band. Um yeah, the drone show. It kind of happened and I thought it was something that was going to be regular, but it's just kind of lowkey disappeared. And I don't know, maybe it was only supposed to be temporary, but a lot of the other resorts throughout the world, I know Hong Kong have got a drone show now, Disneyland Paris does. And um that would have been so good at Disney Springs over the the water there. So I don't know, maybe it didn't end up being any good or they found it difficult to actually produce the show each time. I don't know. I never really heard anything about it. It just kind of didn't happen again. Um is there anything special going on in Disney during June? So June you would, I think, still have Flower and Garden Festival if I'm correct because Flower and Garden Festival does go quite long. So I think you'd have that in Epcot. There are less I would say slightly less things in the summer in the way of like special events. So as you get into the fall and winter, you of course have Halloween and then Christmas. Um the the beginning of the year can be somewhat like that as well. Festival of the Arts though is amazing in Epcot. But yeah, I think you still have um Flower and Garden Festival at least for some of the month. Oh, it was a summer offering never meant to be permanent. There we go. I actually didn't know. I did see it and it looked really good, but it's a shame cuz that would be quite good. It'd be so good to have a drone show in one of the parks though. I wish they would do that because it looks amazing at Disneyland Paris. Um the drone shows that they have there. I really wish they would have something like that at Disney World. would be good. Right, how long have we been going? We've been going nearly an hour. Oh my gosh. If anybody does have any questions, by the way, please do ask them. Um, and also just let me know because it's really rapidly approaching when I'm doing this trip. Is there anything specific that you want to see in the vlogs? So, in terms of new things, like I say, we're going to Beacon Barrel, we're going to Gio 82, we're going to the Cake Bake restaurant on the boardwalk. We'll be doing both the new shows in Hollywood Studios. Um, Test Track we're going to be doing. Um, but let me know if there's anything specific, any resorts that you'd really like us to see because we will be going and doing a bit of resort hopping. So, is there any that you want us to show? Any snacks? Please do let me know because I do always want to cover what you guys want to see. So, let me know and I can write those down. And yeah, it's I'm just so excited. I cannot wait for um this trip, but also going during the Christmas season with Paul. Paul absolutely loved going to Disney and doing the parks. He will be on a future live stream with me. He couldn't do this one, but he will um do a live stream next time. He just he just loved it. Absolutely loved everything. So, can't wait to go back. Um I wish I could drink coffee this late. I wouldn't sleep. It doesn't affect me in the slightest. I could drink coffee 10 minutes before going to bed and it just doesn't keep me awake. But it makes me feel awake in the morning. It's clearly a placebo situation, but oh well. I don't mind if it's placebo. I'm happy. I'm expecting to need a third case to come home. Should I book it now or wait and see if I need it? I would probably wait and see if you need it. Um I always in the past when I've needed an extra suitcase, I've gone to Walmart and bought one of those fold up. It's like a massive hold with wheels on it, but it folds down just to a little square. Um, but when it's folded out, it's pretty much the size of a suitcase. And then you can just add it on. But add it on before you go to the airport cuz it can be more expensive in the moment when you get there. But if you go online, you can add an extra one if you need to. Uh, what's it like for allergies at Disney resorts and restaurants? Orlando restaurants. Disney is amazing with anything like that. any allergies or dietary requirements, they're very, very good with that. They're very careful as well. So, if you do have severe allergies, the chef will always come out and discuss those with you. So, Disney's great for stuff like that. Excuse me, I just I didn't realize at the bottom and I just made a straw slurping noise. That's gross. Have you seen the cookies and cream beignes? Yes, the Haunted Mansion Beignetes. I think we're going to have to get those. uh the new shows at Hollywood Studios. There is the new villains show and there's also the new Little Mermaid show. So, we're going to do both of those. I don't know whether or not I'll be able to film them though. Some you can, some you can't. So, we'll definitely do them though and let you know what they're like. Tanya is saying, "Can I send you a Target Publix shopping list?" Yeah, I mean there's always so many things that I need to buy as well um when I'm in the in the States. I've got a list on the go already. Um, are we going to the Halloween party? Yes, we are. Um, Janette will be doing that. Can't wait to do that. I love the Halloween parade so much. And, um, it's just always such a highlight for me, the Headless Horseman. And on the one thing I do want to see this year though, just going forward to the next trip when we do the Christmas party. Last time I did the Christmas party, the toy soldiers weren't in it. I don't know why. I tried to get to the the bottom of it and I couldn't, but the toy soldiers are my favorite part and they just weren't in the parade. So, this year I'm really hoping I don't miss out on that. Um, can I do a shopping vlog um like Walmart or other shops we don't have for seasonal merch? Yes, I will do that when we go because we always go to a supermarket at least once. I will do a video on that and show you all the Halloween stuff because in the States, you guys, whoever's watching from the States, you have so much better Halloween stuff. In the UK, it's getting we get a lot more Halloween stuff than we ever used to, but it's still nothing like what you guys get in the States. So, it's always fascinating to um see that. Uh Kefir is saying, "How is Universal with a sunflower lanyard?" I don't know actually, but if anybody else who's um on the live stream, if anybody else knows um then hopefully they could let you know because I honestly haven't got any experience with that. I would imagine they're good with those sorts of things, but I I don't know honestly is the answer. So, if anybody else knows and if they have one, they can perhaps let you know um what they're like. Uh would I ever do Halloween Horror Nights? Yes, I'm going to get um Paul to do that with me next year. Um because this year when we go in November, Halloween Horror Nights will have finished. Um, but I think Paul will absolutely love it and I'll be terrified whenever I do it. I need to eventually do it. So, I thought it'd be best for me and him to do that together. Um, but yeah, it will be scary. Definitely scary. Um, I wonder if Tally the Elf will be back at the Christmas party this year. Why do I not know who that is? Is that in the show? cuz I didn't do the Christmas party last year. So that might be something that I've missed because yeah, I wasn't in the No, I didn't do last year in the Christmas season. So maybe that was something from last year. Um I think the cost of the Esther is increasing next year. Oh, it might be. I think it's gone up slightly over the years. Um not by much, but a little bit. I can't remember. I just redid mine actually and I can't remember what it was. Um, Tally was in the parade went mega viral on Tik Tok. Oh, okay. Was that last year? Because I I would have totally maybe missed that because I didn't do the Christmas season. I don't remember that from the one before. So, I don't know. Maybe it was just a new thing next last year, but hopefully we'll get to see it this year if they're back again. Anything that went viral on Tik Tok, I reckon they'll probably bring back. Um, if Disney would add another country to the World Showcase, which country should be added? This is always a tough one. There's so many that I think would be good. There's so many that would be good. I'd really love to see Spain. I think that would be good. And I think Australia would be good, too. Let me know. What do you guys think? Where would you add? I think those I I would love to see Spain. I think that would be good. And I do feel like they probably have got space for another one where it goes from um the China pavilion, then you've got the bridge, then you kind of have the the section there before it gets to Germany. Um I do believe there was supposed to be a whole proper pavilion there. I don't know what happened or why there isn't. Egypt. Yep. There's I mean there's so many that would be would be really good, but they definitely got space there to add another one. Okay. It was 2024, so that's why I have no idea who that was cuz I missed that one. Yeah, $21. That sounds right. Yeah, it has gone up a little bit for the Esther. Um hopefully it doesn't end up going up and up and up because if you got like a whole family who everybody needs one, then it gets quite expensive. South Korea, yeah, that would be good. Egypt. Yeah, I do I do think either of those would be really good. And I have been to both of those, so it' be good to see what their take on it would be. So, I'm just reading the extra comments coming up. I feel like somebody outside my window is doing some kind of DIY. And it's actually dark. That's a weird thing to be doing at this kind of night. Time of night. Essa, due to double next year due to the World Cup. Oh my gosh. Is it? That's crazy because it's two years, isn't it? Last four. So, I've just done mine now. Did you ever try the curry chicken pockets in the joy of tea pavilion in China? They were amazing, but they took them away. No, I never tried those. That pavil that little um joy of tea stand. They have some pretty good stuff there actually. It's easily overlooked. And I think that's there year round, isn't it? It's not just a um festival thing. So, yeah, that is quite good. And I'm trying to think what other restaurants we've got. Let me just remind myself because I have got my plan here. Trying to think which other ones we're doing just so I can let you know what's to come. So obviously Gio82 I've let you know about that. We are doing Crystal Palace. This time we're doing dinner though. Um oh did I do that? Did I do dinner? I've done breakfast and dinner there at various different times. Um we're going to go to Three Bridges and actually um eat in the restaurant there because I've never done that. I've been for a drink there. And homecoming. I have got a homecoming reservation and that's a really difficult one to get. I always find. I don't know if anyone else finds that, but homecoming is really difficult to actually get. Oh, and also I wanted to let you guys know the cake bake restaurant, you know, the new one on the boardwalk, that's really difficult to get a reservation, but they also do reservations on Open Table. So, if you want to eat there and you haven't been able to get one, try Open Table because that's what I did and managed to get a reservation. So, that's worth knowing. And a lot of the Disney Springs restaurants actually do use Open Table as well. Um, unfortunately, not Homecoming. So, Homecoming just seems to be difficult to get for whatever reason. It's just really hard to get a reservation there. Um, Amy's only ever managed to get it once. Yeah, it's really, really difficult. And I've managed to get it this time. And I haven't I don't think I've shown that in the vlogs for quite a long time. So, that's good. Um, have I done Guys a Point? Yes, I have. Um, when did I do that? May last year. So, May 2024. If you go back to those vlogs, um, we did go there. It was me and Kate. Yeah, I think it was me and Kate went there in Wilderness Lodge. But I'm going to wrap this up pretty soon, I think, cuz we've been going for an hour now. So, any last little things you guys wanted to get in, please do. Um, Dina is going to Boston in two weeks. Amazing. um doing your dining reservations while you're there. That's always like really stressful when you're on on some sort of trip or you're somewhere where you've got an appointment or something and then your dining reservation window is opening cuz some of them you really do have to be there at the 60-day point. Um it was like Beacon Barrel the other night. It was at midnight that it opened um in the UK and I was like falling asleep and then I woke back up again and it put me into like a waiting room and I think it got to about 20 12 and I was thinking oh they're all going to have gone but I managed to snag one but yeah it was tricky to get. Um we've got reservations at Summerhouse. Have you been? Yes I have. I went on opening day of Summer House on the Lake because my flight got cancelled and I had an extra day. So, I managed to be there for um opening day and I love it. Absolutely love their Cobb salad was really good. Their pizzas are really nice there. Very, very good. And Katherine and I went actually in March. Um what date are you doing it? I uh it's towards the end I think. So, it'll be like 16th again. Um I think uh would you do an Alaskan cruise? I would love to do that. Um I'd also love to do a cruise and do the Norwegian fjords. That looks stunning as well. Um, Cynthia saying, "I could not believe I was able to snag Beacon Barrel." Me, too. I was so happy cuz I really, really wanted to experience that. Um, Beacon Barrel, I'm sure it's right at the end of the trip. So, I want to say the 16th, I think. So, probably 16th. And Homecom, I think we're doing the 17th. That would make sense. Um, when can you make reservations if you're staying off property? So, with dining reservations, everybody can make them at 60 days out. Um, it's just if you're staying in a Disney hotel, you can make your 10 days worth at the 60-day window. So, if you got that resort reservation, you'll be able to do like 10 days, I think it's 10 days, not two weeks of your trip. If you're staying off site, you do 60 days and then each day you would have to go online to do the next one, if that makes sense. Um, any plans to go to Shanghai or Hong Kong? Yes, I would love to do that. I'd love to do all of them at some point. Definitely would love to do that. Um, cake bake shop prices, is it worth it? It is very expensive. Um, the actual bakery where you can get like the slices of cake and stuff, I think they I want to say they were $22 or something like really really pricey. I had the key lime pie that was a lot cheaper and it was abs I think that was like half the cost of the cake and it was delicious. the actual restaurant. The prices are kind of up there, but that's what we're going to do is go and experience it and let you know whether it is worth it or not. It's kind of like one of those things. It depends what you order as well. So, we're going for I think like the afternoon, so it still be the lunch menu. And yeah, we'll we'll let you know whether it's worth it or not. It is it is pricey though, I will say for for what it is. But then everything is at Disney. Everything's pricey. Um is it a solo trip? No. I do have a travel buddy this time and you'll find out who that is when I get to the airport. And then in November, Paul is coming with me again. He's so excited to be going back. Uh, where would you put a DVC lounge in Hollywood Studios in Animal Kingdom? Oo, I would. So, Hollywood Studios. That's a good question. Where would I put one in Hollywood Studios? I would have said where like Star Wars launch bay and everything's going to be, but of course that's going to be the new Monsters Inc. area. Um, I would probably put one like maybe back behind the Tower of Terror. Like imagine if there was a there was space somewhere back there where the exit is and you could have like a haunted haunted mansion, a Tower of Terror themed DVC lounge. That would be incredible. And in Animal Kingdom, imagine if you could have one in the Tree of Life, but we're going to have the new show, the the Zootopia show in there. But that that would be amazing, wouldn't it? That would be so good. Um, so yeah, I'm going to back up now um because I could just be here forever. It's been so nice chatting to you guys, though. And I will be doing a couple couple more of these. Um, potentially I'll do another one before I go away, just because I've got a couple of other videos coming up, but the vlogs will just be a few weeks before they start. Um, because I'm not going for another couple of weeks. So, I might do another one of these and get Paul to join me. So, if you've got any questions for him as well, he will be here to chat to you. Best resort to stay in with an under five, hoping to go in 2028. I would say probably Art of Animation. That'd be quite nice. But the Little Mermaid rooms, which are the only standard rooms, they are a bit of a walk. So, if not, I would say maybe Pop Century. Pop Centry is one of my favorites. I absolutely love that. Um, Janette saying bye from Sunny Florida. Goodbye everybody. And thank you so much. It's been so nice catching up with you all. Like I say, we don't do these often enough anymore, so I will try and do a few more. If you enjoyed it, give it a little thumbs up so I can see that you want more live streams. But it's always nice to chat to you. I really do appreciate you guys um for being here and I just can't wait to bring more vlogs. It won't be long now. So, just a couple of weeks and obviously follow along on Instagram because you'll see things in real time. I always put up stories and photos while I'm actually there and then of course the vlogs will be to come after that. Um so yeah, anyone who's there in September or November, please do come over and say hello if you see us. Um really enjoyed this. I did too. I really enjoyed it. So thank you all for being here. Um, I hope you have a good weekend. Well, there's not much of the weekend left, but if you're in the UK, I hope you have a nice bank holiday. Um, and for everyone else, I hope you have a good week. And now I've got to try and do the thing to actually point and and stop this this stream. So, I will see you guys soon. Bye.
