---
video_id: m3pehtNFVBU
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "DISNEYLAND PARIS VLOG 🇫🇷 Walt Disney Studios park"
published: 2025-12-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3pehtNFVBU
---
I I take me home today. Take me out to the lake. Take me back to the sweet sweet. Good morning everyone. It is day two of our Disneyland Paris trip and we're here at Walt Disney Studios. So Paul has never seen this park before. first time. And this one is kind of I guess similar to Hollywood Studios if you're a Florida person normally with the Orlando parks. The main park is more like um Magic Kingdom and this one I guess would be more like Hollywood Studios. But there's going to be big changes happening to this park next year. The world of Frozen is going to be happening. Just so many new things. So, we wanted to come and see it now before everything changes cuz you've never seen it before. And I'm looking forward to seeing all the Marvel stuff that they've got here. Yeah, that's kind of your big thing. That is my thing. Yeah, I absolutely love it. I just can't wait to get in and give it a go really. See what it's all about. Tower of Terror was one of your favorites at Walt Disney World as well. He's gonna take you on. I'm not doing it, but Paul is going to take you on to that ride and film a little bit of it, but I'm too scared. I don't do Tower of Terror, although I do love the theming of it. I think it's amazing. We're going to be eating at Pim Kitchen later today, which is the Marvel themed buffet restaurant. That's what we're having for dinner. We might actually get lunch at Stark Factory cuz a lot of you suggested that as a place to eat. I believe Rey's Ratatouille Adventure is down, unfortunately. That is so sad cuz that's my favorite. I really wanted to do that, but I think it's down for um refurbishment, but we'll have a look. It looked like on the app it was. So, we'll see. But there's plenty of other things to do. So, let's get in. Dare I say it, the music is actually giving me more Universal vibes as we're walking in. It's more action adventury type of music. Very dramatic. Yeah, I like it. We're in and just about to head through world premiere. And this is what's slightly unusual with this park compared to at Disney World is you go inside to get into the park. I love this. This is so cool. This is like your outdoors, but you've got a roof above your head. The indoors outdoors thing. Yeah, I do love this. It's very, very different. I like the path as roads. Yep. This kind of looks like roads as well. I love the way they've got these trees with the lights. That's really pretty. This is one of the locations that someone suggested for a snack. The Search Light refreshment stand for donuts. Yeah, they have a few different options. We've gone for Slinky Dog and Groot, but they also had a Woody one, Incredibles, and Up, and they've all got a different flavor inside. This is the least blue that I can make us look. So, I apologize about this, but there's nothing we can do about it. There's nothing we can do. We are just very blue and I've got weird blue spldes on my face, but just ignore that. They're not really there. We have got our coffee and our donuts. This is the Slinky Dog donut. That's really cute. And this one has vanilla. And Paul has the Groot one. I am Groot. This is the Groot one, which is quite green. And yours had chocolate inside, I think. Yeah. Yeah. And we have our usual very teeny tiny cappuccinos. I know there's small coffees here. The coffees are small. If you can get to a Starbucks over at the Disney Village, you can obviously get that. Look at my face. What on earth is going on with the slicing? If you can get over to the Starbucks, they do more of the size that you'd be used to. But if you get coffees in the parks, they're tiny. Can I say, right, you gota you got to tell people how you like it as an impression of who you're actually eating. Oh, I'm no good at impressions. You can give it a go. Try give it a go. Eight out of 10. I did my best. That was quite I'll give you that. It's quite good. I'll do my best. It's like it's like um custody build kind of. I am grooves. Yours is difficult cuz all he ever says is I am Groot. So when you give your rating, he still would just say I am grouped. I'll put on the screen what that is in number out of 10. 10 is it actually? That is amazing. The light looks so funny on your face as well. Do I look like a smirk? Just just let us know. That is so weird. Oh, look. He's here as soon as we walk in. Hey, Walt. I think we should go to Avengers Campus and do Web Slingers first cuz I know Paul will love that and I loved it last time. It's so good. It feels very immersive, like Galaxy's Edge and that type of thing. Yeah. Yeah. This is where we'll be eating later. I have eaten here once before and I loved it actually. It was really good. And just to show you here, it's €45 for the adult buffet. If I remember correctly, I think it comes with Yeah. a drink, um, like a soft drink or you can get water. If you want any cocktails and extra drinks and stuff, you can get them there as well. I love this. Is that where we're going? This is where we're going. All right. Okay. This is where we're going to go and uh fight off Spider, the little Krabby guys. Thank you. Nice. Watch your step as you enter into the vehicle. They'll help you find Oh, you get a little shoulder bot. That's really cool. That's actually quite cute. I like that. Oh, it's a Loungefly bag that I actually like. Yeah. Yeah. They're not normally your thing, but No, that's a first, isn't it? That is actually quite cool, though. So, what did you think of that? I actually thought it was really fun. It's more like a game than an actual ride. At first, I got like Transformers vibes as I was going, you know, but nothing like that, but it was actually really quite clever. You did really good though. That was a good score for the first ever time. 256,000 I got. Yeah, something like that. Yeah. So, you got a pretty decent score. When I was here on the press trip and there were four of us in together, when I was here with Becky, we actually got the high score for the day. We were so excited. It was right before we left to go to the airport. So, that was a happy day. I still think about that sometimes now cuz it was just so fun. We were loving it. And I think since we're here in Avengers Campus, we might go and just grab some lunch. A lot of you suggested this place when I asked for recommendations of like quick service restaurants in the parks. This one came up the most um in this park and over in the other park it was Bellanote. Was it Bellenote? Yes, Bellenote. Where we at last night. Um so I'm going by all your suggestions for this trip for snacks and quick service restaurants and everything. I've heard great things about the mac and cheese from you guys. So I think we're going to get one of those. And it's self-service here. So you just grab your tray and kind of take whatever you want. You're having bolognese? I'm having bolognese. Yeah. Yeah. You can also get pizzas. I have had the pizza here before. It's very, very nice. We have some That looks nice. Yeah, that does look really good. Pizza slices are about €14. And looks like they have a chocolate hazelnut sweet pizza. I've just had a donut though, so I'm not feeling that. I'll probably just get a drink and just have this. You know, tiramisu. Various desserts. That looks good. Like a chocolate thingy. And they do have salads as well. Got tofu salad with quinoa, crispy bacon, egg and croutons. That actually looks quite nice, the one with the egg and the bacon. Paul will not like that cuz of the egg. And down at the bottom, they just have like a plain, you know, ordinary side salad. Time to give this a try. Now, a lot of you said about the mac and cheese. This is what it looks like. This is a big size mac and cheese. It may not look that big on camera, but it really is quite a large amount. And I think I need to stir it up cuz it's just kind of the sauce on top. And Paul went for the bolognese. I've got bolognese. Again, it's quite big. Yeah. Thing that's a bit sad is that you haven't got any cheese to put on top. Yeah. There isn't like a condiment station with cheese, is there? No, there's no shame. No. Right. Let's mix it up. First of all, €30 we paid for the two meals and the drink. That is good. It's very cheesy. That's good. And because you don't like mac and cheeses that are more creamy than cheesy, you should try this. That's very cheap. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's actually really good. So, out of these two, I'd have to say Victoria's got the best one. Oh, how's the Bolognese? Have you already tried it? I've already tried it. It's okay. Just okay. It's okay. I'll give it a five out of 10. What would you give the mac and cheese? I'll give that a solid 7 and 1/2 out of 10. Okay, good. I think I would also give this mac and cheese 7 and 1/2. But it is really nice. The pizzas did look nice as well, but I feel like I've eaten so much pizza this trip. And when we were in Paris before we came here, like in the center of Paris, I did eat pizza in a lot of restaurants just because that's what they had that I like. I was going to say nearly every restaurant that I was seen was pizza and pasta. Yeah, pizza. Yeah, there was loads of like Italian food we noticed um in lots of the restaurants. And because I am a bit of a picky eater, pizza is always a safe bet for me. So, I've eaten a lot of pizza, so I thought I'd stay away from that. And you guys specifically did say this mac and cheese is really good. And you were right. We're just on the move again, but I just wanted to show you the whole of the restaurant, like the main area. We were sat off to the side, but that's so cool in the middle, isn't it? Iron Man's out for a stroll. It's now time for Hollywood Tower Hotel for Paul. Last time we did this, you sort of went up there with me to sort of tried to encourage us to do it. I was on the verge of it, but I just couldn't. took the exit under. The one they have here is a slightly different color. It's more of a gray color and the one in Disney World is more like an orangey red, but otherwise I think it's very similar. When I came here a couple of years ago, they had a drone show, like an Avengers drone show, which was like behind Tower of Terror. I will link that below. It was honestly one of the most amazing things I've seen. So, I will uh link that vlog if you want to see that cuz it really is cool. They're actually doing a whole transformation. It won't just be the new world of Frozen. So, this is the RC racers that you can see just poking out. We just saw it operating over there. And then you've got the Toy Story bit coming to here, but there's going to be this whole walkway going down through. It's going to be so cool to see this. There is a lot going on. All of this area here is completely closed off ready for that opening, which like I said is going to be spring 2026. The downside to that, while all of that is being done in any theme park, if there's a lot of work going on, it does then slightly disrupt everything else. You might have things that are down, whole areas that are closed. So, it's kind of just like short-term pain for long-term gain. It's always the way with theme parks. If they're doing a lot of big work and doing massive expansions, whole new areas, it is going to disrupt the park, but it will totally be worth it when it opens. I cannot wait to see all the new stuff they're doing here. I've just come a little bit further back here and now I will zoom in as much as I can. You've got the world of Frozen at the end there. I don't know if you can see the snowy mountain. You can see all of the lamps that are already there going down that street. And I can just see if I lift the camera, you can see the tippy top of one of the buildings in Arendelle. And I think this park will really be quite transformed by having that whole new area. This park really is quite small in size compared to the Disneyland park that we were at yesterday. And it reminds me of Hollywood Studios before they had Toy Story Land, before they had Galaxy's Edge. When I used to go years ago when it was MGM Studios, it really, really was quite small. And I feel like this park is similar. So, this massive expansion is just going to be huge for Disneyland Paris. How did you get on? Do you know what? That was amazing. Yeah. I reckon that this has got to be the best themed ride here. queuing area and everything is amazing. Um, you did manage to film that, so I'm going to put that in in a second. Yeah. Obviously, there's no cameras allowed inside of it, so that's a nogo. You do come off with a little bit of a leg wobble. Okay. But it is worth it. It's truly truly worth it. In Florida, uh, I know it's a ride and this is a ride, etc., but it felt more staged, whereas here it felt a little bit more real. Oh, so you actually felt more like this could be something that's happening to you in real life, whereas you felt more just like you're on a theme park ride in Florida. Yeah. Oh, that's so weird. I know it sounds strange, but just try it. It is the best ride that I've been on here so far. Oh, this is your favorite so far? And I very very much doubt anything's going to be. Yeah, I think you're probably right actually for you here. I think my favorite attractions here at Disneyland Paris, obviously Phantom Manor, I've only managed to do it once. It's been closed two out of the three times I've been here. But Haunted Mansion is always one of my favorites. So that'll be up there. I love love love their Big Thunder Mountain here. I just think it is the best at Big Thunder Mountain. And I think my other favorite is Web Slingers. I do love that that we did this morning. I just think that is really fun. Quite fun. Yeah, I actually really enjoy that. So those are probably my favorites. And this is a sneak peek into one of the new attractions that's going to be on the approach to Arendelle along that long walkway. And this is a Rapunzel themed attraction. Looks good. And this is another sneak preview of the Regal View, which is going to be a restaurant and lounge. I'm honestly so excited to see all of this. This is going to be an absolute game changer for this park. This is another snack that I've been interested in getting. They have Magnum ice creams, but with special stuff on the outside. There's a Lion King one, which is vanilla ice cream, dark chocolate coating, chopped almond, broken corn flakes, almonds, and hazelnuts. Then there's snowflake bliss, which is vanilla ice cream, white chocolate coating, coconut and blue sugar flakes. Then they also have cowboy crunch, which is vanilla ice cream, milk chocolate coating, chopped almond, and hazelnut slivers. Here is our snowflake dipped magnum. So it's white chocolate, little coconut sprinkles, and some kind of blue sprinkles as well. And the actual was it just bare ice cream and she dipped it or did it already have white chocolate and then she dipped it in more white chocolate? Magnum dipped in more chocolate and then and then put more chocolate on top of it with some sprinkles and then more chocolate. So, it's doubled down on the chocolate or triple down on the chocolate and there's like sprinkles on both sides. This looks really really nice. There's going to be no way to eat this without being messy. It actually gives it a slightly weird texture because the outside layer of chocolate is not fully set yet. So, it's almost like a softer outside layer. You really That was so close. That so nearly went on my microphone, my bag, my jumper. It's messy, but it's good. You've got the right technique to hold the thing underneath it, which I did not do. It tastes absolutely lush. Okay. But I don't want one because obviously Pim's kitchen out of 10. An eight. Eight out of 10. It's pretty high. I'm actually going to give that an eight as well because I love the taste. I love the texture, especially with the like crunchy stuff on, but I actually really like the texture of the softer chocolate on the outside. So, yeah, solid 8 out of 10. It's really nice. Just through the trees here, you can see the cars attraction. We will be doing this one shortly. I don't think I'll be able to film on it, so that's why I just thought I'd show you it there now. It looks very much like Alien Swirling Saucers or the teacup ride, something like that. But that looks cute. We're going to do that and Crush's coaster. But before we do, we're just going to walk around to where the Ratatouille ride is to see that area cuz Paul hasn't seen it. It's a very beautiful area, even though the ride is closed. I haven't noticed this before. There's like a little version of the ride vehicle on top of this post. And it looks like they've got like Barbie and Kendalls in it to show you what it looks like. Just give you an idea of how the ride works. But yeah, we're going to be going on this. I can't film on this either cuz I would worry about uh losing my phone or my camera. But this is basically what Crush's Coaster does. To give you an idea of why I find it quite jolty, but I think that looks amazing. It is pretty fun. Buzz sounds so fancy when he speaks French. This area still looks very busy considering the fact that the ride is not operating. And you do have these booths here where you can get various different snacks. Me and Becky loved this last time. This is very Christmassy again, isn't it? See what they have. It is. It feels like a Christmas market. It does. They have the cone of dry cured sausage slices. They had that yesterday, didn't they? Yeah. Cheese tartar ralet cheese and cured ham sandwich. And here we've got the Oh, gy gyros again. They had that yesterday. And then waffle with caramel or Nutella or just a sugar one. Yeah. So, it seems they have similar stuff in both parks. This is pretzels and sauerkraut. They have a cheese pretzel and a gingerbread pretzel. Here they have a cone of roasted chestnuts. I bet that's really nice. And molded wine. And here is where they had the crepes. So this the same as yesterday as well. Um you had the duck breast one, didn't you? I had the one with Nutella. So yeah, it's kind of the same as what they had in Disneyland Park. I absolutely love this area though. I'm so so gutted that Rasativia is closed. This is one of my favorite things in this park. Aside from webs slingers, I would say this is my other favorite. Paul is saying he didn't ride this in Disney World. Maybe we didn't get round to it because we ran out of time, didn't we? Yeah, we did. So, this is in Epcot in France. Right. Okay. I can't remember riding this one. No, I think we must have missed it out. So, that's such a shame that this one is now closed. You'll have to wait until May. But, I do love this area and I love the new area in Epcot where they've added the attraction. It's just so great. And this is Bistro Sha Remy. And I tried and tried and tried and tried to get a reservation for this place. It is hot ticket. It's really hard to get a reservation, it seems. And I bet this looks so good at night. You can see those trees have got the lights hanging in, the stars and everything. At night time, this will look beautiful. And the fountain in the middle there, although it doesn't have water in, it's looking very Christmy. And let's show you what they have on the menu here. Looks like they do a set menu. €45. So, as Paul just pointed out, there's two set menus. the starter in Maine or starter main and dessert um is 55 and then you can have wine included for 75. They have um for starters mixed greens, rockfoot cheese, tomato convi, poached egg, so like a salad basically seasonal soup with laughing cow and mixed herbs, pear, chestnut and duck pate and then a spelt salad um with carrots, orange segments and vinegaret. Their main courses they have grilled steak and French fries. Then roast cod, ratatouille, and crushed potatoes. Or a vegetable stew with herby plant-based meatballs. And roast chicken or turkey with herbs. Potatoes with garlic and parsley. Yeah, I don't know that I would actually really like any of that. Then for desserts, they have cheese quints and mixed fruit loaf, chocolate mousse, fruit salad, lemon mering tarts, or a fromage blanc raspberry. And you can celebrate your birthday. Don't forget to order your birthday dessert before your meal. And for two or more people, it's €25. Or six or more people, it's 45. Let's just have a wander around this Toy Story area. I love the monkeys. Yeah. And this Toy Story area is not the same as the one in Disney World. So, there's no Slinky Dog Dash, no Toy Story Mania. They have RC Racers, which is this thing here. Maybe it will go as we're walking past. I'll just carry on and show you the rest of it. There it goes. I don't think I would like that, you know. And you can see the parachutes attraction over there. It's kind of like a mini version of Tower of Terror, would you say? I'd say so. Yeah, that's what it reminds me of. When you look at that at this close distance and then look across, you can see the Tower of Terror. You can see the height difference. Oh, yeah. Definitely not as intense as Tower of Terror. And this is Slinky Dog Zigzag Spin, I think it's called. We're just on our way to Pim Kitchen now. I've just done the live stream and it was more successful today than it was yesterday. So, that was good. And he just Yeah, we managed to just about keep the signal going. And I'm living for this Pocahontas music. Is that what it is? Yeah. Oh, okay. Pocahontas was one of my absolute favorites when I was little. Me and Lisa used to watch it all the time. I've been really looking forward to this because I loved it last time. Paul's very excited. I am looking forward to this. I mean, he loves Marvel and loves buffet, so can't really go wrong. This is a dream coming true. This is Yeah, literally dream dinner. The theming is very cool in here. Oh, it smells nice, doesn't it? We are seated and this table is actually quite cool because you can see out towards the restaurant, but also we are right by the window so you can do a bit of people watching at the same time. I love that. I'm loving the condiments in the test tubes. I think that's just amazing theming. And this kind of metal board that they give you has got the drinks on. So you can pay for specialty drinks or you can have the cold drinks or obviously water included in the buffet. So I am probably going to get maybe a cherry coke. It looks like they have a special for Christmas here as well. A Christmas amber beer. €750. Looks like they have some soups here. Pumpkin soup with melted cheese. They got some kind of sausage and chili looking dish. Baby corn dogs and rice. Got potatoes and a sweet potato crumble. Guinea fowl. Got chicken there and like shredded carrots. I think that's carrot, but it looks like Well, it says glazed rainbow carrots. Then ve fillet, green beans, some fish there, octopus. They have the giant burger which they can cut you some off. And then they have the teeny tiny burgers. The idea in this restaurant is that a lot of the stuff has been shrunk down. Got a big ficacia sandwich there. Then they've got some cold seafood here. Some salad. And up at the top here, these are little hummus things with a Dorito in it. More cold meats and salads. I think this is more stuff for children. They've got some veggie sticks with dip there. Some mini wrap like sandwich things. And some more salad. They have a kids section here with some mac and cheese. They've also got some rice and some little string potatoes and burgers and stuff. Then we've got desserts back here. Lots of mini desserts. They've got all sorts. Something that looks like blue milk in a container. Blue custard. That's interesting. Can't remember if I tried that last time, but now that's coming back to me. This I do remember from last time. This Oreo thing is really delicious. And then there's some more cheeses back here as well if you prefer that to dessert. I love how they got the vinegarettes in like science flasks. We've got some food. I've noticed that nobody actually does have a pretzel, so I don't know whether or not they just don't have any or they're out or something maybe. Paul's got all kinds of stuff there. Looks good. They have the mini burgers. Looks like you got some mini for capture. I have my usual array of vegetables and healthy and potatoes and a bit of salad. You know me, this is just what I eat. I'm really not a not a meat eater. Oh, we got a pretzel. I asked for the pretzel. I'm actually not sure that it's included. We might have to pay extra, but that's fine because I wanted it either way. Okay. So, we've got a pretzel. Oh, you got different stuff this time. We'll get a full assessment at the end. You can let us know what was good, what was not, and everything in between. Let's give this pretzel a try cuz I remember this being really nice last time. Yep. I remembered correctly. I just love pretzel. Paul has gone and picked up some desserts, which maybe I'll try a little bit of one or two. Yeah. And this I have had before, the Oreo. It looks like a giant Oreo and you just basically have a slice of it. Yeah. And that was really nice. What else have you got there? So, we got an apple and cinnamon. This one's like a caramel. This one here is a peanut cake. I like the antlers. This is the interesting one. This is called a B cell cake. A B cell. A B cell cake. This is basically just your chocolate little chocolate tart effectively. Yeah. Almost had a taste of all the desserts now. We haven't eaten all of all of them, but what did you think is the best? So, for me, the Oreo one is the best one. Yeah, I loved that last time with the apple and cinnamon one. The um peanut one, which is the one with the antlers on that tasted quite nice. That one did look look really good, I think. Yeah, it's quite heavy. You wouldn't want a lot of them. Quite rich. Yeah, all of them are quite nice. I can't say there's a bad one, but all in all, really nice. Yeah, but Oreo number one. Oreo is definitely number one. What would you give Pim Kitchen out of 10? Overall, I'll give it a 7 and a half. Okay. I think that I would give it a 6.5. Okay. However, I will say I think that's just my like palette that is causing that. So, it was nice what I had, but there wasn't a lot that I would like. I think if you eat meat and fish, there's a lot of that up there. So, I think then you would enjoy it a lot more. It's just me that I'm fuzzy, so buffets are not always the best thing for me. But yeah, I would give it a 6.5. What was the nicest thing you had? So, they do these like little chicken um bits and they were quite nice and believe it or not, if you're going to laugh, the green beans, the green beans are lovely. They have green beans with crispy onions and they're really nice. I will say the pretzel was everything. I absolutely loved the pretzel. It's still TBC whether or not we have to pay extra for that because I had to ask for it. But it was so good. It was totally worth it. Even if you have to pay extra for it. Just give you a final look at the restaurant before we leave. The theming is very cool in here. I do like it. We're all done in there. Paul is rolling himself out of there. The total cost for the two of us in there was €9. The drinks were included in the cost and the pretzel was also included, but you obviously have to ask for it. So, I noticed not very many people had them. So, they used to just bring it, but I guess now you have to ask, but it is included. So, that's good to know. And we had our reservation at 5:15. It was really nice and quiet then. But as we were leaving, a lot more people were coming in. So if you prefer a quiet experience, so you don't want it to be too crazy, just eat at off times. And that goes for the quick service restaurants as well. If you eat at like 11 or 3, it won't be anywhere near as busy. But if it's lunchtime or tea time, dinner time, it will be very busy. And just here, we didn't get round to doing this today. There is a Pixar show. I think we're going to try and do this tomorrow as well as the what was the other show we wanted to do? Philhar Magic. Yeah, that's Yeah, we want to do Philhar Magic over in the other park. Tomorrow we're going to be doing a combination of both of the parks. Just going back into both and doing things we haven't done yet or maybe repeating a few of the attractions that we've loved. But right now, we're going to go and see whether Crush's Coaster is operating cuz I did notice on the app it is down. That's so annoying cuz we were going to do it earlier but we ran out of time and I had a live stream to do. So, let's see. One observation that I do have, and Paul actually just mentioned this, this park looks way better at nighttime. Yeah. Yeah, it really does. I said then I went as soon as I come out of the um Kim's kitchen, I was like, why does it always feel different of a night time? Yeah. This park actually I think looks better at night though. Some of the parks I don't prefer. Like um Animal Kingdom in Florida, I way prefer that during the day other than Pandora, but that's a bit different. It's just really nice. I like it. Hard to tell. I think it might still be close. Oh yeah, there's no wait time. That's not a good sign. Do we want to do the car ride here? It looks quite a tight squeeze. We might have to sit one in front of the other. Are you driving and me passenger? Says that there's a 10-minute wait for this. So, that's not too bad. That was actually so good. But it's deceiving. It looks like a kind of kids ride. Yeah. But it actually does spin quite fast. A bit like alien swirling sauces, but I'd say even more so. And it really looks like you're going to hit the other cars. Yeah. For a kids ride, that's pretty intense for a little kids ride. I will say it doesn't look intense for when you look at it, you know, from up here. But go on it and you'll see what we mean. Yeah. It was the fact that I I really felt like we were going to hit the other cars. Like you'd feel like you're missing them by millimeters, which actually made it like really cool. So I love that. And now Crusher's Coaster is back up. So, we're going to go in and do that. Now, we won't be able to film on that because, like I said, I don't want to drop the phone and I don't think you're supposed to. So, we'll have to let you know what we think afterwards. We are off crush's coaster. I don't even know what to say. I always come off that the times that I've done that. I think I've actually only done it once before and I remember last time I came off and my nerves were just shot. The same thing kind of happened again. I like the beginning there some like cute bits and stuff and then all of a sudden it just takes off in the dark and it's very jolty. My neck has kind of my neck is out now. I definitely have done something to my neck. But it is fun to be fair. You're you're standing up waiting for the ride. You're waiting to go down the stairs. just seeing all the animatronics going on like the seagulls going mate. That's all. However, it's not actually cute. No, it's not cute. You think it's all cute. I mean, my hair I wow it of the morning, you know, with hairspray and it's all over the place now, you know. But do you know what? It's decent. I wouldn't recommend it if you got any sort of like back neck or back problems. Yeah. Just don't touch it with a barge pole. Yeah. I mean, I'll be honest. I don't know if I would do that every single trip because I do struggle a little bit with things like Space Mountain because of my like TM. Long story, but yeah, my neck is now out after that cuz I was basically just have my eyes closed. I was like, you did really really well. I will say that live on camera. I'm proud of you. I tried. We tried so hard. I believe I did shout. Now I remembered why I don't like you. But we went and had a buffet before we went on that. That was probably a mistake. That was a mistake. Okay. because you do feel a bit nauseious when you get off, but after a couple of minutes, you're okay. I would recommend trying it. However, don't try it after food. We rode it right after the spinny car thing as well. Yeah. And then it just came back online. But I will say though, it's one of the most popular things here. I know a lot of you guys love it. If you love things like Space Mountain at Disney World, you'll love that. It is It is fun. But for me, I always just come off my nerves a shot. So, on that note, we are going to head out of here, but we will be back tomorrow. We're going to do both parks again tomorrow. I absolutely love this area since they've redone it with these trees and all the plants and the lights and everything. It's just so nice. And just before we head out, we're going to go into the store and take a look what merchandise they have. I love this Lo mug. I can't get it because I already have a Lo mug. I have the one that on Disney Store had the furry thing around it. I've seen that one. Yeah, it's the hundreds that you've already got. It's It's in one of our many mug cupboards. I love this one, too, though. I would use that a lot. If you want it, that would throw a decent cup of coffee in it, to be fair. I'm going to think about it and potentially get it tomorrow. I would have my lemon tea in that. These jackets, we have seen hundreds of people in them. I think I've seen more people wearing this than anything else. It is nice to be fair. And it looks quite warm. It's very warm. Probably a bit too warm if I'm honest. Yeah, I'd be boiling in that. I've been going around in just a sweatshirt the whole time. Yeah, I don't know how you've done that. I'd be too hot. Here's me in my jumper and my jacket on. This hoodie is nice as well. That's €40. That's not too bad. Paul has seen something he likes. He's keen on this. I have the Walt Disney World version. That's the one I wear the most often is I feel like I do have the Paris one in black. I might be getting that wrong, but I'm pretty sure I actually do have this. That's nice as well. Oh, it's a zip-up hoodie. Put it in gray. I like that one. That's nice. Yeah, they don't seem to have as much of a range of ears, I've noticed, as they have at Walt Disney World. Look at this Lo headband, though. How cute. I really love that. Oh, I love Lo. I wonder if it smells of strawberries. No, it does not. That one is €25, which is probably about right for that sort of thing. It says Disney and Paris on there as well. I love the silhouettes on the windows up here as well. It is quite cool, isn't it? Yeah, that almost remember when we went to Universal Studios and there was that Harry Potter bit with all the bits in the windows. Yes, in the Ministry in Epic. Yeah, that's almost like that. You can see in all the office windows. Yeah, I love little details. You know, we love a detail around here. I do love this as well. The kind of icon of this park. This all looks really nice out here as well. I think this just looks nicer in the dark. It's very Christmassy, isn't it? Yes, I like it a lot. Speaking of Christmas, they have some Christmy things here. Look at this headband. They've got their winter coats on. That's really sweet. Oh, look. That's cute. Hey everyone. It is the next day now, as you can see. And something very weird happened last night with the camera that I've never had happen before. I haven't had this camera for too long of a time. Basically, it went into some kind of slow motion mode. So, every clip from the last one onwards that you saw ended up in crazy slow motion. And I did try to put it into edit, change it, and I couldn't. So, basically, I lost every clip after the last one that you saw. So, I'm going to go back into this store. I'm right outside the same store. Finish showing you in there. But, I just wanted to pop in and explain why I'm suddenly wearing something different. That's why. So, the camera is back in normal mode. We're all good. And let me take you back inside the shop to continue showing you everything. Those Christmas ears are really nice with the tartan bow. I love those. They're €25. Oh my gosh, look at Pooh Bear dressed as a pineapple. I love him. And a strawberry outfit. That's very cute. They have this Pooh Bear with the kind of pink outfit on. Oh, look at these. These are so nice. Got the castle and the Eiffel Tower on those. They're also €25. And they have the classic Mickey hands here. Those are €25 as well. Oh my goodness. Look at this little dress. Look at the tights. Oh my goodness. That is so cute. This range is really nice. The most magical time of the year. They have a mug as well. It's like shiny on the inside. This is really nice. It's an advent calendar. I think you fill it with your own things in each door, but it lights up. Oh, they do a Disneyland Paris version of the Loungefly insert. So, I've got the um Loungefly one that's black with just the Loungefly logo all over, but this is a specific Disneyland Paris one. That's really cool. How much is it? €30. I feel like Catherine would absolutely love this bag. Hey everyone, just popping in to end this vlog. As I just mentioned, we had a problem with the camera and the final clips that we took of this particular vlog. I meant to find time to film an ending to this one while we were there, but then we got swept up in vlogging that particular day, and I didn't get chance, so I thought I would just pop in. Now, like I was saying earlier in this vlog, I cannot wait for the new changes that are coming to that park. They're going to be changing the name of that park to Disney Adventure World. And since filming this, they've announced that all of those new changes are happening from the 29th of March, 2026. So, the world of Frozen and that whole new area that we were talking about and the name change for the park, all of that will be 29th of March. So, we can't wait to go back to Disneyland Paris when that's happening to cover all of the new stuff, show you everything. I'm just so excited for it. I think it's going to be amazing for that park and for Disneyland Paris in general. In the next vlog coming up, we are going to be doing both parks. We just had a very brief visit to Walt Disney Studios Park in the morning. Then we're back in the Disneyland park. We go to Discovery Land because we didn't show that at all in the last one. We go to Victoria's to eat. We also see the nighttime fireworks show which was absolutely unbelievable. I can't wait for you to see that. And once it got dark, we spent the evening on Main Street looking at all the projections and everything. It was such a Christmy feeling. I absolutely cannot wait for you to see that one next week. And many of you will already know this if you follow me on Instagram or if you watch my other channel, Victoria in Detail. We did actually get engaged on this trip and we mentioned that briefly in the next vlog, but we tell the full story in a video that is coming up over on my other channel, Victoria in Detail, and that is coming out tomorrow. So, it's kind of a storytime video about all of it. How, when, where, the story about the ring, everything. That is coming up tomorrow over on my other channel. So, as soon as that's up, I will link it in the description of this vlog if you want to see that. So, a huge thank you for watching. As always, please do give this a thumbs up if you enjoyed it because it does help other people to find it. If you love Disney vlogs and you're not already subscribed, you might want to subscribe because as well as the last Disneyland Paris vlog next week going into January, I will then be going back to Walt Disney World to Festival of the Arts at Epcot. I'm staying in a hotel that I haven't stayed in for a while. I'm really excited for that one. So, do subscribe if you haven't already. Thank you so much for taking the time out of your day to watch. As always, I hope you're all well and I'll see you in the next one. Bye. Hey,
