---
video_id: 4bTihi2Ygco
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "DISNEYLAND PARIS CHRISTMAS VLOG ✨ WE'RE ENGAGED! The most magical night in Disneyland Paris"
published: 2025-12-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bTihi2Ygco
---
I I take me home today. Take me out to play. Take me back into our sweet sweet. Good morning everyone. It is our last day here at Disneyland Paris and we're here at the Walt Disney Studios Park just very briefly this morning because we want to watch the Pixar show and Paul is going to ride Tower of Terror again quickly while we're here and then we're going to be heading over to the Disneyland park because there's so much over there we still need to do. We're going to be going to Discovery Land because we didn't do any of that the other day. We want to see the Christmas sing along show or sing Sing at Christmas I think it's called. I don't know whether we're going to be singing or just the uh performers. I'm not going to be singing. Well, I mean, you might feel like singing along anyway. And tonight, we're going to be watching the fireworks show and I'm looking forward to it. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. That's going to be amazing. So, lots to come and not enough hours in the day to do it. So, let's get inside. We were going to go into the Pixar show, but unfortunately, it is a full session. We'll have to miss that one for this time, but we wanted Paul to be able to do Tower of Terror. He is back now. And I did it. Was it good? It was amazing. I do now feel that each time you go on it, there's going to be a variance. Yeah. So, um, people who have done the Terror Terror will know that there's different animations that go on that take place. Oh, okay. I thought it was the same. No, so did I because the first two times I did it was the same. Now I've done it again. It's different. Okay. So, like there was a lot more animations and I actually think I went ever so slightly higher up this time. Oh, you felt like it was higher. Okay. I will say though, I do not recommend it. Strongly do not recommend it for young children. Oh, did you screaming on? We had a few below below about seven I want to say. We seen the children getting off a bit upset because they're seeing ghosts. They're seen children floating in the air talking to you. Creepy and then the dropping and then the drop on top of that. But as an adult it's truly amazing. Totally recommend it. I've never got off it and been disappointed. No. So I totally recommend it. Yeah. But we are hoping to get annual passes for next year for Disneyland Paris cuz there's going to be so much going on. So we will have to try and do this next time. There'll be plenty more times. On that note, I think we're going to head across to the Disneyland Park because there's so many things that we want to get done over there today and it's so easy to run out of time. I haven't even had coffee yet, so we need to do that as well. And so many of you guys have recommended we need to try the kiche on Main Street. So, we're also going to try and get that as well. So, we better head over there cuz there's a lot still to do. I really do love it in here and I would love to try this quick service at some point just because I love the atmosphere of sitting in here. So hopefully at some point we'll get to do that next time. Here we go. A, it's so nice walking into this park. And I don't know if you can see just through the gap here, Mrs. Claus is over there. And several times throughout the morning, I think it's only in the morning, maybe just into the afternoon, but definitely not in the evenings, Mrs. Claus comes out to kind of do a bit of a meet and greet. They call it sweet moments with Mrs. Claus, and she basically just comes out and speaks to everyone. You can see her chatting there to some guests. So, that's a really nice thing to do if you kind of come up to that rope there. We are in Cable Car Cafe, which reminds me, the decor kind of inside. It looks a bit like Casey's Corner in the Magic Kingdom to me. I don't know whether I'm imagining that. However, we came here because it was our understanding that reminds me of the meme from the office. It was my understanding. You know, it was my understanding. It was my understanding that this is where you get the kiche. So many of you said to get the kiche and Dean told us to get the kiche, as in Catherine's husband, Dean. You guys will probably know him. And everybody said get it. We can't find it. So, we're here at Cable Car Cafe. They don't have it here. They had like sandwiches like a fkacia sandwich and stuff and Mickeyshaped sandwiches but no kiche. I was looking forward to the kiche as well. Me too. I'm like really excited for the kiche. So hopefully it does exist and they haven't stopped doing it. But we had to obviously get something cuz we're quite hungry and needed breakfast. We have this which I'm not entirely sure what this is. It looked like a cronut. I'm not excited enough to think it actually is a cronut though. It also looks a tiny bit like a cinnamon type of thing. I think that's cream cheese on top, but I just don't know what the actual um whether it's going to be flaky or dense or who knows. We're going to try that. And somebody did recommend the carrot cake from here. And some of you might know that Paul is a massive carrot cake fan as well as cinnamon bun fan. This is what the carrot cake looks like. It is quite small. I'm a little bit disheartened in the size of it, but that's just my belly. So, in fairness, I probably will only have a bite of it cuz I do like carrot cake, but it's not my favorite thing. So Paul will probably mostly eat this. But it looks really nice. There's some in the middle and then frosting on top. And we of course both have a coffee as well. That's so hot, isn't it? Is it a Is it a cappuccino this time or is it a latte? It's a cap. They don't do latte actually. It's always cappuccino or just like cafe olet. So just coffee. Means fair switch it up a bit at home and do both cappuccino every now and then. It is good. I don't know whether to break some of this off or like how to Oh. Oh, there you go. I'm breaking some off. I don't know if you can see in there, but yeah, there's like layers like a croner. The cream cheese on the top is literally like Philadelphia. It's not sweet at all, I don't think. Do you? I haven't had any. Oh, did you not get any of the cream cheese? It works. It definitely works. It's like a cross between a croissant, a cronut, and like a cinnamon swirl, but zero cinnamon flavor, but just in terms of the texture. Does that make sense? M. It's got such a caramelized bottom to it that when you chew into it and you got the sweetness of that and then you got the cheese. It's absolutely stunning. I like it. I really like it. That's a 9.5. Ooh. 9.5. I'm going to say it's a 8.5. Yeah, it is good. Should we try the carrot cake? Yep. Excuse my crunching cuz I'm still eating this cake. Oh, you carry on eating that. M. Oh, there's more of this cream cheese in the middle. Is it good? That's also going to get a 9.5. The downside to this is that we were going to eat the kiche and then go to Victoria's and have a waffle. But now we've kind of eaten cake and then we're going to have to go and have a waffle. Yeah, I mean we are going to go to Victoria's cuz that's definitely somewhere we wanted to try. But maybe we'll I don't know give it a minute before we do that. We've now come over to Discovery Land and this part of the park we basically didn't do at all on our first day. So we're going to ride Autotopia first which I think is a bit like the Speedway in the Magic Kingdom. Looks a little bit longer though than that one. I might be wrong. And then we're going to go and see the Nautilus, which is like a submarine. Me and Becky really enjoyed that last time actually. Nautilus. Yeah, it's a bit random, but I really loved it. That sounds quite cool. Oh, they got a pink car. I want the pink one. It match my jumper. We're off. We got the blue car. And if you have long legs, I've told you this before about Paul because he can't even fit his legs onto Tron. Look at his legs on this. So, we are struggling. My knees are literally sticking out of the actual car and we're struggling to It's me the other side is like hanging out of the car. That looked like a merge, but it's not. Got no indicators, have they? Are we coming back to the beginning now? Oh, no. It's still going. It is actually quite long, isn't it? Yeah, I like it. Oh, now we're having to stop. And you're not allowed to bump. Got a traffic build up here. That was fun. I liked that. Aside from Paul not fitting in it very well. Could not fit my legs in there. However, we got in there just You were stretched out, weren't you? There goes Hyperspace Mountain. I have done that before once. I will link the vlog below of me and Becky coming off that ride feeling less than great. I do love the building that this is in though. Doesn't it look so cool? Looks amazing. Yeah. If you were happy going upside down, you would do it, but you really just don't do that, do you? No. And the Nautilus is basically like a walk through type thing. You kind of go into a submarine and walk through it. Let's show you what it's like. The other thing I love about this, it has a theme park rides. Now, if you know, you know. It's not really the water smell that you get on Pirates. It's a different smell, but it is a total theme park smell. And it's reminded me of Florida. Oh, it's about your size. I was going to say you would not be fitting in there. Your legs look like a navigation room. Oh, look at this guy. I'm guessing this is showing you for scale how big it is compared to a diver. I would not want to encounter that in a million years. Travel 35 km per hour. Impressive for a title. anymore. I think we're in the engine room. I like things like that. I just like anything that's different as well cuz they do have this at Walt Disney World. If I was ever here and like really exhausted and my legs were hurting and stuff, I'd probably go in there and just like hang out in there for a while. Here we are at Star Tours. It's back behind Hyperspace Mountain. Weirdly though, it's only a 5minute wait. I mean, it's always fairly low at Disney World, but that seems really low. There's that theme park ride smell. Love it. Just in the store at the end of the attraction. And look at this fluffy jacket thing. It's really nice, isn't it? be really warm. I'm kind of surprised how quiet it is here. I will say I do highly recommend the ride. Did you like it? I absolutely loved it. I absolutely loved it. It reminded me a little bit like of the Avatar ride that we went on in Florida. Did it remind me a little bit of that? Yeah, I absolutely loved it. Not as good as that though, right? No, definitely not as good as that. No, no, no, nothing is. We're going to go and do Victoria's right now cuz I haven't done that either of the trips that I've been here before and that was something definitely this time that I want to do. How can we not go to Victoria's? Right. We got our guys victorious. Victoria. We're just going past Cafe Hyperion. And just to show you what they're doing here at the moment, they have a Mountain Majesty menu. We've got an Emar cheese bun, ground beef patty, red guda cheese, pickles with mustard seeds in vinegar, cheddar potato pancake, rlette sauce, and arugula salad. I feel like you would love that. It does sound really good, don't you? And then they also have a special dessert. Creamy vanilla dessert, raspberry insert, white chocolate ganache, and almond shortbread at the top there. And it looks like it's €22 for that with a drink. This looks so good as well with the gold. I love that. And we do have some very exciting news for you. I'm going to let you guys know now. We've been keeping it a secret for a few days. And if you follow me on Instagram, you will already know this, but while we were in Paris, on Instagram already. That's so exciting. And yeah, Paul has asked me to parry him. I said, "Yes, we are engaged." And yeah, I've been waving my hand around all morning. So, I wasn't sure whether you guys might have noticed. I didn't wear it the last couple of days cuz we just wanted to have that little kind of few days. Yeah. A little bit of mystery. Keeping it keeping its you've been talking to people and nobody's cut and done. So, like wow. Unless you kept it to yourself, we don't know. Yeah. It's so exciting and what an amazing place to celebrate as well. So, very excited. I'm coming to town. I love the music for this parade. We are seated and we've got this really great table right by the window. So, we probably will be able to see the parade going by in a minute. It's really cute in here actually. It's very quaint, I would say, is the vibe. Victoria. Yes. And just to show you the menu, like we mentioned the other day, this is sweet stuff here. So they don't do savory food. It is a desserty kind of place. And I'm talking quite quietly cuz it is quite hush tones in here. So I don't want to Yes. Hush. Library vibes. Library vibes. I don't want to be loud. So they have some special Christmasy things which we showed the other day. The ule log to share which looks like a little gingerbread house. Jack Skellington pumpkin king pastry. the winter cold macchiato which I think Paul is getting cuz that has cinnamon roll flavored syrup which is totally your thing. The speculus um chocolate which is the hot chocolate which I think is like biscott flavored and then they have waffles Mickey waffles with Nutella whipped cream and merangues and then they do a caramel salted butter caramel actually sauce whipped cream and merangues on that one and then you can get cold brew coffees and then on the back they do have some other drink options cold drinks like sodas and juice and stuff. You can get beer and wine and other types of coffee. Our food has arrived and drinks. Look at Paul's drink. Then we've got both of the waffles. So, we've got the caramel one there and the Nutella one. We're going to share both. They look really good. There's a lot of like Nutella and caramel on there. Yeah. The funny thing is is they still give you sugar. Oh, yeah. You wouldn't want sugar in that coffee for sure. I'm having a cup of tea cuz I just really fancy a cup of tea and the little biscuits they give you with the drinks. Got the castle on. How cute is that? How is your coffee? It's really nice actually. Yeah, it is. Well, like I just said, they've got more syrup on the edge of the cup than they have on top of the It's quite messy and sticky inside the kitchen. Does it taste quite strong of like cinnamon bun? It's got a strong um syrupy kind of taste to it, but I can definitely taste the cinnamon in there, but it's not too strong. It's not too strong. No, it's it's lovely and mild. It's nice. Nice. Yeah. We're about to try the waffle. Bit of both. Bit of cream as well. Oh, yeah. Maybe get a bit of the meringue, too. You look instantly happy by that. Good. There's a lot of caramel on you, I will say. Or is it quite like a too much? Maybe. Probably virgin on, but it is nice. Yours is more cooked than mine. It looks like you've got a good bit there because there's not too much Nutella on it. So, I put a bit of cream on it as well. Exactly the same. Good. It's nice. Yeah. What would your out of 10 be for both of them? Eight. Both the same. Both the same. Okay. Both. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. That's really good. Let's try the Nutella one. I have had a lot of things with Nutella on this trip. So, we'll see. See, I couldn't decide between the two of them. I think I am going to give the caramel one a nine. Really? That high? Yep. Yeah. Okay. That is one of the best things I've had. And an 8.5 for the Nutella. And I should mention that our waffles and drinks in Victoria's was €30. So that was the total cost. That's not bad, is it? Really? I don't think it was too bad compared to other things we've had. It was a nice setting and we really enjoyed it. So it was all good. Let me just show you the castle cuz you can never get enough of that. Can you just zoom in a bit there so you can see it looking majestic later? Look how pretty this looks at nighttime. This is Ushal Dila Marionette Restaurant. So basically very similar by the look of it to Pinocchio Village House in Magic Kingdom. Ooh, look how pretty this looks. It looks so quiet. It doesn't even look open. I should mention some time has passed as well since we were in Victorious. Yeah, it's just extremely quiet. That's crazy cuz this is kind of like dinner time to me. Okay, we're in here cuz we literally have only eaten sweet snacks today. And then we are going to um go and do Peter Pan and Pirates again because we loved both of those. And we can't do the hedge maze because it closes at 5:00. I did not realize that, but it makes sense cuz it's dark. And to show you the food that we've got, I've just got some nuggets and fries. Paul has got half chicken. That actually looks really good. And I have got the strawberry slush and a coffee. And Paul's just got a Coke. So, we're just going to sit here and chill and eat this. Um cuz we've been running around like mad and I think we just need to like take a moment. It doesn't always come across in the vlogs because sometimes you just see like the highlights of what we're doing. So, we are doing a lot of other stuff in between the things. So, for example, it's been ages really since Victoria's, but you don't always see that, if that makes sense. If I have a blue glow, it's cuz we're just stood right underneath the castle and we're about to do a very important part of this trip for us. We're going to go into the Christmas store that's here in the castle to buy our first ever joint Christmas decoration for our first ever Christmas tree. We've really wanted to buy a Christmas decoration that's just ours. I've got lots of Disney ones, but this will be our first one that we've picked out together. So, we're really, really excited for that. Here we go. Look how pretty this is. The fact that this is inside the castle as well. I just love it. They have Lumiere and he does light up as well. Little ear headbands. These are really nice. Paul's just found this one. It's got the little rings. I guess that's meant to be like for a wedding. It could be for wedding engagement. This one's nice. I'm going to be so scared of it getting broken going home. I'll have to be very, very careful. These are really nice. A set of three. Yeah, quite cool. They're actually really pretty. How much are those? €15. That's not too bad for that. Oh my goodness. Look at these bolaf in there. Tinker Bell Stitch in this one. These are so pretty. I love this one. The gingerbread Mickey. That one's like a metal one. It's a bit more lightweight as well. Love that. Got a throw here. Some sort of blanket. If you're waiting for parades, that would be quite good. Just wrap yourself in that. Like more snuggled up on the sofa, hot chocolate, home alone. Well, that too. Oh my gosh. Been eaten by a reindeer. Eel dressed as a reindeer. I love that. Oh, look at his little outfit. I think we have a winner. We're going to go for this one because we just got engaged. I think that's really cute as our first ever Disney ornament. We're just going to head into this store. We very briefly walked past it the other day and we were in a bit of a rush. Yeah, it's like Snow White's house. This is really cute. Oh, yeah. Look at the animals. This is cool. And it looks like they have princess stuff and toys in this one. Very flashy camera. which I'm assuming does not take actual photos. I think it's a bubble camera. A bubble camera. Yep, I believe that's what it is. I don't think this is Oh, it is the shoulder one. Yes, it is the shoulder Pascal. Oh, he's so cute, isn't he? Can't all shops be like this. Pretty awesome, wouldn't it? It really would. We're just heading on to Pirates for a second time. We couldn't leave without doing this again cuz it was so good, wasn't it? It was pretty amazing. This is one of my favorites here. One thing for the next. And now we're going for one last ride on Peter Pan cuz Paul loves this. This is a nice place to come to to remind me at home. Cuz it's London. Yeah, London. Grummy and Somerset people attempting a London accent very badly. And speaking of things that look pretty, we are going to go one more time on Small World. I absolutely love it. It just looks so good. We might as well as we walking past. And once we've done this, we're going to go back towards the main entrance, go in the emporium, have a look on Main Street, look at all the lights and everything, and get ready to watch the show tonight. Look at the castle from this angle. So pretty. Oh, it looks like it's snowing again. Perfect timing. Oh, I love it. It's beautiful. And this is something I didn't get chance to show you the other day. If you look up at the windows, all of these projections, you can see people in the windows moving around. This is so cool. I love this. Looks like some dancing here in this one. Paul just said it reminds him of Home Alone. Whether McCork's playing that trick, letting them know that there's a lot of people in the house, and there's actually not. And up here is Walt's restaurant. We were going to eat there, but I wasn't too sure on the menu whether I would like it. But you can see people sat up there in the window. It's such a nice setting. I think next time we might have to do it. I'm sure I can like something. I'm just very fussy. And I was a bit like, oh, I don't know. But I would love to eat up there looking down on Main Street. Can you imagine? And this is Boardwalk Candy Palace, which I'm guessing is the equivalent of the Main Street Confectionary. So, we're going to go in here and take a look. I love these projections so much, honestly. I do love these things. I actually got one last time I was here. It's kind of like a candy kebab. Someone did mention the fudge here is amazing. Oh, this has got a menu of what they have. They do a mini cake pop. Got a Christmas cupcake and a cookie Mickey or Minnie marshmallow. Then they got the kind of sugar cookies that you get at Disney World. A cornflake cake, rice krispie treats. Then they have various different macarons and you can get those in a box of six or 12. Have cotton candy as well. They do have some bulk candy that you can get as well. They are some nice things there actually. Corona bottles. Ooh, fried eggs. I love the decoration in here, though. Look at this. Paul is sporting his new hoodie. He's very pleased with it. I love it. So, it's kind of pixelated. I don't know if you can see that. It feels almost like rubbery. And you've got Mickey and Donald on there. You've got Chip and Dale. And then on the side, it says Dan Paris. You got this on the sleeve. And that's the front. That's actually really cool. I love that. I just love the pixelation of it. It's not It's not like their normal design. No, it's a bit unique, isn't it? I like that. I think it was 5656. That's not too bad, actually. I would say that's like an udie. That's a bit like what I got you for your birthday with the pouch thing that you sort of sit down on the sofa. Paul got me one of those like wearable blankets, but this is more like an udie. It's more like a top like you wear it. Yeah. Oh, look at the tree. It's currently looking very bluey green. Oh, look at this. I absolutely love this. This is so nice, isn't it? Let's head into the emporium. I'm imagining it might be very busy in here, but we'll give it a go. Then we're going to grab a coffee and find ourselves a nice place for the show later. It is busy, but I have seen the Main Street Emporium in Disney World a lot worse, so it's not too bad. It's very beautiful in here. Look at this ceiling. They have the Christmas Wishables here. You've got Stitch as a Christmas tree, then his reindeer outfit, fancy top hat, and snowman costume, and then Santa at the back there. This is like the udie we just saw, but they've got a Minnie and Mickey version. These would be so warm. I would imagine here because it's so much colder, they probably sell tons of these when people are sitting around waiting for parades and shows and the nighttime show and stuff. Yeah. €60. €60. Yeah, it'd be so warm. And it does have a hood with the ears on, which is cute. And this is the Walts restaurant here. You can see it's very beautiful. I think we're going to have to do that next time, aren't we? Yes. Just across the way here, this is like a little area off Main Street. Kind of like the one I love in the Magic Kingdom, but it doesn't go as far back, I don't think. But there's some tables there. I'm just here at the cable car bake shop window and they've got the cookie kitchen. I'm just picking us up something and a coffee while we wait for the show. We're just going to sit on Main Street taking in all of this beautiful, beautiful snow and projections and everything going on. We're just sat here on Main Street having our Mickey beignetes. We've gone very blue all of a sudden cuz the snow is coming again. This is the chocolate hazelnut filled beignet that you can get from the little bake shop there. And we got a coffee and it's snowing. This is just totally perfect, isn't it? It is absolutely amazing. We're just loving taking all of this in. I got snow on my nose and in my hair and on your eye. It's on my eyelash. We have finished the Mickey beignet, which was like chocolate hazelnut filled, basically Nutella filled. I really liked it, but we could have shared it. It's really big and I felt so sick towards the end. Um, so it's too much for me. What did you think? Well, got to be honest, not the best thing you've eaten whilst I've been here. Always not a fan. No, I mean to be fair, I'm going to sound like a real spoil sport. Now, beet is just a posh word for donut. It is kind of just a donut. Yeah. The best thing that I've eaten here at at Disneyland Paris has got to be the carrot cake. Oh, what you had this morning? Yeah, that was honestly that was mind-blowing. That was amazing. What would you give this out of 10? I'd give this a 6 out of 10. I think I would give it a 7.5 cuz I did really like it, but I would split that with somebody and I would have enjoyed it a lot more having half of it cuz it was just too much. Join us in just 15 minutes time as we present Disney Tales of Magic. Let it take you back to the first time you felt all the time. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. sometimes you And tonight we don't know How far I go? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Stitch, going on this adventure with you feels like magic. I landed on a strange planet over the earth. reinforcement to infinity and beyond. Magic doesn't smash. Every once in a while, magic finds us. I feel like when you find love in your heart, the world becomes a magical place. Hello. It's just my reflection. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. The sun is till we find our way. The magic is strong. Please music. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. And so the story goes, real magic lives inside us all. Find your magic, embrace it, and pass Well, what can I even say about that? I don't even know what to say. When we get down to where the tree is, we will do a little sum up of what we thought of that show. But look at this red and green that everything's lit up now. It's so great. I love this. So, everything has calmed down a little bit now with everyone leaving the park and I just wanted to get Paul's opinion on that show. He's never obviously seen a Disney Paris nighttime show before. No. What did you think? Do you know what I said to you afterwards? Emma meant every word. I'd come here just for that. It's incredible, isn't it? It is absolutely amazing. There's like a a drone show incorporated with the fireworks. The effects are absolutely phenomenal. Yeah. And it it never ceases to amaze me. Yeah. What this place does to you. I can't give it a 10 out of 10 cuz it's just not good enough. No. It's No. No. It's purely amazing. Absolutely. So like Yeah. I just You'll see it in the vlog. It's just breathtaking. Yeah. Absolutely stunning. And I've never seen this particular show before. I've seen Disneyland Paris nighttime shows before though and they are so good. And that was just something else like the projections down Main Street. Definitely watch from Main Street where you can see those as well. If you're right up by the castle, you would miss that. And I think we are going to wrap up this vlog here. So, this is going to be the end of the Disneyland Paris vlogs, the end of this incredible day and incredible trip. And what an incredible trip it has been. We cannot actually finish any day better than this. Yeah, this has just been a perfect ending. This is just too perfect. It really is. Yeah. So, now you all know we are engaged. Yep. That's been an amazing part of this trip. Definitely. I'm now officially part of the group. I've got my own Disney top. I want to say a huge thank you again to the Disney Parks team for gifting us the park tickets and the Premier Access Ultimate Passes for this trip. They have been invaluable. I can highly recommend those. We have been able to experience everything that we want. Well, not everything that we wanted to because it's been so much. We definitely are going to be back and there's going to be so much happening here in Disneyland Paris in 2026. We 100% will be coming back. We only had 3 days. We had to cram as much in as we could. I really do wish I had longer. And thank you to you guys. We met so many of you today. So many of you came up to say hello. And everybody who wished us well on Instagram when I posted to say that we got engaged. We were blown away, absolutely blown away by the likes and comments and all of the love from everybody. So, thank you. We haven't had time to respond to any comments or anything. So, we will do that as soon as we get back to the hotel. But that's going to be it for this one. A huge, huge thank you again to everybody for watching, liking, commenting, subscribing. If you're not already subscribed, please do cuz there's going to be more Disneyland Paris coming up. There's going to be Disney World in January. And then we will be back in Disney World in May. And like I said, we'll be back here as well. So, please do subscribe and follow along on our journey. And just yeah, thank you for being here. But we're going to sign off now. walk back to our hotel and I will see you really soon for the next lot of vlogs. Bye bye. I know we'd already signed off the vlog, but we are just leaving. And look who is saying goodbye. This is exactly how we entered on this trip with Mickey saying hi to us. And now as we're leaving, he's saying bye. This is just so perfect.
