---
video_id: S9ZoplWjQS0
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "WALT DISNEY WORLD VLOG ✨ Magic Kingdom, The Beak & Barrel & Cake Bake shop at the Boardwalk"
published: 2025-11-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9ZoplWjQS0
---
I I [Music] take me home today. Take me out. Take me back into sweetness. Good morning everyone and welcome to our last full day here at Disney World. I can't believe it. We were saying this morning it has gone so quickly this trip. Yeah, it really has. It really, really has. So, we are here this morning though. This is super exciting to go to Beak and Barrel which is the new pirates tavern. I have been looking forward to this. I probably have been looking forward to this the most actually. I think our Oh, really? Yeah. I mean with and Starlight Parade. Both of those two things. And this is right at the end of the trip. So, we have had to wait the whole trip to get to do this. And also this morning we are going to get to ride Tron. We've got a lightning lane and the new overlay. That's cool. Yeah, the new overlay started yesterday. The new the Tron Aries I think it's called. And it's like different lighting, music from 9in nails. And I'm just excited to see what that's going to be like. After that, we're going to be heading to the boardwalk and eating at the cake bake restaurant. Last time me and Catherine couldn't get in. We did eat in the actual bakery, but not the restaurant, so that's going to be good. [Applause] I can hear the train in the background. It's just the sounds in the Magic Kingdom more than anything. Although just saying that makes me a tiny bit upset for not hearing the Liberty Bell anymore. I wish they would just pipe in the sound somewhere around Liberty Square. Maybe where the bell is in the middle. Could they not just pipe in the sound? That would be good, wouldn't it? Just if they had it faintly so it's like it's in the distance or something. That would be so good. I wish they do that cuz I do already miss that sound in the Magic Kingdom. Just got to take in every moment of this when it's your last time in the Magic Kingdom. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I really wanted to catch the end of that, but we are going to be late for Beacon Barrel, which is not allowed. They definitely could give away our spot because it's so popular at the moment. So, we're going to head over there now. I'm really excited for this. They have a breakfast bagel sandwich. Sausage, egg, and cheddar served in a bagel. That's similar to what you can get over at the Main Street Bakery in the Starbucks location. Yeah. And it looks like they only have that at the moment. So, the spring rolls must come along a bit later. Ah, here we are. Every time you walk, you go back to town. Welcome to the party. Fire. [Applause] Our table is cool as well. Yeah. So, one thing to note, this is very much like OG's cantina. So, you may not be sitting. So, some of it is standing either at the bar or like we are standing at this really cool table. Love this. But yeah, you're not necessarily going to get a seat. If you needed to for some reason, you would have to ask for that and you probably would have to wait a reasonable amount of time to actually get a seat. But we're just excited to be here and don't mind standing. It's all good. Before we leave from here, I will take you around to have a look at the rest of it. So, this is the menu. And it's quite a small menu. Like I said, it is a bar experience. It's not any kind of like although when you make your reservation, it says lunch. It isn't somewhere where you would get a full meal. 45 minutes and you can do two drinks because there are so many people who want to come here. They have to limit the time so that as many people can get to experience it as possible. In terms of snacks, they have island provisions which is a flatbread corn tortillas and then you get mango chutney chur. So I guess that's like dips basically dips with flatbread and tortillas. Then you've got the corn griddle cakes either with chicken or just vegetable. And I'm going to get that I think. And then they have Kraken's Catch, which is octopus tentacles. Wow. Definitely not to get on that. And then they have non-alcoholic specialty beverages. Claire is getting the Cursed Treasure, which she said is a bit like an Oreo milkshake. And I'm getting the Treasure Trove. So, we're going to try both of those. Our drinks have arrived. The light is a little bit weird in here, so apologies for that. This is Cla's kind of like Oreo milkshake basically flavor. That looks a bit like marshmallows. I'm not sure if it is. Yeah, looks good. And this is mine, which is a lemon and coconut concoction is the drink. But look at this with a treasure on the side, which is very exciting. We've got some popcorn here. I think this is like a cake pop. And I think that's supposed to be a cannibal, but it is a cannonball. That's what you're supposed to be launching at the people next to apparently. I'm supposed I am not doing that. I'm going to eat it. I definitely am not going to launch it. I would much rather eat it. They've been told to do it back to you. No, can't waste it. Okay, let's try this drink. That's really nice. I would say it's more lemony than coconuty. I'm not getting a strong coconut taste, which I'm glad about. It's more just like a nice refreshing lemon drink. Let's see about these bits of treasure. So, the popcorn that tastes like the Worther's popcorn that you get in the Germany pavilion. Very similar to that. Let's see about the cannibal. I am going to eat it. This be plantains, blue chips, flatbread, and for dips. It's plantains, blue chips, flatbread, and for dips. So, this is almost like a chocolate cake pop inside. It's like really dense. Let's try this one. This looks very exciting. And that's basically like a vanilla cake pop as well. The best one is the cannonball. Our server is hilarious, by the way. very much. Repeat after me. [Applause] The main secure Hallelujah. [Music] My goodness. Here [Music] is the corn cake. That looks so good. [Music] I did get a little bit of heat then. Yeah, I know. I've been pulling mine out. I just spotted a chili. To be fair, it's not super hot, but I did just get a little bit of chili there. I didn't like that. It's really good, though. It's got loads of like filling in it. There's lots of corn in here and cheese. This is good. I would highly recommend this. What a great experience this has been. We haven't been able to say everything that we want to say about it because you do get a short amount of time, but we're going to do a full debrief on this later, but it really, really has been amazing. Definitely want to try and get reservation for if you can. It is hard to get, but totally worth it. Yeah, we absolutely loved that. That was so great. That was good. Really good. There's loads of people waiting there now, so maybe an early reservation would be quite good. I think in future when it gets less popular, you might be able to spend a little longer in there, but at the moment they have to limit you because otherwise not very many people will get to experience it. But it was really fun. We talked to some really nice people. Our server Diaz was brilliant. Yeah, he was great. Yeah, he really was. So amazing. Perfect. To be fair though, if you are standing up the whole time like we were, you don't really want to be there for more than 45 minutes anyway. No, you wouldn't want to be there. If you sat down, then you probably would be happy to stay longer. But I was good with that. Like we had enough time to eat and drink and chat. It felt like enough time. Definitely. So now we're going to go to Tron because our window is open for our lightning lane. Tron and full tummy isn't necessarily what I would normally choose. Yeah. Hopefully the hopefully Tron and the grilled corn cake do cooperate. Um, but we'll see what happens. We did do a lightning lane for today because I knew that this overlay was starting yesterday. And I'll put on screen how much we paid for it. I can't remember what it was for today for the Lightning Lane, but it wasn't too bad. And we definitely wanted to make sure we experienced this before we head over to the boardwalk. And I haven't done Tron yet this trip. Just trying on the Mickey glasses. You know, these ones, they were really popular and very sold out everywhere for a while. They are quite cool. I do like them. I want to try them on and see what I think of them as well. Just passing by. So, we had to get a little castle moment. Absolutely stunning. And the castle will be getting a makeover and going back to the blue and cream colors. I'll put in a photo of what it used to be like before it had the 50th anniversary makeover. They're going to be repainting it. I'm not sure when that's happening, but I get the impression it might be fairly soon. I've never noticed these before. These pumpkins and gourds here in the bushes by the tree on Main Street. Never spotted those before. It's time for Tron. And I can't really see any like lights or anything happening yet, but it is daytime, so I think anything like that would be hard to see. But yeah, I'm really interested to see what's what's different or what feels different. Oh, I love when the cast members do this. [Music] The standby is 45 minutes. Very excited for this. We'll let you know afterwards what it's like. Obviously, I cannot film on this ride. [Music] Oh, look at this. Really looking forward to this now. Oh my gosh, that was so good. I absolutely loved that. It was amazing. It always is anyway if you get a chance to do that. I don't know how long it's sticking around, but I would definitely try. I found Cla because she rode on the regular seat. So, you were done a lot quicker than me, weren't you? How was it? Yeah, it's a great ride anyway. It It could be done. Once you get towards the end, I almost think there should be another like burst and off you go. It is a bit too short. That's the only thing that's a shame, but it is a great ride. Yeah. Yeah. Guardians is longer and that's another reason that I love Guardians. It is. It really is though, isn't it? Yeah. But Sean is is amazing. It's just quite a quick ride. And now we're going to go on the people mover. We don't have a lot of time until we need to leave to go across to Boardwalk. Presented by Enterprise. I'm Corak 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. Your express train keeps on rolling into the future. Right by two of my favorites. I am just going to try this lemonade and then we're going to go on Carousela Progress cuz Cla still hasn't done that ever. Have you? No. Never. So, brand new thing. And then we will be walking out to go to the boardwalk. I got the team blue lemonade. So, because this is close to Tron, they've got a special lemonade. That is just like a slush puppy in the UK. You know, the blue slush puppy, how it used to be when you're a kid. That's what it tastes like. I do really, really like that. I love the mango peach refresher, which Cla's got. They did have that here as well. We thought it was just Epcot, but yeah, they do have it. I love both. Joffrey's drinks have been the one on this trip. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. M and I get annual passhold aer discount there as well. So we've had way more Joffre this trip than than Starbucks and I've been loving their kind of cold drinks. I think that's what you'll probably carry on doing. Oh yeah, definitely. Right, let's have this and then Carousel Progress. Carousel of Progress, by the way, is getting refurbished as well. I don't know exactly what they're doing. Just a bit of an update, a refresh. I don't think they're going to be totally changing it because they want to keep it true to Walt's original, but um yeah, I don't know when that's happening as well, but we want to ride it this one time before they make any changes. [Music] Millions of people came to see it and since then the Carousel of Progress has had more performances than any other stage show in the history of American theater. And when it becomes a reality it's a dream come true for you and it's another Halloween here in the fabulous 40s. Everything is better than ever now. great big beautiful tomorrow at the end of every day. Love that. And I just love anything that was created by Walt and I know it's going to be getting updated, but I really am happy that we saw it that time just in case that starts anytime soon. It's just really cool to think that it's it was Yeah. The fact that it's made by him, his his complete idea and design and it's obviously not like a thrill ride or anything, but it also is like it's got some funny bits in it, hasn't it? Yeah. And it's nice for some air conditioning and a bit of relaxing if you've overdone things, which apparently my back is telling me that I have. So, we're now going to walk out. Anyway, we need to get the bus to the boardwalk for our reservation at the Cake Bake Restaurant. I'm really looking forward to this. Like I say, when I tried the dessert there from the walk up bakery section, it was really nice, but I'm really interested to see what the actual restaurant is like. What did you get before? I had the key lime pie and it was absolutely to die for. And I can hear Festival of Fantasy going through as well. you can see a bit. But that is going to be it for Magic Kingdom for this trip. So, last little look. And you've got Festival of the Fantasy going on. I love the boardwalk so much. It's such a nice area. And at this time of day, it's not too busy. A lot of people are in the parks, so you can just come for a nice relaxing stroll. There's loads of different places to get food. There's the pizza window here. You've got the boardwalk deli. There's ice cream next door. There's all these little kiosks. And then you have the cake bake restaurant at the end which is where we're going. But you can get just the desserts from the bakery kind of walk up place which is on the right hand side. They do have a sign here just saying about their breakfast. They do warm breakfast sandwiches, pastries, coffees, lunch and dinner. They got sandwiches, salads, and sweet treats. It's nice in there. And you can also refill your mug in there as well. Oh, that's handy. Yeah. So yeah, this is the bakery where you can just walk up and grab something. It's very beautiful in there. But we will be going sparkly. It's very sparkly. Everything is very sparkly in here. Oh, wow. Hi. Thank you. It is so fancy in here. It is like incredibly special. It's very beautiful. I'm going to turn the camera around in a second. You can kind of see behind me though as well. It is lovely. Like if you wanted to come somewhere special. This is absolutely been in here before? No. Okay. So, you don't know whether or not these decorations are seasonal? I think they are cuz when Catherine and I came they were more like springy. Yeah, that's what I mean. This looks very autoutuminal and like fitting but beautiful. So nice. Let me show you. Look behind Claire here. They've got all of these autuminal decorations and kind of all around the room. But this is just such a fancy room. Behind me there's almost like a round booth that you could be in. So yeah. You could sit in here. I think that I mean I don't know if you'd like to pay a bit more, but like if you were in the middle there, you'd feel the fanciest person ever. Yeah, there's a chandelier in there. It's just stunning. There is so much to choose from on here. This is just the non-alcoholic drinks. They've got all kinds of different coffees, teas, and then other soft drinks there. Then at the back, there's loads of cocktails and sparkling wines and stuff. And in terms of food, I have heard amazing things about the truffle fries and the server did recommend that as well. So, I feel like I might have to have something that involves those. Their salads are supposed to be really nice as well. They have a lemon Caesar salad, a blackberry avocado, and a green goddess cob salad. He recommended the Croc Monsure sandwich. Croc Madame, which has got egg on it, I believe. I think I'm going to get the broccoli kiche with the truffle fries. I am preemptively having a little look at the dessert menu. I don't think I would be able to manage one of the slices of cake. I mean, we could probably share one, but I didn't get one of those last time cuz they are huge. They are massive pieces of cake. They're kind of pricey. They're like $22. I probably will end up getting one of the um key lime pie slices because that was honestly just one of the best desserts I've ever eaten in my life. It was absolutely delicious. I think if you come here like on a Saturday or Sunday morning for like breakfast or brunch, I would imagine it would be very busy in here. We've come here at like 300 p.m. So, I would give that piece of advice actually when you're at Disney. We did our character meals at like 2 3:00 p.m. And then it's very quiet, so it's really nice. You can kind of be quite chilled and there's not a lot of noise, which is nice. It's a little bit of a shame about the lighting in here cuz it is literally making me look like a ghost, but there's nothing I can do cuz it's got a glass ceiling. But let's try this coffee, which is a latte. And I went for marshmallow syrup. That is nice. It's sweeter than I'm used to. Normally I do just drink coffee as it is, but that is Does it have like a marshmallowy taste? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not just sweet. It I can taste actual marshmallow. And you should try your little doughut thing. Yeah. On the side there is a little what looks like a cinnamon doughnut hole. It actually looks like a mini scotch egg if I'm talking about what it looks like on the camera, but it is actually I think mini cinnamon donuts. Let's try this. That is really nice. Yeah, I like that. We've just realized my ears are making like a disco ball. Can you see it on the chair here? Can is in the whole restaurant literally like it's behind Cla. If I go like this, I'm like a human disco ball girl. Maybe I should take No, definitely don't hit. If anyone comes and sits and it's like in their eyes or something, I definitely will. We've just received our food and this is a huge portion. I will say, although on the menu things may appear pricey, the portions are massive. So, this is my kiche, and this is the thickest slice of kiche I think I have ever seen. A huge pile of truffle fries. Claire went for the baratha and it's like two huge pieces of baratha. Masses of tomatoes and like a whole baguette worth of bread with the pesto in the middle. That does look so nice. Yeah, it does. That will be delicious. Yeah. And I think I've got some kind of garlic, mayonnaise, and ketchup here for the fries. This just looks so good. Oh my gosh. I'm just trying the kiche on its own without any of the fries. [Music] Tasty. Mhm. It's really hot as well, like temperature. Okay. And the top almost looks like it's overdone, but it's just like a crunchy top. It'd be good to try some a bit more of the pastry. M. Let's just try a truffle fry as well. M. Those truffle fries are next level good. How's yours? Delicious. Yeah. It's nice to have um something that feels really fresh. Do the tomatoes like feel really Are they flavorful? Yeah, they're lovely. And the um the pesto is really nice. One thing I will say with the kiche though, it's not very cheesy. Oh, really? No, it's very nice. Like it's delicious. I'm just taking a look at the dessert menu now. And when I was here last time with Katherine, just from the bakery, I had the key lime pie. Cla's getting it because I've obviously talked it up so much. What do I do? Keep watching and you'll find out what decision I made. [Music] Oh, that's good. Right. It honestly, it is just Oh, it's actually lighter as well than I was expecting, which is really good because then it means I can eat more of it. And we already know that I'm obsessed. But let's just try this. Is my favorite. Is it as good as you remember? Mhm. Just before we leave, I wanted to show you the whole restaurant from over here. Look at this. Okay, I'm all done with the live stream now and it is raining really, really hard outside. There's a thunderstorm I can hear and lightning going and everything happening. But I am cozy here in the Boardwalk Hotel in the lobby and I thought I would answer a few questions while I'm here, especially now it's raining. I was going to head out to Epcot. Claire is there. I think she is in Creations Shop sheltering from the rain. She said um it is really, really heavy. So, I don't know if I'm actually going to head over there. My back is really, really painful. I'll be honest. Um, and I think it's just going to be too much. And now that it's pouring down, I definitely don't think I'm going to. So, I thought I would answer some of your questions instead. Mom in the middle was asking, "How easy is it to get from Disney hotels to Universal? Are they close by?" It's really easy to get between them using Uber. That is the best way. Oh my gosh, I can see so much lightning happening. Yeah, Uber is the best way to get between Disney and Universal. I would say probably the cost is going to be around $25 though if you're just doing the odd day. So, say you're staying at Disney and you're going across to Universal a couple of times during the trip, then it's probably not too bad. But, I wouldn't recommend staying at Disney and going over to Universal most days or vice versa. Katherine and I did stay over at Endless Summer once and then we were coming over to Disney most days. We were sharing the cost of Ubers, so it wasn't too bad, but that did end up being quite pricey with Uber. So, I probably would only plan to do that a couple of times. Love Joe Handmmaid is staying Springs area hotel for one night preWalt Disney World stay. What would you recommend? I would probably go for the Windham. There's the Windham Garden or I think just the Windham. It is the same hotel, but they have like a garden wing or the tower. So, if it says Windham Garden, then it will be in the wing kind of on the side, which I have stayed in loads of times. It's one of the closest to Disney Springs. You can just walk along. it is right there. And they do have bus transportation then across to Disney as well. But I've always found that one really good and it's a very good price as well. Just be aware there will be resort fees in a lot of the offsite hotels. So a lot of the ones along Hotel Plaza Boulevard, which is right by Disney Springs, they do charge resort fees. So just be careful of that cuz it can considerably bump up the cost of your per night price of your hotel. Eliza is asking, "What's the weather like?" Well, right now you may even be able to hear that rain. This is absolutely a massive heavy downpour thunderstorm going on right now. Um, we haven't had loads of rain though in fairness. We had a little bit at the beginning of the trip, a couple of showers. This time of year, you do get a lot of rain, a lot of thunderstorms, sometimes even hurricanes and stuff. This is the time of year for it. But mostly it has been quite hot the last few days. What I'm used to for September, I would say, cuz it really can be quite hot still in September. But I would say actually the first four, five days of the trip, so the first half, we did have some days or evenings especially that were quite cool. When we were watching the Starlight Parade in the Magic Kingdom for example, there was such a cool breeze. It actually did feel almost bordering on like chilly, dare I say it. I would didn't find it chilly, but some people probably would have done. So yeah, there has been a couple of random little cooler evenings, but generally speaking, quite hot and some showers, which is typical for this time of year. How was Beacon Barrel? So, I can tell you about this now. In last week's episode, I couldn't because I still hadn't done it, but we actually did that this morning. It was absolutely brilliant. I will say I knew it was going to be good. I hadn't really looked into it too much or watched too many people's things on Instagram or YouTube. I wanted to experience it for myself. It really was fun. It definitely does feel like a pirates tavern. You've got some people standing, some sitting, so be aware of that when you do have a reservation. And there is no guarantee of seating. It's just such a fun atmosphere. There was like random things going on, some singing going on. Our server Diaz was absolutely brilliant. Like he was so in character. He made the experience what it was. I cannot say enough about him. He was absolutely great. Um yeah, we really really enjoyed it. Pink Magnolia Tree is saying, "Do you make room requests? I'd like to get a super quiet room for a solo allstar sports day." Um I actually don't very often make room requests. Very occasionally I would, but usually I just take pot luck and see where I end up. If you're in a preferred room, you are going to be in one of those closer buildings to the lobby. Those I would say are not going to be the quietest though, um, because you will have just a lot of people walking through, walking past cuz they are the closest to the lobby. So really, if you want quiet, I would request the area at Allstar Sports where the tennis area is at the back. I'm not sure what building number that is, but it's like the tennis section. I would say it's probably quite quiet back there. And if you actually mention that you are looking for somewhere quieter, they'll probably put you like around the back where the main walkway kind of isn't there, if that makes any sense. And then you won't get people walking by as much. Maybe go for an upper floor as well rather than a ground floor, cuz then you'll get less people walking by than you would on the ground. Just do a couple more while I'm sat here. Oh my gosh. I don't know if you guys will have seen that. That was a massive flash of lightning. I am going to probably get an Uber back to Allstar Sports after this cuz I need to go back and pack um because we are going home tomorrow and I'm just waiting to see if this rainies is off. Obviously, I'll be finding the Uber. But walking from the Uber to my room, I don't want to get soaked. It's just nice and cozy in here. I don't really want to move. Jazzy is asking any plans to visit any of the Asia parks soon. I do really Oh, someone's just opened the door. Can you hear that? That is so loud. That is some heavy rain. Um, any plans to visit any of the Asia parks soon? Yes, I really, really want to go back to Tokyo, Disney. I'd like to do them all. So, I'd like to do Shanghai and Hong Kong as well. Um, me and Paul definitely want to go out and see my brother in South Korea. He actually met my brother this summer and they got on really well and really liked each other. We want to go out there and see my brother and his wife. And if we do that, we definitely would then go over to Tokyo because it's like a two-hour plane ride and it would seem crazy not to when we're going that far. Um, so Tokyo will probably be the next one that we'll do again. And it was 2018 that I went, so it has been quite a while. I really, really can't wait to do it again. We only had a couple of days. Next time I would go for slightly longer, so we had maybe 2 days in each park. That would be ideal because we were a bit rushed last time. They've now got Fantasy Springs and all of the new stuff. So, definitely Tokyo Disney. Maybe next year. I would love to do that. Okay, I'll do a couple more and then Cla and I will do the rest tomorrow on our going home day cuz there are a lot of questions here that you guys asked Cla or ones that I just know would be good for both of us to answer. Hannah is asking what would be the best character dining with an infant. I think probably Crystal Palace. I would say um I just really think that they would probably love the Winnie the Pooh characters. They're just so cute. And Magic Kingdom is a park as well that young children would really really enjoy. And I just Yeah, I could see that that would be really nice. So, I think probably I would say Crystal Palace. They're all really good. Some of them are a little bit more hectic than others, though. So, I would maybe try and go to Crystal Palace and go around 2 2:30 p.m. I think that'd be a really nice experience for little children. Someone is asking here, will I go to Disney with my mom again? I would love to do another Disney trip with my mom, and I know that she would really like to come back as well. So, that's something that we've got in the planning. We're definitely trying to figure out getting my mom to come again. She loved it so much, and I know she'd love to do another trip. K Dreaming is saying, "Have you been able to see any of the new lands being built at Magic Kingdom? Can you see any progress?" You can't really see an awful lot yet. In one of the vlogs that will have already happened, it was probably our very first day actually in the Magic Kingdom. So the first vlog from this trip, we did kind of go by where Liberty Bell was and we could see that the Liberty Bell has gone and you could see the kind of track where it would have gone around. I guess just clearing kind of progress, but you really can't see anything happening just yet in terms of construction. I'm sure big walls will be going up there soon, so you can't really see anything, but you will have seen what there is to see in the first vlog because we did take a look at that. Before I leave the boardwalk though, I have to show you the creepiest chairs in Walt Disney World. They are quite literally part of the furniture at the boardwalk and have been for so many years. So, they're creepy, but we love them. I will just show you this rain. Look at this. Look at it pouring from the roof there. It's completely soaked the grass over there and people are like winging through it. Just give you a last look at this resort though. It's so beautiful. Oh, I love it. The water over there, just underneath the helmet, it's flooded. That's normally the way that I would go in. Let's go around this way to try and get to the lift. That shows you how much it's rained and my shoes are squeaking. Look, you can see it better here. It's like a lake. I am back at the room now. I made it back without having to swim. You would not believe honestly like the ground everywhere was just so wet. When I was seeing those people running through the boardwalk like coming up to the hotel, there was just water like sloshing everywhere and you saw like the flooded bit where the football helmet is at this hotel. Cla said when she came back that had actually dispersed a little bit. It wasn't quite as bad as that, was it? No. So, it had obviously drained. We've been back a while now. Uh we've packed almost everything. So, there are a few bits still to put in in the morning. I'm really hoping my luggage is not going to be too overweight. Um, Cla might have a bit of weight limit left in hers. So, when we get to the airport, we'll just have to see what happens. Mine is not about space. It is just about the actual weight of it. Um, but it's been a nice last day today. I feel like it started very early, so Beacon Barrel feels like feels like that could be a different day even. But, it was nice to do that. I've been really really wanting to experience that since I saw that it was opening and it was great. I've got my pajamas on. This is actually a t-shirt I got in the outlets. Look, it's the um Disney Eats range and it's got all the snacks like in a Mickey head design. I'm not 100% sure whether this will be the end of the vlog or whether it will roll into tomorrow. Tomorrow getting sorted out to go home. We're going to be going to Disney Springs, eating at Homecoming. We will be going to World of Disney because I need to get a couple of gifts and things for people. But thanks for watching so far, but stay tuned because there will be more. [Music] Our last meal of the trip. It's really cool in here. I do love it. This is a very popular restaurant here at Disney Springs. [Music]
