---
video_id: kYJEqAf0YGk
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party 2025 🎃 Walt Disney World vlog"
published: 2025-10-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYJEqAf0YGk
---
I I [Music] take me home today. Take me out to take me back into sweet. Good morning everyone and welcome to a brand new Disney in Detail vlog. And you probably can't see my outfit very well. Got my bag across my front, but I've got my Halloween t-shirt on because today we are off to Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween Party. I absolutely love the Halloween and Christmas parties in the Magic Kingdom. Cla is really excited, too. She loved the Halloween party last year. She's already over in the lobby because she's been having a wander around the resort just while I was finishing getting ready. We've had a later start this morning because the party goes on till quite late. We likely might be there till like 1:00 a.m. or something. So, we didn't want to get started too early cuz that would be a long day. And before we start the party, we are going to be eating at Crystal Palace with the Winnie the Pooh characters. I've done that before. So is Claire actually with her family. Um me and Catherine absolutely loved it. It's such a fun experience and we loved Tuska House yesterday. So really looking forward to that too. So loads to come in this vlog. We're just going to head into Town Square Theater because there is a shop inside here and there's the secret ear shop which is quite hidden away. And also this guy got to come and see Mr. Toad. I mean the shop back here is not totally hidden but it is kind of not necessarily common knowledge that it exists. It's huge. enormous shop. Yeah. Oh, it's the orange bird hat. How hot would that be, though? Oh my gosh. Yeah. This is wearing at maybe Disneyland Paris in the winter. Yeah. Or in January when I was here in Disney World. That would have actually been quite nice. There was a day in Epcot that was properly freezing. That's so funny. [Laughter] There we go. Nice. Yeah. I definitely don't want to be walking around outside in this. They also have HeiiHi. I reckon that would be really funny as well. Cla's thinking about this. I want a classic t-shirt really at some point. But yeah, I think there's going to be one item of clothing I buy. So, I'm kind of debating between a few things. Yeah, I'm at the moment the front runner for me is the Inside Out sweatshirt that we saw at Disney Springs last night. But this is why I like to keep looking cuz you might see something else. Yeah, they actually have a lot of stuff in here. all the Halloween apparel, a lot of the other Halloween items, and the Main Street Emporium is always very busy. So, if you are looking for ears, hats, or the seasonal apparel, and some of the classic stuff, too, I would come in here and look first because this is so much more of a relaxing experience than when you are in the emporium. Look at this. Oh my gosh, how cute. The little haunted mansion one as well. Look, look at the little trousers. Yeah, they are cute. Oh my goodness. Oh, and what's underneath? Oh, is it like a little Oh, it's a hat. Oh my gosh, the hat. That's so cute. Yeah, that is very cute. Looks like everyone is gathering for the Festival of Fantasy Parade. I think we're going to go and grab a drink and we might see some of it as it goes by. If you want to see a video of like the full parade or most of it, I have a really good one when we just stood kind of high up over there from a previous trip. So, I'll link that blog below. Oh, the smell that is coming out of the confectionary. It's so good. I can hear it starting. So, we're going to grab our drink and we might be able to catch a little bit of it. What should I have today is the question. I may potentially have like a frappuccino. That sounds quite nice. With some coffee in it, obviously. There goes the dragon. I'm still in here getting the coffee. We have got our drinks. And this is really overloaded as well. It was coming out the top and everything. Like loads of cream. this mocka cookie crumble um frappuccino. You have to ask for it. It's not on the menu, but most of the places do still do it. And it is so good. And you can get it with or without coffee. Obviously, I get it with Oh my gosh, that is so good. It's like a dessert though. And we are eating soon. And we just ran into Paul and Paul. So, hi to you guys. It's lovely to chat to you. And you also told me to say hi to Paul. So, easy to remember. We love meeting you guys. And already we've met some people this morning. And I'm sure a lot of you will be at the Halloween party tonight as well. And Cla has got the um it was called something different on the menu, but it is the drink that you like, isn't it? It was iced pumpkin chai latte. So it was an easier name, but it is basically the same as what it was what you had last year. Yeah. But she did say cuz I was asking her about the drinks and she says they never know like what's coming back from a previous year cuz I said about the chestnut pralien latte which is my favorite and she said we never really know. It might do, it might not. Yeah. So, November, they may have it. It's been my favorite for years. The parade has now finished. Actually, the whole time the parade was on, it took us to get our coffees. So, we didn't see it today, but we may see it another day. But, like I said, I will link that video below and you can see a really good view of it. It's time for our reservation at Crystal Palace. I'll see you guys. A poo bear. [Music] Poo. [Music] Thank you. Oh, you got a kiss as well. Thank you. But I give you a kiss, too. A I love it here so much. It's really, really fun. I think out of the two, the one we did yesterday and the one we did today, I do love Tusker House the most. I think what it is is like the way that Goofy and Donald and everybody was, it's just a little bit more like fun and bouncy, high energy. Yeah. So, I mean, out of all of these, like Tiger is probably the most energetic and obviously Eeyore is not like I've actually felt like I wanted to cry when I saw Eeyore cuz he's just so sad. But yeah, the Tuska House is a bit more high energy and I feel like you see the characters more Tuska House. So, we have seen the characters more than once since we've been here, but as we've been here, look who's here. Hi, Piglet. We were just talking about you. In a good way. In a good way. Don't worry. So full up now, though. We've had too much. Yeah. I can't even manage pudding. No. No. I am so full, but I have enjoyed all of it. Yay. Oh, it's so nice to see you. Bye. Hi, baby. So, we have seen the characters multiple times and we sort of took photos with them the first time and then they still come around and we said hi to them again every single time. I was just talking to Paul on FaceTime and he got to say hi to Eeyore as well which is really cool. So it is an amazing experience and the food here I would say I like as I probably liked the stuff yesterday a tiny bit more. Yeah. Um but I love here as well. Like I actually when I did 1900 park fair I really enjoyed the food there as well. So the buffet restaurants I do really like the food. So here I had like Oh my goodness me. Yeah. Here I've um had I had some salad again. I know it seems a bit boring to have salad and actually Victoria always says that she's having salad, doesn't she? Like in all of her other vlogs and I think come on Victoria, I'm more than salad. But I do but like well I do really like salad but I think it's because like so much other food is so rich and you're having like the sweet treats and things. So salad sometimes you you're just craving healthy goodness in your body and and there's like such a range of salad stuff and like pastury salads and potato salads and couscous and things. It's really really tasty. Yeah, everything I had was actually really nice. Yeah, I just can't manage pudding, which is a bit of a shame. Yeah, I'm too cool for that. Yeah, the food really is quite good at all of the buffets that I've been to. I don't really think there's any that I haven't liked the food. When I went to Chef Mickey's, I didn't overly enjoy the experience, but the food was actually nice, to be fair. So, yeah, food wise, really good. It is more pricey than going to another restaurant by the plaza or something across the way, but the characters are really, really cute. It's so nice interacting with them, taking photos. The kind of setting in here as well is really beautiful. So, I would definitely recommend it. If you were only going to do one though, I would probably do Tuska House. Unless you specifically really love the Winnie the Pooh characters, then definitely I would do here. Yeah. On my first trip, we did come and do this because I love the 100 Acre. And then on our second trip, we were going to do Tuska House. Obviously, it just didn't work. But this is great. And I was showing Victoria a little video of my children, and they absolutely loved it. They were doing the conga around um the Crystal Palace with I think it was with Tiger and Pooh and yeah, so many children joined in. It is great fun. Yeah. And just for me as well cuz I've obviously known Cla for years and years and years before she had the children. Now that they're teenagers and they're older, it was so cute seeing this little video of the two of them when Cla first came here. Um I loved that. Like actually seeing them in here in Crystal Palace. You also don't feel rushed. So there's no need to like feel rushed. that never happens. Overall, a great experience. And it's really nice to do something like this before the party cuz when the party begins, there is a lot going on then. You're going from place to place, maybe trying to do character meet and greets, going around trick-or-treating and fireworks, parades. Like, there's a lot happening. So, it's quite nice to do something like this very chilled to start off your time at the party. And like I said, we did this at 3. Sorry if the camera is wobbling, by the way. It's a very wobbly table. It's nice to do something like this before it gets going because it is quite a full-on evening doing the party. But we're very excited for it. Once we get out of here, we're going to go and get our wristbands and everything and kind of get thinking about what we want to do first. I always do the later parade. Um, so I watch the fireworks and then I stay in the same spot usually then for the parade and then once the parade finishes, the that's the second parade by the way. Um, then I watch the Sanderson Sisters show and I always do it in that format and it works really well. There is a parade earlier in the evening, but it's very busy because then a lot of families with younger children will watch that one and then leave. So, I always do the second parade. But, yeah, we're really excited for it. I think the weather is going to hold off. Um, I don't think there's going to be any more rain. Fingers crossed for us. I don't know if you could see my t-shirt properly earlier, but this is the one I have. So, it's like a mini, but it's got all the different Halloweeny elements on it. So, I love this. There you are. See? And there's my little girl. She's bouncing around. Very happy to see you. And that's my son coming along as well. There you go. They're joining you going around. A isn't it nice. So yeah, I will remember that forever. A thank you so much. Oh, we love you. Thank you. So, we're just getting ready to leave and it is raining quite heavily. So, we're going to have to get the umbrellas out and fingers crossed that it doesn't keep up. And also, one thing I've observed here, they used to have the characters going around in a little parade. Um, that's what Cla was showing to Pooh Bear of her children doing the little conga thing around the restaurant. They haven't done that this time and they did it when me and Catherine were here. So, I don't know if that's something they just haven't done today or whether that's gone away, but it was quite cute when they used to do that and the characters had little flags and stuff. So, I don't know why that didn't happen, but I thought that was just worth mentioning. So, we're going to get going now. Even though it's raining, we're going to go and get our wristbands, the wristband collection areas. You can either go to Adventureland by Tortuga Tavern or Mickey's Filhar Magic or over by Monsters Inc. Love Floor. That's if you're already in the park before the party begins. If you are coming in with just a Halloween party ticket, you'll be given your wristband upon entering the park. But if you're already in the park, those are places that you can go to get it. And then hopefully by the time it comes to fireworks, parades, the stage show, and things like that later in the evening, the rain might have stopped. Hopefully. Just picked up our wristbands. Cla's sporting hers. We've got our little bag there for our trick-or-treating and everything. And it has the map inside. And I've noticed it's also got some like M&M's in there as well. Purple M&M getting us going on the trick-or-treating. And we are going to go back to Main Street to get the pin, but we're just going to do Pirates. It's 15 minutes. It's raining as you can see. So, we thought this would be a good time to just go into a ride and then we'll walk back that way. Hopefully, the rain will lease off and hopefully we won't get splashed by the cannons. No, cuz then we'll be soaked anyway. So, and it's 6:00 on the dot at the moment and the cast member was asking to see everybody's wristband to come into the ride. So, the park officially closes at 6:00 to guests who don't have a ticket and they obviously are very on it with making sure nobody slips through to get on the rides after 6:00 p.m. So, that's worth knowing. If you are here just for the day, you will have to be kind of done with getting on rides by 6. That's actually pretty good. This is a clear run for doing the pirate dance if ever there was one. I do love the queueing area and all the little details. We're in Cannonball territory and we're sitting in the middle of the boat hoping to avoid it. [Music] It got my hand a little bit, but that wasn't too bad. That wasn't too bad. [Laughter] That one was unexpected. [Music] A hand for a 10. I'll give you 20 for the wrong. [Music] I do love this. You can get Pluto with the keys in his mouth. A which is really cute. Yeah. Blow the dog at the end. But it's our Pluto instead. Just in the line for the party merchandise. And there is a bit of a queue here, but it's not too bad. You can see the spirit jersey there. It's like a pale purple color this year. Says boo to you on the back. And these are the ears. You got Dracula Mickey on one side and the castle on the other. They have this shirt as well. I actually really like that one. Some of these pins have already sold out. Let's see what this one is. That's specifically the villain spectacular. spelltacular, I should say. Or this one. I think I'm going to get this one with the gravedigger on. I like that. They have this mug, which I'm assuming this is a mug, but it doesn't actually have a handle. It has at wings. Mickey's not So scary 2025. It is pretty neat. I really like the design, but I don't know. Would that be weird to drink out of? Or would you have soup out of it or something? Maybe. Then they have this, which I'm guessing is like a trick or treat thing, you know, like a bag. It's 7:00 p.m. So, the party is now starting as you can tell from the music. We'll just be taking a few photos and we're going to be going over this way. When you come to the party, they will filter you down this backstage area, which is not normally an area that's open. It's just to make sure everybody gets into the park and the daytime guests come out of the park. The rain has eased off for now, thank goodness. So, we will see what happens. There is some blue sky up there, so we're hopeful that we're not going to have rain all evening. It has showered quite heavily a few times, but that has been the case this week and last week for the parties. It has been quite rainy, so it just is what it is. This time of year, you can never ever guarantee good weather. It's rainy season, so you know, it's pretty much every day at some point or another. And here in Town Square Theater is where you can meet Jack and Sally. This is one of the biggest meet and greets of the evening. And it's currently 65 minutes. So, this is right at the beginning of the party, like 7:15, and it's 65 minutes. That probably will stay quite consistent, I would think. The other big meet and greet that you have is the Winnie the Pooh characters in their Halloween costumes. That's over by the Winnie the Pooh ride. If we go past there, I will show you. I have done that one before and it was about the same. I think I waited about an hour at the beginning of the party. So, that's kind of what you can expect for these very special meet and greets. Yeah, this area would normally be closed off. You're ready to party. I can tell they have someone meeting and greeting this year. Trick or treat with those jerseys on. Hi, welcome. Did you have fun celebrating tonight? [Music] Thank you so much. Thank you. Green tricks and orange shriers. Skittles. Say hi, Megan Cleo. Hi, Megan Cleo. Hey, you folks walking up front didn't say Maggie Cleo. You got to say Maggie Cleo. Maggan Cleo. Incredible man. Everybody, welcome aboard the people mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Oric 5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. The Rima [Music] right is the astral orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. [Music] Got a dance party going on over here. The dance floor is open and my squad is down there with you. So, be sure to show off those amazing dance moves. Claire has gone to Ryron because it's only a 35minute wait at the moment, which is pretty low, but I'm going to stay around here, do some filming of some of the party stuff. So, I'm going to go into Auntie Gravity's cuz I know they've got some of the Halloween snacks in there. I'm going to take a look at the leaflet in a second and we can see if there's any other Halloween snacks that we need to check out. Some of these snack items are available during the parties and during the daytime as well. Some of them are specific. They have a cauldron cold brew which is Joffrey's coffee, pumpkin spice foam and Halloween sprinkles. A candy bowl sundae and that's salted caramel soft serve with all kinds of different candy on top. Then also in here just the regular stuff. They got churros, salted caramel cold brew floats, other types of floats. So, your choice of assorted fountain beverage with soft serving. So, I don't think I'm going to get any of that today. I'm going to look in the leaflet in a second and see what other snacks they have. Let's take a walk through Star Traders as well cuz they do have some Halloween stuff here. I saw this bag earlier in the Emporium actually and I didn't get chance to show it to you cuz it was so busy. And on the strap, it says Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party. And then you got Dracula, Mickey, and the castle. That's actually pretty neat. And it is kind of big. Like, I don't know if you can kind of see. I think you'd get quite a lot in there. I think I see some ears over here that I've never seen before. These fluffy ones. And they've got tiny little hearts on the bow there. Then they have the Cruella Deville fluffy ones. We've seen those before. I'm not 100% sure I've seen these Monsters Inc. ones. They're actually really funny. The Tomorrowland Loungefly bag is actually really nice. I saw this Spirit jersey last time I was here. I think that's really nice. And they have this pink one which is more princessy themed. I love this Loungefly bag. I've been eyeing a very similar one for quite some time, but this one is slightly different. Oh my gosh, look at this Pluto sweatshirt. Love that. And there's a villain's hoodie here. This is nice. I haven't seen this mug before. I often find that here in Star Traders, they do have a few things that you don't always see anywhere else. So, if you like to hunt down merchandise that's new, here is a good place to come. And I know during the Christmas party, the teacup ride has an overlay. I'm not sure if it does for the Halloween party. So, let's get a bit closer and we can see if it's the same or if they have like spooky music for this one. I love the kind of spooky colors in the trees. And look down here. Got the trees and the queen is out here doing a meet and greet. And you also had the Mad Hatter over here. One of the biggest character meet and greets of the night is just over here and that's the Winnie the Pooh characters that I was telling you about earlier. This is the end of the line just back here. So, it is kind of a long line. I will put in a photo or a little bit of footage or something of last time I did meet the characters. And when I was just walking past this a minute ago, it did appear that the lighting looked different. So, I'm just going to wait for the next cycle to go around and we can see whether there's any different music. [Applause] [Music] So, it does have a special overlay for the party. That's really neat. I love that they do that on that attraction because it's not a big ticket attraction or anything, but then during the party nights, it's fun to ride it cuz it's a little bit different. I'm just going to find somewhere to sit down and take a proper look at the leaflet cuz I haven't done that yet. and I'll be able to see what snack I might want to get because I do feel a snack coming on and double check the timing of the parades and the fireworks and everything to make sure I'm in the right place at the right time. During the party, Mickey's Filha Magic is another treat station. I am going to go in because last time they were showing and Mr. Toad on the big screen in there. So, I just want to see if they've got anything like that this time. Oh, Donald is over here in his super cute pumpkin outfit. Stop by only. Please do not stop and hold up the line. Okay, let's see if they are showing anything interesting in here. They are showing it. I'm going to sit here and read my leaflets and take in a little bit of this while I'm here. Who's the owner of that uh looking car? I love Mr. Toad. Okay, I'm going to read this to you guys while we're sat here cuz there's nobody around me so it won't bother anyone. The Boutie Parade is on at 8:15 and 11:15. So, we're hoping to see the 11:15 one. the show at the castle. The latest one is midnight. So, we're going to see that one at midnight. And the fireworks are at 1000 p.m. So, that's the first thing that I need to get in position for later. It does mention the specialty food and beverage, but they don't have all of the items on here. There's just a few highlights. Just over here by the Rapunzel restrooms, and this is where you can get the lantern photo. A lot of you will have seen this before. Someone's having it taken here now. There is always a long line for it, though. I am just going to see what the wait time is for the mansion because it almost seems wrong not to on a Halloween party night. If it's a very long line, then I won't because I've obviously done it lots of times before and I would imagine it is quite popular on these party nights. I love the spooky mist going on here. It is a 30 minute wait. I think I won't because I do want to get in position in time for the fireworks and have a snack before then. And you guys have seen the haunted mansion lots of times. I would say the parade has just finished and this is what's going on here. probably wasn't a good idea to come this way. One thing I'm noticing about this party over others is how busy it is. It is pretty extremely busy compared to what I'm used to. The parade has just kind of finished, but the trick or treat line is all the way back there past Liberty Tree Tavern. I don't know whether they've sold more tickets this year. Maybe I've happened to go on quieter days, but yeah, it is super super busy. I can woo woo woo. Then I can woo woo wahoo for the rest of my days. [Applause] Woohoo. [Music] [Applause] I betray to you till we [Music] I came in here to see if there was anything going on. There isn't really on the stage or anything. It is just a trick or treat station. Look who we've got now. It's the hitchhiking ghosts. I love this. [Music] Aloha is open during the party so that you can get your doll whip fix. And we've got Aladdin meeting and greeting over here. [Music] This is Halloween. This is a night we've all ever seen. When the villains and the heroes party with the king I'm just heading over to Golden Oak Outpost because I believe they have the beignes from beyond which are special Halloween party beignetes. And I think those are exclusive to the party. So that's the stack I've decided to go for. Hopefully they still have some. There's a pretty long line here. So the beignes are obviously popular. There's the picture of them and they do have Tiana's famous bees which are just the regular ones. I feel like my hair is just growing by the second. I'm not normally affected by humidity with my hair. It normally just stays straight. But even mine is going crazy and getting really bushy. So that just goes to show how humid it is. I'm here in Pico's Bill. If you're wondering where Cla is, she was riding Tron and I think she's gone to write Tiana's afterwards before watching the fireworks. I tend to skip things like that during the parties because I just like to show you as much party specific stuff as I can. So, I don't tend to do a lot of the rides. People mover like has no line, but anything that has a line, I tend to leave that for other days when I'm in the parks. I brought my beignet in here and I'm going to have these and by the time I've done that, it's going to be time for the fireworks. And Cla and I have decided to do what we did last time and show you two different perspectives to watch the fireworks. One thing that I've realized this evening because it's so crowded even in here other nights that I've done these parties whether it's being Halloween or Christmas. If I come in here around this time there's virtually nobody in here and almost every single table is taken. It's really really busy. And when you're watching fireworks and stuff I know there's a lot of people who struggle with really having a lot of crowds and a lot of people around you. For me I actually struggle myself with that for a slightly different reason. My balance is not very good. So when I have a lot of people around me, I do feel nervous about being bumped or knocked into because my balance is bad. So I actually do prefer to watch the fireworks from somewhere where I'm not going to be in too much of a crowd. I know for some people you find it uncomfortable or nerve-wracking for other reasons. So I just like to show a different perspective that you can still enjoy the fireworks without being in those crowds. So Cla's going to watch from in front of the castle and take a little bit of footage of that. I'm going to watch from behind the castle. Normally I sit around where the diamond horseshoe is or kind of around where Phil her magic is. So I'm going to see which spot I decide to go for and we'll show you the fireworks from both of those. Then we are going to reconvene for the parade. I'm going to eat these beignes and then go and get into position for that. You actually get three of the beignes and it's got powdered sugar on top and then they sprinkle some little Halloween pumpkins and little decor things on top. And also there is a dip which I think is like a cookie cream dip almost I guess like an Oreo or something. They do have some Haunted Mansion beignes at the moment over at Portal's French Quarter. Those beignes over there are top tier. If you ever want to try bees, I would recommend you go to French Quarter cuz the ones there are so good and their special Halloween ones are Mickey shakes and I think they've got like other stuff on top. This is the kind of size and you get three like that. And you actually could have had this as a snack credit as well if you're just paying for them. They're $8.79. I bought a bottle of water as well, so my total was 13 36. Yeah, they're $8.79 plus tax basically if you're paying for them. Oh my gosh, that just smells like buttercream frosting. The dip is basically buttercream frosting and I'm not mad about it. The actual beignetes themselves, they are a little drier than the ones over at French Quarter. So, I would say these aren't quite as good, but they are still really nice. They are very, very messy. The ones over at French Quarter, I feel like they're more almost like a donut. These ones are kind of like hollow inside and just a little bit harder. I'm getting powdered sugar everywhere. I think I'm going to need to lean forward. Oh my gosh, it's on my bag and everything. They are good. I don't know that I would get them again though because I really love the ones over our French Quarter. So, I think if I was going to get beignetes, I would just go over there to get them. But these are nice. I am in position for the fireworks literally right here at the Diamond Horseshoe. This is a spot that I've sat in a lot of times before for various different fireworks, either just the normal ones, Halloween ones, Christmas ones. I always find this quite good. You can just kind of look straight over and see all of the main big fireworks. And actually, I think I might stay here for the parade and just snag a spot straight away after the fireworks are done. If you do want a good spot for the parade, you really do need to grab it quite early. Um, otherwise you will end up like several people behind and it can then be a bit difficult to see. So yeah, I would recommend it if you really want to see the parade clearly to try and grab a spot quite early on. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] your diamond. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] to [Music] [Music] head. Right. [Music] [Laughter] We are in position for the parade right by this pillar here. This is outside the diamond horseshoe. You can see how many people are already in position and there's still 35 minutes until the break. So, so busy. Yeah, this is busier than last year, isn't it? Totally. Compared to last year, I like I mean, obviously when I walked down to try and find you when you were here, I couldn't get through. But the it was only like one line at the fence, so I could see. I just couldn't see perfectly. But like even the fireworks earlier when I was stood by the cast I couldn't believe it when I walked up there. Like, it was absolutely jam-packed. Whereas last year, I just kind of walked in, found a good spot, and that was it. Yeah. Excuse the lighting, cuz there is a green light that keeps coming in and out. Um, yeah, I've been doing this event for 16 years. Is that right? My gosh. Yeah, 16 years. And this is one of the busiest I've ever seen it. It really is. Like, when I was watching the fireworks, I was amazed at how many people weren't actually watching. They were just like walking around. And then while we've been stood here for um waiting for the parade, the candy thing behind me at the Diamond Horseshoe has had a massive line. Um that just isn't normally the case at this point in the night. But the weird thing me and CLA were saying, it did say sold out last year, didn't it, while we were here? Yeah, it really did. And then tonight says sold out, but this is like so much busier. So maybe they've sold a lot more tickets this year. They must have done no way that it can be this different. No. Yeah. I have just heard that the Headless Horseman didn't go earlier because of the rain in the earlier parade. I guess it was because of the rain. So that would explain why a lot of people have waited until this second one. But yeah, we are going to get to see the Headless Horseman this time. So that's exciting. It really is a highlight of this parade. I love it. Beware, the Headless Horseman is here. [Music] [Applause] to la. [Music] [Music] [Music] to hope you're having a good time. It's not so scary. Wow, you look terrific. It's really not so scary. [Music] I look like Captain [Music] Happy [Music] Yo, [Music] no. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] That's right. You [Music] and you and you. Happy Halloween. [Music] [Music] my brother [Music] [Music] tickle twinkle. Give me something [Music] [Music] for everybody. [Music] This is my very [Music] [Music] [Applause] in my life from [Music] [Applause] [Music] As Halloween [Music] this is inside the diamond horseshoe just to show you what it looks like in here. [Music] That is so [Music] Hello ladies in the show with me. A man and who are you? A tip of the hat from the one and only Dr. Pastier, also known as the shadow realm. [Music] My my another party to which I wasn't invited. Magnificent, your excellency, if you would help us with the last ingredient. And that would be sprinkle bread. Sprinkle. Your legends. We invited and compelled here a slithering snake with a sorcerer's power to give us a Time to party. [Applause] I'm a lady. I'll be a lady. Christmas and I [Music] you strong [Music] I [Music] baby. [Music] [Music] Well, you can see we are in our little spot or my favorite little spot. This is off the side of Main Street and there is quite loud music, but we're hoping because we've got the microphones that you might still be able to hear us. So, fingers crossed. Hopefully, fingers crossed there's no copyright issues. If there is, I'll have to deal with that. That's a problem for future me. We thought we'd do a little roundup while we're here because everyone is heading for the buses and we didn't want to necessarily deal with that very initial. everybody else go off. And it means that we're obviously a little bit later, but that's way better to just get on the bus and go. Yeah, we don't want to. We're so like stiff at this point from walking. We don't want to stand up. And it's now looking 12:40. Yeah. Yeah. 12:40 a.m. So that is kind of the time that I say 12:30 really is the last show has finished, the stage show, and you're yawning and then you know that's why you're so tired. Um, so we just wanted to basically talk about the party cuz everybody always says to me, "Is it worth it? Should we do it?" And all of that kind of thing. So the first thing, which I've mentioned several times already, it was way busier. Yeah, it was crazy busier than like compared to last year. I don't think that meant that I wouldn't have wanted to have done it though. No, I didn't find there were only a couple of moments that I found it a little bit much and that was literally when the first parade had finished and everyone was like dispersing. I did get a bit snalled up in that, but I mean that is something that can happen to you when Festival of Fantasy finishes. Yeah. So, that's not really an issue. The other time that it was a little bit um like you kind of felt like you were going to be a bit squashed was you were stood waiting after the fireworks had finished. You were kind of in your little spot trying to keep the place. And I came up and met Victoria and then it was right by what was it? The Diamond Horseshoe. Yeah. Right in front of there. and the people were queuing in there to do their trick or treat and like pick up their candy and literally everyone was walking behind us and you sort of felt like you were going to be trampled at one point. So, but that you said you've literally never seen it that busy going in to for people to pick up their candy. So, you didn't expect it? No. Oh, my hair is like turning into a triangle. Sorry, I've just looked how fluffy it is. This the fluffiest hair I've ever had. Yeah. The only times I have seen big cues for candy is normally when the party first begins. So, people do come in and you will see those lines for the candy. That is fairly typical, but I've never seen those massive lines later in the night. Usually after the fireworks, no, never. Normally after the fireworks, if you go to any of the trick-or- treat stations, then there will be people there, but you just walk through. Whereas, there was still cues for things like that, like after fireworks, wasn't there? And and after the parade. Yeah, even after the second parade. So definitely it was busier. The parade was amazing as always. And the Headless Horseman didn't go the first time, but he did the second. So we saw that and it was great. Absolutely loved it. Yeah, it was really, really good. I mean, and and I loved it that we had that good spot at the front cuz then you could completely see everything. The ones that I like the most are the the guys with the Yeah. that are like scratching on the floor and then the dancers from Haunted Mansion. as well. I mean, I'm sure there was others as well that were really good, but those are the two that stick in my head. And then obviously the fireworks. I mean, I was watching it like front on and they were so good. I remember that from last year. They're amazing. And then just at the end like having a dance around. It's so good. So, I mean when what I always say about this event, it really for me everything that's great about it is right at the end. So 1000 p.m. onwards. So you've got fireworks, then parade, then I always watch the last stage show. You can of course watch the stage show earlier than that. Um but the fireworks and the stage show plays earlier as well. Yeah, there's several several of them throughout the night. That same one same one. Yeah, yeah, that runs maybe three or four times throughout the party. So that you can see earlier, but the fireworks in the parade or parades are the times that are obviously set. You can see the earlier parade, but generally speaking, that's a lot busier. The beignetes that I had were nice, but I probably wouldn't get them again. They were nowhere near as good as ones from French Quarter, so that was just okay. There were a lot of snacks that you could have had, though. They had lots of the quick services. Lots of the kiosks had different snacks that you could have had. There's never enough time to kind of get round to all the snacks. And Well, there's never enough time to do everything in Disney ever. No. No. But if you did like two character meet and greets, that would be 2 hours gone. So say the party starts at 7:00, you could get to 9:00 p.m. and do two character meet greets and then it's obviously 9:00. If you wanted to do a little bit of trick-or-treating and get a snack, that could easily take you then to the firework time. Yeah. Then it's the Do you know what I mean? What it's just so hard to do everything. Another thing that was different, we went to get a hot chocolate or I was going to probably get a coffee from Starbucks. Last time I when I've been here for the Christmas parties as well after I've watched the stage show, I have been able to go into Starbucks and this time they were closed. So, there wasn't anywhere to then get a drink after that. So, just bear that in mind as well. Have you got Yeah, I think so. Oh, no. Overall, I would say how I feel about this party. I've been going to this event, like I said earlier, for 16 years now. most years for the last 16 years I've done it. And if I was coming on holiday and I came out to Florida every year, I probably wouldn't do it every year. I might do it every other or every third year. I do it every year because I want to be able to show you guys and let you know what I think if there's anything new and all of that sort of thing. So, I do do it every year for that reason and the Christmas one if I'm here at that time. But probably if I was on holiday, I would do it every other third year. Yeah. You don't have to do it every year. I feel like I preferred it last year, but that might be because I'd never seen it before, so it's just super exciting to see it. But I think also um the crowds like it was it definitely was busier this year than it was last year. And I don't really understand why, like we said, cuz it was they said it was um sold out last year, but it was way quieter. Yeah, definitely. So, I don't understand. And also I do think the rain at the beginning of the evening. Yeah, that's true. So when we got out of Crystal Palace, I will be honest, it was raining so much that period of time where we were getting our um wristbands and trying to figure out what to do, it was kind of putting a dampener on the mood a little bit. Yeah. Because it was raining so much. Yeah. I mean, there's nothing like nothing can be done about that. That's not like Disney's fault, is it? No. I will say though, if you get totally rained off on one of these parties, it is going to spoil it a little bit. Sometimes you can speak to Disney and see if they can do anything about it. I did get rained off at a Christmas party a few years back. Um, if you remember that one, you'll remember it cuz it was honestly ridiculous. Like I it was just raining the whole time. I didn't bother getting a refund because like I say, I kind of do these things for showing them in the vlogs. But if I had have been on holiday and that happened, it would have felt like such a bummer. And the Christmas party is even more expensive than the Halloween one. So, you can't predict the weather, but especially not at this time of year, you do get a lot of rain. So, it is one of those things. You are kind of taking a bit of a chance there. But, I do feel like if it rained the whole night, I would have been gutted. Very sad. Yeah, it would have been very very much a bummer, but we were lucky. So, we had a bit at the beginning and then very much thankfully it was. I know. I know. I kind of didn't want to say it just in case I jinxed it, but I was I was thinking Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. And we did get um the candy. We did do a few. I probably did. So, you did more than me. I did a couple with you and Well, I did whichever ones you did and two others in total. And I do feel like I have quite a lot of candy from doing maybe five candy stops. And I have a lot of green Twixes. Yeah, I know. Green in the middle. I've eaten most of the Twixes, but so I was pleased that we then went and got more. Yeah. So I I think I've had one little thing of Skittles so far, but the candy is good. It's a bonus. Obviously, it's a lot of money for candy. You could just go to Target and buy yourself some candy, but it's not the same as trick-or-treating in the Magic Kingdom. So, I always enjoy this event. I will say I've never ever come to it and not liked it. If you've never done it before, I would say definitely you will enjoy it cuz it's something very different. The parade and the fireworks alone are great and the stage show. Yeah, you guys will know if you've been around a long time, I am not a fan of the Christmas stage show, but because I love Christmas and I will say the vibe in the Magic Kingdom when you've got the Snoke on Main Street and it's just something else and and also I'm get like all the decorations with the Christmas decorations that's special. and the Christmas parade with the toy soldiers and gingerbread men, like it is worth it as well for the Christmas one, but it is more expensive. So, I've been looking into it for Paul and I. And I think the Christmas party is 150 per person. And I feel like we paid about 120 for this if I remember correctly. I think it was 113. 13. That's right. So, it is a bit less. Not It's not massive difference, but it's still a difference. You've got Elvis waving in the background. Hi. Love your costume. That is amazing. The other thing is that's great the costumes. Seeing other people's costumes, some of them are amazing. Yeah, like that guy's costume is amazing. The Leota that we saw earlier. I've seen a lot of family costumes where people have got like um they're all as the Sanderson sisters or something like that. Yeah. And then there's a fair few Toy Story and there like Woody and Buzz and whatnot. And I did see a Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head. That's quite cool. I've seen quite a few good ones and I was telling Claire at one of the parties a few years ago, someone had a very very tiny baby who had natural red curly hair who was Winnie and the mom and dad were um the other Sanderson sisters. The dad had like a blonde wig and Sarah Jessica Parker character. It was so funny. So you do see a lot of it's actually cool to see people's costumes. People really make an effort, don't they? Really really make an effort. So it is overall it is a very different experience. It's not like a normal day in the Magic Kingdom, but it doesn't get going till 7:00. That's really when you'll notice a difference, but if you've never done it before, I would try it if you can because it's something very different. If you've done it, if you've done it before, maybe do it every two or three visits um just to really then appreciate it when you do it again, yeah, that would be my take away from it. So, we are going to probably now maybe brave the buses cuz it looks like everything's clearing. Cla's exhausted. We are also a tiny bit hungry because it's been a long time since our Bristol Palace. So, we made We ate We had our book in there at 3. Yeah. And all I've had is a few like baby Twixes and Skittles. Yeah. And I had my my beignet. So, I didn't have pudding at Crystal Palace. No. And I only ate two out of the three beignets cuz they were just okay. So, we might get ourselves an Uber Eats while we're on the bus and then we can meet them at the lobby and take it back to the room cuz I could do with a drink as well. So, and luckily in Orlando, everything is always open. You can always get Uber Eats. Where I live in deep as dark as Somerset, you can't even get a takeaway in the day half the time or in a normal time of night. So, uh that's a bit of a novelty for me to be able to do that. But yeah, it's been an amazing night. I hope you guys have enjoyed this vlog. If you have, please do give it a thumbs up. It helps other people to find it. And we love doing these events. Everything that we do in the parks, to be honest, just going to the parks on a day-to-day basis. Do you know what other thing I loved about today? Oh, yeah. is the Booty You song. Yeah, I love that song. I love it. I love that's going to be in my head all night. That song has been going since I first started coming 16 years ago. So, I love it. I love it. I do love it. So, it's been really amazing and we just love doing these things ourselves, but obviously sharing it with you guys and vlogging it for you and meeting all of you. Yes, we met loads of you tonight again as well and we just love it. Do subscribe if you haven't already because as well as all of these vlogs, it is then going to run right into the November vlogs with Paul. So, there's so much to come all the way till the end of this year. And we're just loving it, aren't we? Yeah. We love it. We love it so much. So, thank you guys so much for watching and taking the time out of your day. We are going to see you in the next one next Saturday, which will be us resort hopping. Yes. Going around the resorts. We're doing Grand Vidian, Art of Animation, and Pop Century. We're also going to Coronado Springs and Three Bridges. And in the next one is going to be the Starlight Parade here in the Magic Kingdom. We are buzzing. We can't wait. So excited for that. So, we'll see you next Saturday for that one. Bye. [Music] [Music]
