---
video_id: nNnUD2XGMmM
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Is Festival of the Arts the best Epcot Festival? ✨ DISNEY WORLD VLOG AD"
published: 2026-02-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNnUD2XGMmM
---
I I take me home today. Take me out to play. Take me back into the sweet, sweet me. Good morning everyone from here in Epcot. And today I'm here for the Festival of the Arts. I'm going to focus on that all day, trying out the food booths, the little exhibition they have in the festival center, and anything else that is going on. Festival of the Arts is actually the newest festival that they have here in Epcot. So, it began in 2017 was when it was first introduced, whereas Flower and Garden, I think, was 1994, so a very long time ago. This one's also the shortest at 39 days. The others are around 90. So, Food and Wine Festival and Flower and Garden both run for around 90 days. So, this one's definitely the shortest and the newest, but it's rapidly becoming one of my favorites. I think it already is my second favorite festival behind Flower and Garden Festival. Some of the food is so beautiful and artistic looking. I've got my festival passport in here. You can have a look through everything that they have or you can just kind of wander and have a look at things, but I like to go through this with a coffee before I get going so I can pick out the things that I definitely want to get cuz you only have so much stomach space. So, I'm going to see what I'm going to prioritize today. I might ride a couple of attractions as I'm going around as well. Well, as you can probably tell, it's very breezy today here in Florida. It's very warm though for January. I can't believe how warm it is, but it is getting colder as of tomorrow. So, I'm enjoying this sunshine today. It's absolutely beautiful. I don't think I've ever had weather this nice in January before. And if you've watched my previous episodes, you'll know that I'm trying out a different Starbucks drink every day according to your suggestions that you gave me on Instagram. And today, I'm getting the iced peppermint mocker. So, I haven't had that before. I'm interested to see what that's like. I really want to get this cup as well. I think I'm going to get it. I won't pick it up now just cuz I don't want to carry it all day. I've got my peppermint iced mocker with cream as recommended by one of you guys. I think more than one person actually recommended this. I've had to come outside to have it because it was so busy in Connections Cafe. It's actually mega busy everywhere. In fairness, it is a weekend. So, yesterday was very busy and today and Saturday and Sunday. So, that is to be expected. Let's give this a try. It looks good. Oh, that is nice. That is a good suggestion. I like that much better than the one I had the other day. I can't remember what that was. The one that tastes like Kinder Bueno. I prefer this one. This is really nice. And while I'm sitting here, I'm just going to go through my Festival of the Arts passport to see what things I want to try and what I might want to do first. It also tells you all the merchandise and everything you can get in here as well. So, it's kind of got everything. Pop Eats is one of the first ones that's come up and that's where you can get the grilled cheese with tomato soup. That is one of my favorite things every single time I come to this festival. So, I'm going to have to get that. They also do a croc monsure inspired grilled cheese. Um, I just got ham this time, but I'll just get the cheese cuz I don't like ham, but that sounds good. So, I'll probably start with that. SWorld Showcase, which I love that name by the way, is the soft serve place, and they've got lots of different things. They've got a candy trio flight. Gourmet Landscapes has got the Wild Mushroom Risotto. That's been nice in the past. There's so many things to be honest this year. I've been looking on Disney food blog on the leadup to the trip and just seen so many different things. I think we're just going to walk around. I'm going to start with the grilled cheese and then just set off around the World Showcase and go from there. So, I've actually just come back here to the front of the park because I wanted to do a video call with Paul and it is so busy everywhere in the park. I was struggling to hear. There's just so much like music going on everywhere. And the music is still kind of loud here, but at least there's not as many people around so it's just not quite as loud. I'm actually finding that gets harder as the years go on to just find a little quiet spot in the parks. These days that is really difficult to do. I might actually do that in a video. Let me know if you guys would be interested in that because sometimes when you need to make a phone call or you just need to chill or you're not feeling very well or something, it can be really really difficult to get to a quiet calm place. On the subject of calling home though, I just wanted to chat about this because I've been asked so many times over the years about calling home. What kind of SIM do you use or phone plan and all of that kind of stuff. And the phone plan that I've had for the last few years includes international minutes and calls and data, but it's very, very expensive. So, I'm paying a really expensive monthly tariff just to kind of have the ability to make calls when I'm away. So, I wanted to lower down my main monthly tariff that I use at home and then I can just start using an eSIM for travel. I started looking into it and I decided on Sim Local and they have very kindly supported this video. Out of all the ones that I looked at, the main thing that I loved about this one is that they have packages for texts and phone calls as well as data. A lot of the other companies that offer this, it's just data that they're offering. And that's not always convenient because then you are tied to making like phone calls and video calls through the apps like WhatsApp or Messenger. And as you guys will know if you've been around here a long time, I can be a bit resistant to things that I don't understand and don't really know how they work. And I was a bit worried it was going to be complicated to set up. I didn't know how it worked and everything, but it's so easy. You literally just download the app onto your phone. So, you don't have to get a different SIM card with a different phone number and actually physically put it into the phone like you used to have to. The other great thing about Sim Local is they have a find my plan tool that you can use. So, you can put in where you're going. And it explains the different levels of usage and what that actually equates to. Because if you just hear it in gig, that doesn't really make a lot of sense to a lot of people. It certainly doesn't to me, but it explains if you're just wanting to like use WhatsApp and messages and stuff or if you want to be streaming or uploading a lot of stuff to Instagram. It actually says it in those terms so that you can understand what plan would be best for you. You can also use this for hotspot and tethering which a lot of the others don't offer. And as with any provider, they do have a fair usage per day, but with Sim Local, it is very, very generous. On the unlimited plans, you can get up to 10 gig full speed usage per day. A lot of the other providers are up to 1 gig per day. So, it gives you full flexibility to do as much as you need to. The other great thing compared to some of the competitors, they've been around a long time. They've got 15 years experience, very, very good customer service. A lot of other providers are fairly new, so service can be a little bit sketchy. And I just feel much more confident with this. It was so easy to set up and you can actually set things up from home before you leave and purchase your plan, get it all set up, and then when you get here, you can just switch over to the SIM on the local network and off you go. And like I said, for me, I can now lower down my tariff and not have to worry about having international roaming as part of it because I know now that I can always just use Sim local for travel and then stick to my normal plan at home where frankly I hardly use anything. So, there's no point in me having a high monthly cost. And Sim Local are offering a discount exclusively for you guys watching this video. You can get 5% off if you use the code Disney in detail. There'll be a place to add that discount code when you check out. Let me know in the comments if you've got any questions or if you decide to try it. I would love to hear about your experience of trying Sim Local. But now I'm going to have my quick video chat with Paul and then let's go and get that first snack. I love walking through this area as well with the gardens. I just think it's so beautiful since they changed this. There's so much seating in here as well, which is what a lot of the other parks lack is places to sit. Whereas here in Epcot, I do feel like there is now a lot of option. I can't wait to see all the artwork as we go around as well. I've bought some pieces over the years, but I always see about 20 things that I want, which is obviously not reasonable. I usually limit myself to one. I always miss the flowers here, though. That is one of my favorite things about Flower and Garden is when you've got the flowers in the water and all the bedding flowers here. Always just looks a bit bare when it's not there. You can also paint a section of this big mural. I think I'm going to leave that till a different day because it being a Sunday is very busy. You go over here to paint distribution and then just get in line to do your little section that they tell you. You do that between 11:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. each day. And right opposite that is Pop Eats. This looks very busy. It's not surprising. It's one of the best ones in my opinion. Here we have the tomato soup and grilled cheese. It was kind of cool seeing them making so many grilled cheeses in the back of the booth there. Today is a day when trash can dining is unavoidable. It's so busy. You're lucky if you could get a trash can to put your stuff down on top of. I love the cute little can. And it does have this like creamy stuff. Let's see what this is like. I am definitely a dip the grilled cheese in the soup person, but I like to try them both separately. Wow, that Oh my gosh, that is so good. That is a 10 out of 10. I don't remember it being that good. This may be the best eats tomato soup I've ever had. Can't believe first thing I've eaten in the festival is a 10 out of 10. What is going on? But I have to give a 10 out of 10. Normally, I don't like to be too generous right out the gate, but there is no other way to describe that soup other than a 10 out of 10. Grilled cheese time. I'm almost certain whatever else I eat today, this is going to be my favorite thing. Let's just try it without the soup. So good. I want to see the Did you get a lot of ham? I got the regular cheese, so I didn't get the ham, but the soup is so good. Is it? And then the cup is so cute. I've had it every year, but this is like better than normal. Yeah. I've had so many people stop to look at this grilled cheese and ask where I got it from. Honestly, do not miss this. This may be one of my favorite festival snacks at all ever. Like all of the festivals. I know that is a bold statement. Fushi, I think clearly still needs to remain number one. Although they did change it, which I wasn't a fan of. This could actually have overtaken Fushi. It'll be interesting to see what the like rainbow colored chicken and waffles is like. That's the other thing that I'm going to go and get after this. Some artwork here is always so good. I could honestly buy so many. I think this is Rob Cass who actually painted my Mr. Toad painting. I'll put a picture of it in. I've got it up in my office. I'm pretty sure this is the same artist. Yeah, there we go. Rob Cass. Wow, look at that Minnie and Mickey. Got some Haunted Mansion ones here, too. They're just all beautiful. I could honestly buy all of these. Oh, look at the castle with the Mickey and the clouds. Wow, that one is stunning. That is incredible. These World Showcase ones are so cool with the characters. You got the three cabilleras in the boat there. Snow White up in the Germany pavilion. Looks like big lines in here, too. Don't be too alarmed, though, because they do move fast. Trying to eat this outside in this wind is pretty real. It's so breezy, but there was no space inside, so I had to come out. I ended up getting the figment lemonade, and I got the blue raspberry flavor in the pink cup, and it makes it when it's cold like a really purpley color. Let's give this a try. That was good. And here is the chicken and waffle. I've heard really good things about this. I was watching on Disney Food Blog and they rated this really, really highly. The waffle is red. You've got like colorful rainbow popcorn in there and the chicken. I think there's some sauce in here as well. And there's definitely what looks like cheese curd in there as well, but that does look kind of hard and rubbery, so I'm not sure about that. They should try some of the popcorn chicken on its own first. That's good. I mean, you can't really go wrong with popcorn chicken. Going to try and tear off a piece of the waffle so I can eat the chicken and waffle together. Okay, here we go. I got a bit of both. Looks like I got a full-on chicken tender in here. Not that mad about that. I love Disney chicken tenders. I'll be honest, I don't love it. It's a bit dry compared to the grilled cheese, which was a total amazing 10 out of 10. It tastes good. Like the waffle tastes good. The popcorn chicken tastes good. And obviously the little bits of popcorn, you know, fine. It's very, very dry eating all of this together in terms of like cuteness and looking good. Obviously, 10 out of 10. I'm trying to take taste into consideration as well as the fact that it's a bit dry. So, I'd probably give it a six cuz the chicken is really good and it does have a lot of chicken in as well. I will say it's not just like a couple of tiny pieces. It is a decent size and I love the lemonade, but it is very tart. So, if you don't like that type of thing, it might be a bit sour. I've only just realized that there's candy in the bottom of the lemonade. Can you see it there floating around? I don't think I'll be eating that cuz it's kind of a bit wet and soggy, but the lemonade was really, really good. I loved it. I'm sure it's going to be crazy busy in there, but I've got to pay a visit to the Mexico pavilion. It is my favorite. I probably won't ride Grand Fiesta Tour unless there's no queue, which is unlikely today. No, I'm going to bail. There's a queue to even get into the pavilion and come back when it's less busy. That was intense. I don't think I've ever seen a queue for Grand Fiesta Tour. Almost out of the building. I'm sure it happens at like Christmas and New Year and stuff, but the times that I travel, never ever seen that. And there's the friendship boat coming across from Italy. I was sure that that had started running again. For such a long time, that one wasn't running. Only the one that goes from Morocco. So now we've seen it in action. Looks like Frozen is down. That would go some way to explaining the mass for Grand Fiesta Tour. See what they have here at Painted Panda. Chicken Shimai dumplings filled with chicken, asparagus, onion, and water chestnut. That actually sounds really good. Pork bun, which is sweet and savory Cantonese style barbecued pork. And then an egg tart. I don't think I want any of that right now, but that does sound good. And since I couldn't even get into the Mexico pavilion, let's have a little reflections of China. Seeing this film is always a calm moment out of the craziness. This is one of my favorite artists here at the festival that I see every year, Scooter. I just absolutely love this style of artwork. Got like a Valentine's themed one there. Look at the sci-fi dining one. And this one, that's gorgeous. Those are so nice. Got the people mover there. What do we have here? A pastoral palette. Red wine brazed beef short rib. Parsnip puree broccolini baby tomatoes and black forest cake. Bet that's nice. Snow White is over there meeting and greeting. Such a nice little shady spot there actually. There is a times board here. You can't see it very well, but it's between 9:30 and 4:15. And I love to go and visit the Teddy Bear friends here in Germany. So, let's just head into that store. They sell the sty bears in here and they have a Duffy bear that's $450. Wow. These smaller ones are $22.99. I love the monkey. Monkeys are my favorite animal. He's $29.99. So cute. He's so squidgy. And they do have Haribo in here as well. So if you're craving some Haribo, got quite a good range. I always like going around the pavilions and getting one snack from each one and taking them home with me. Then you can kind of do your snacking around the world while you're at home. I love the beautiful clocks in here, too. Look at these. I love the giant train set and village that they have here. One of my friends dads had a train set in the attic when I was growing up and we used to love going and seeing it. Oh, is that a wedding going on in the chapel there? That's cute. Never noticed that before. It's actually huge this train set. When you walk along the bridge here and whichever festival is on, they have their own festival in the town square. If I zoom in there, you can see the banners say festival of the arts and then it changes for each one. Love that detail. Let's see what they've got here at the Italy booth. It's good when you look at these pillars cuz they have the pictures. So that's the mozzarella fritta flash fried bread in fresh mozzarella with artist palace condiments. So I guess that's like pesto and some tomato sauce. Not sure what the other one is. Palenta pasta, palenta bolognese parmesan and a raspberry spuma. Thought maybe I should try the mozzarella fritt. So here is the mozzarella fritter. I don't want to tip it up too much cuz I want to tip these sauces out. But it looks like a really cute palette. Got some very loud music here. Put the microphone into noise cancelling mode. So hopefully you can hear me. All right, just put my thumb in the pesto. That was a good start. So we've definitely got pesto because I just tasted it. Then we've got tomato. Let me just see what the kind of creamy sauce is. Actually don't know what that is. It's just kind of like tangy. It's not cheesy. So I don't know what that sauce is. It's nice though. One thing I will say, there's probably way too much sauce for the amount of this that you get. There's probably about four or five bites of the mozzarella. So I think there's just a lot of sauce. But anyway, okay, I'll try the pesto first. That is so good. But then crispy breaded mozzarella with pesto. Can't really go wrong with that. Now I've got the tomato. Really good, too. And then finally, the creamy sauce. That's nice, too. I would say the pesto is my favorite, then the tomato, and then the tangy one. Okay, the last bite I'm having with the pesto cuz that was my favorite. In terms of taste, I would rank this one quite highly and probably give it a eight. This was $9.50 50 and it's an extremely small piece of mozzarella and there's just way too much of the sauce. You literally just need one each of those little circles and that's enough sauce for the amount of cheese you get. So I feel like it's a lot of wasted sauce and it's just very small for $950 but tastewise really liked that. Just come into the perfume store here in Italy. Little bit like duty-free. I like to have a freshen up midway through the day. Went for a little spritz of omnia. Smells good. It's very citrusy. I do love these ears here in the Italy pavilion. I've thought about getting these a few times, but I do not need any more ears. Love them though. I do need to make a brief stop to charge my phone and the camera. So, see if I can get a drink. The pizza window down here next to Vianapoli, the to- go window is really nice. It's really busy and I'm not going to stand in that line just to get a drink. I'll go somewhere else. Oh, there's a Joffrey stand. Perfect. I will get a drink from there. I wonder if they've got that mango thing that me and Cla really liked in October. That's probably gone by now. Well, that's a bummer. They don't have any syrups at the moment, so you can't have any of the flavored iced teas or cold drinks. Okay, I have my berry sparkle. I got this from the outdoor bar there. But actually, you can get this via mobile order from Regal Eagle and he said if there's a big line outside that would be quicker. That's really good. Really refreshing. So, I'm going to recharge everything, the phone and the camera, and then be back on my way. Here at the Japan Pavilion, you've got the crisp flaky fish shaped chocolate, which is the tayyaki. You got sushi donut there. Multicolored Tokyo kawaii roll with multicolored rice. And the Wagyu bun is purple. None of that would be for me, but that booth is very, very popular. I do have a little collection of spaceship earth artwork going on in my office. That's really beautiful, too. That fairy godmother one. Some of these are so beautiful. Look at this one. It's like Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway and the Moana walkthrough attraction. That's very cute. I love that one. I honestly just want them all. I could decorate an entire house with all of this amazing Disney art. It very much varies in price as well by artist and how big the artwork is, how long it would have taken, whether it's an original or a print. Um, so there's no specific prices. In some cases though, they do these mini postcard versions of the bigger prints. These are, how much are these? Oh, there we go. $7.99. So, if there's anything you really like and there's a mini version, you could get that. And let's see what's going on in the Morocco pavilion. I remain eternally hopeful that we might get some kind of merchandise in the shops and things back in here cuz it is kind of just lacking anything here. There's no attraction. Most of the shops closed. The kind of bizaar that was inside is gone. It's a real shame cuz this is such a beautiful pavilion. You can kind of just see how many people are around though today. It's normally very quiet here. This used to be my favorite part of the bazaar that they had in here. I think they've just still got it as a little sangria bar. I was just about to leave this area where I've been having a little sit down and I saw that at the sangria bar they sell this which said desert pear and lime and it's got this candy garnish on it. But when I looked at it, I was thinking that looks exactly like the night blossom in Animal Kingdom. You know the drink that you can get in Pandora. So I had to get this to see if it's the same cuz I love that drink so much. I love a night blossom. Let's try. Yep, it's the same. Obviously in the night blossom it's got two different colors of this, but the taste is definitely there. That is so good. This could be a new favorite Epcot drink. Love that. I'm over here just before you walk into France and we've got Vante and Vivido. Treat your palette to vibrant Latin flavors. So here they've got cho and potato and panada. Spicy a soup which is chili spiced chicken, potato, avocado, corn, and creme fresh. They also have a passion fruit filled mango cheesecake. That sounds nice. And here in France, they've got brie in a house-made bread bowl. I bet that's good. Crab cake, lobster bisque, and lemon dill sour cream. And a chocolate orange alair. The bria bread bowl sounds good, but I don't really want anything savory. Again, it's not late enough yet for Impressions to France, which is the show that I love, the really retro show they have. It's still the Beauty and the Beast sing along at the moment. It's quite a bit too early for the show that I like. Let's just go and take a look at the shop, though. They sometimes have some Disneyland Paris merchandise in here. This store currently has Beauty and the Beast merchandise. So, you've got Lumiere and Cogsworth. Again, I don't have the luggage space to get Lumia this time cuz I was pretty much up to the limit on the way out here. But, I really, really do want to get that someday. How much are these these days? $99.99. This Christmas decoration is so beautiful. Got Belle on one side and Beast on the other. That's really, really pretty, actually. Just check out this other store as well, which is where the Gulanderie petissicissery is. It was just a couple of months ago that we were in Disneyland, Paris, and actually in Paris itself, and some of the peticisseries and bakery items we had were unbelievable. This t-shirt's pretty. And they have a spirit jersey. Got a Ratatouille little chef set. That's cute. And they got some Remy cheese ears. They're cute. This bag is very pretty, too. It's $59.99. This is looking so beautiful at sunset here. And it's the pink blossom time of year. This is a really beautiful pink blossom tree just there. I actually have a photo that I took right here a couple of years ago when I was with Catherine and I got it blown up and it's in our living room. It's so beautiful. Heading into the UK and I think I'm going to go in shop and see what merchandise they've got. I usually pay guest the price but I think I've gotten too good at it now. I love the book teapotss. The Jane Austin one is definitely the one that I would get. They also have Sherlock Holmes, Louisis Carol. I did just buy a new Bridgeten teapot though, so I definitely don't need another one. They have Bounty and Galaxy and fruit pastals. Oh, the fruit pastels have a price. $7.99. That is kind of pricey for a small bag. Oh, the bounties do have a price. $4.99. Obviously converted to pounds. That's still quite a lot. But if you're desperate, I actually love bounties, but they're a bit love or hate. Put in the comments, do you like them or not like them? Got a nice little cake and afternoon tea display going on out here. And I still maintain that they should have a tea room here. Just around the back here when you go around to the gardens. I just think that would be so perfect somewhere back here having a tea room where you can get a cream tea. That would be I think the perfect thing to have back here. It's that perfect time of night as well when the sun's just going down. It's not so hot now. Feel like this is the first time today that I've seen some of the festival merchandise. This bag is so nice. Wow. I've seen it online, but it's even nicer in person. $85. Don't know if it's Loungefly. Oh, it is Loungefly. That's actually beautiful. That's so nice. It's quite big as well. I think you would get quite a bit in there. And they have this t-shirt. $36.99. and a spirit jersey, too. I love the colors this year. I've noticed Joffre have this pop art latte. Espresso with choice of milk, vanilla syrup topped with lavender whipped cream, and then freeze-dried Skittles. I probably will get a Joffre from the stand over by Guardians when I'm kind of towards the end of the day. Canada Pavilion is looking so pretty. Look at that. And over here by the entrance to Leelier is where you can get the maple popcorn. If you've never had the maple popcorn, it is incredible. And you can get it in your refillable popcorn bucket as well. I don't fancy it right now because I'm focusing on festival snacks, but if you've never tried it, honestly, do it. You will not regret it. So good. And here at Gourmet Landscapes, this is where you can get the wild mushroom risotto. I've had that before. It's really, really good. I just don't fancy it right now. I'm here at Swel Showcase. And this is probably going to be one of my final festival snacks for today, but I will be back later in the trip. I don't know whether to get the candy trio flight of the soft serve or the cake pop. Can't decide. We see the nitro pops being made. Right, these snacks have got to be in the running for the prettiest that we've had today. Festival of the Arts is known for the snacks from the food booths being really pretty. So, we have the Nitro Cake Pop. This looks so nice. I can't lift this cuz it's starting to melt and I don't want to risk spilling it. But you've got the flight there with all of these little toppings that you can put on. And I deliberately saved this for towards the end of the day so it didn't melt cuz it has been that hot today. Let's try the lime one first of all. Put one of the little gummies and one of the Skittles on here. M. Oh my gosh, that is so nice. The lime soft serve actually tastes to me. Do you remember like lime opal fruits back in the day when they tasted just more flavorful than the Starburst that you get now? I'm talking about in the UK. I don't know if anybody knows what opal fruits is. If you're not from the UK, that is what this tastes like. If you prefer sorbet, like a tart kind of sorbet than creamy ice cream, you'll absolutely love this. There's a little card here as well reminding us what it is. So, obviously, that was the lime. And you can get the chili lime seasoning on top of that one, but I said I didn't want it cuz I don't like chili. And I think you are supposed to put the certain candies on certain ones. So, the lifesaver gummies are meant to go on the lime. You've got the lemon, which goes with the Skittles, and the strawberry, which goes with the Starburst. But I kind of like it that they've put it separately, so you can just put whichever ones you want on any of them. Let's go for the lemon next. And I'll try it without any candy first. The flavor is so good. Let's try a couple of the candies on top. Again, amazing. I think I'd slightly prefer the lime if I had to choose. Let's try the strawberry, which is now starting to melt, as you can see. M. It's really good, too. Again, really nice flavor. put one of the Lifesaver gummies and one of the little chewy things on there. It's actually quite difficult eating it with the Lifesaver gummies on top because they're quite big. So, they're not my favorite on top of it, but I love the little chewy candies and the Skittles. Strawberry is really nice, but definitely the winner for me is the lime soft serve. That was the best one. And now, let's give this a try. I don't think I'm going to be able to eat all of this. I'm going to have to do my best. I wanted to get both cuz I couldn't decide and I wanted to show you both of them. It's blue. Pink on that side. Make it pink. Make it blue. It's not quite as good as the cake pops I've had before. The ones that you can get from Main Street Confectionary. I haven't had one for years, but they used to have them in there with the red velvet and the sugar stuff on top. I slightly preferred those. They felt a bit more like, how do I put it? Like soft and doughy inside. This one does feel more like sponge cake, if that makes any sense. The ones I've had previously are almost a bit fudgy inside. But really good. It all tastes amazing. I'm going to have some more of the lime though. Yeah, I don't think I'm going to manage all three of these. It looks small, but this is actually quite a decent amount and you got three of them. This is definitely a sharer. I just obviously it's only me, so I'm going to have to do my best. That lime Doe Whip is amazing. But because I'm kind of lumping it in together as an entire snack, the flight, I would say I would give that an 8.5 out of 10. Really, really nice. Maybe even a nine, you know. And the cake pop I would give a six. It's nice, but I'm not like blown away by it. But it is good. If I was rating this lime doll whip on its own though, I feel like this could be a 9.5. Look at Spaceship Perth behind me as well. How beautiful does it look? It's my favorite time of day in Epcot when it's like this. You can kind of see over there as well. Everything just looks so pretty. And here's the progress on the mural. You couldn't really see it very well earlier cuz everybody was stood here. You can see there's been quite a few uh paint splat accidents, but you know, that's art. Definitely when I come back though, I'll try and do a little bit of this. Oh my gosh, how good does this look? I'm just coming up to Communicore Hall, which I think I called the festival center earlier. I was just being old school there. The last show, there's one at 7:40 and one at 8:30, just in case anyone's wondering how late those go. Let's see what's going on in here. Last time it was like an exhibition of outfits from Broadway and it's the same this time. And speaking of Broadway, one thing that I didn't get time to do today is see the show over in the big theater in the America pavilion, which is where they always have the concerts. And they do have songs from Broadway during this festival, but I just wasn't there at the right time. So hopefully when I'm back later in the trip, we can see that. Got the lamp here. And somewhere there is a giant version of this lamp, but I don't know where it is. So I need to find out for next time so we can look at that. This bag is calling to me again. I do really love this. And they have a passholder t-shirt as well. And this is where they have the costumes from Broadway. Got Princess Jasmine here. And they've got pictures of them wearing the outfit, too. And Aladdin, of course. Ariel. Got Kristoff and Spven. And then Anna and Elsa. Oh, they have Hercules and the muses. That's really cool. And here we've got the Lioness's from The Lion King. I know Lion King in the West End in London is one of Becky's absolute favorite shows. She loves it. I still haven't seen it. Unbelievably, I need to do that. And they're showing here on the screen how they do the makeup for the shows. It's really interesting what they do with this space during this festival because during flower and garden and food and wine, it's like a food place. This is so pretty. Lights 264.5. I was actually over by the rose and I thought somebody was behind me actually talking. Lights 265. Go. It also kind of sounded like they were calling bingo. And we got some of Belle's outfits here from Beauty and the Beast. So pretty as well. They're all lovely. It's very cool to see them so up close. Oh my gosh, look at these. That is stunning. Look at the detail on that dress. Guess these are different versions. The time and talent that goes into making things like this. I'm always just blown away. I wish I had the talent to sew like this. And here's some information about the concert series and which dates various people are performing. anymore. You can see the lights in Gio82 up there. I did love it in there. I would like to go again sometime. It's kind of pricey, but really great view. Oh, this is cute. There's a little light show going on in Spaceship Perth. That's so beautiful. I love it. And Spaceship Perth is back up, but as a result of it being closed all day, there's a very big line here. Let me just see how long it is. What do we have here? Oh, it doesn't say. Let me ask. Cast member said 15 minutes, so I'm going in. Slowly grow and start voluntarily. When you see them, remain seated at all times. In 1450, Gutenberg invents the movable type printing press. Now knowledge can travel as fast as these new books, and travel they do, and the result is an incredible explosion of innovation we call the Renaissance. Now, communication technology races headlong into the future, and soon people all over the world are sharing life's most important moments faster than ever before. By now, we're all communicating from anywhere on Earth, and in 1969, from somewhere else. One small step for man, one giant leap for man. To send a man to the moon, we had to invent a new language spoken not by man but by computers. And that was the perfect way to finish off my day at Epcot. and the festival today. I will be back later in the trip because I couldn't do all the things I wanted to do today. I couldn't eat everything I wanted to eat cuz there's only so much stomach space. So, I will be back. Hey everyone, future me here. I was just editing this vlog and I could have sworn I had one last clip where I talked about my final thoughts on the festival, but I don't have that clip. I don't know what happened there. So, I thought I would just pop in to end this vlog and give my final thoughts about Festival of the Arts. I absolutely love this festival and I think it might have just taken top spot for me. It's so difficult cuz Flower and Garden is my favorite and visually like how Epcot looks during Flower and Garden cannot be beaten. Like I was saying in the vlog where you have all of the flowers on the approach to the World Showcase in the water and everything, it's so beautiful during Flower and Garden Festival. I still overall maybe that is still my favorite. It's almost too close to call. I love the food booths at this festival. There's more at this one, I would say, than at the others that I like. Food and wine is actually the one that I like the least cuz I would say the food is a bit more adventurous, which is not for me. I'm quite a plain eater. So, there were a lot more things at this festival that I liked than some of the others. The artwork that they have at this festival though that you can purchase or just look at. So many Disney pieces in very, very different styles, really unusual pieces. I just love it. I love looking around this festival. And for me, if I had to say, do you know what? If I had to say right now, I think I would say that Festival of the Arts is my new favorite. I think it's the best one. It's a shame that it's shorter, so there's just less time to experience it. But if you ever get chance to go at the beginning of the year and experience it, I would highly recommend it. I absolutely love it. I want to say a huge thank you as always to you guys for watching this video. And thank you to everyone who has subscribed in the last couple of vlogs. I've talked about really wanting to achieve 100,000 subscribers on this channel. I've been doing YouTube for 10 years and many of you have subscribed. So, thank you for that. And if you haven't already, that would mean so much if you subscribed so we can reach that 100,000 subscriber goal would be amazing. Coming up in the next vlog is another day at Animal Kingdom where I ride dinosaur for the very last time, eat at restauranttosaurus, and do some general Animal Kingdom wandering. So, be sure to watch next week for that one. Thank you so much again. I hope you're all well and having a great day, and I will see you next Saturday. Bye. Why am I the most sad to say goodbye to this guy? I love this dinosaur. It is time. Last ever ride on this attraction.
