---
video_id: gp_oAUXyMPs
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Pack with me for Walt Disney World ✨ ✈️ Outfits, Flight & Park essentials, packing tips and more!"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp_oAUXyMPs
---
Hey everyone, welcome back to my channel and today I'm going to be doing packing for Walt Disney World for a January trip. January can be very up and down when it comes to the weather in Florida. So, I'm going to be talking about what I pack and how I figure all of that out. And a lot of you may notice I am already here in Walt Disney World, which is slightly unusual for a packing video. I filmed actually packing my suitcase when I was at home, but I hadn't got around to filming the beginning part of this video, so I thought I would do it while I was here. And actually, this is towards the end of the trip, so I now have experience the weather. I can let you know what I needed, what I didn't, and all of that. I'm going to be going through what I pack in my main suitcase, also my hand luggage, and what I take in terms of like toiletries and things like that as well. It can be really tricky to decide what to pack for a trip to Florida. In your head, you're thinking sunshine, very, very hot, sweaty, all of those things. And while that is true most of the time, there are some cold times in Orlando, particularly in January. So, I've had cold weather in November, December, and January before. And even in sort of February, March, you can get mornings or evenings that are a tiny bit cooler. But January especially can be very cold at times. Not normally for prolonged periods, but it can happen. Last year when I was here at this same time, it was so so cold. And on this trip, it's been very mixed. So, these packing videos can be helpful because it's not always as straightforward as shorts, t-shirts, like hot weather stuff. So, first of all, I'm going to start, I think, by showing you what I have in terms of toiletries in my Disney's Magical Express wash bag. I've had lots of questions about this. It is really old. I got this maybe 2012 or something from the Marketplace Co-op at Disney Springs. They had this one and a monor rail, but you can't get it anymore, sadly. I just love it though. It's really big as well, so I can get everything in there. Then I'll cut to the footage of me actually packing the suitcase when I was back at home, and then I will finish off by showing you what I take in my hand luggage, my cabin bag. So, let's get into here and see what we've got. First up, I have my toothbrush. I use the Surri Sonic toothbrush. I absolutely love this. This case is amazing as well because if you press this button on the top, it does like a UV clean of your toothbrush. So, it keeps it super clean all the time. This is not sponsored, by the way. I have worked with them before. This is not sponsored. I just love them. So much better than any other toothbrush I've ever had. And the charge on it lasts over 4 weeks. So, you just charge it before you go and you don't need to bring charges and stuff for it. So, I love that. Got a couple of skin care things here. I've got my Neutrogena Hydro Boost. I love this moisturizer so much. which is a gel moisturizer. It's very, very hydrating, but there's no greasiness to it at all. It's one of my absolute favorites. I'll link everything below. By the way, I saw this today in Target. You've got to be careful when you're buying beauty products in certain places. I think it was $20. I normally get this for around8 or nine. So, that was so expensive in Target, but yeah, absolutely love that. And I also have my E.L.F. Holy Hydration Eye Cream. This is my favorite eye cream. I use this every single day. again is very hydrating without being in any way greasy. Then I've got some vitamins, my wild deodorant, and I've got two different types, the roll-on and the stick. I like to have both cuz I change it up sometimes which one I like to use. Hair brush. This is the Tangle Teaser one, and it's really good if you have longer or thicker hair. I've got a face mask in here, which I've been meaning to do all week, but I've just completely run out of time. And it's the Bioance Collagen Masks. You actually have to leave these on for ages, hours, and hours. So, you put it on and it will gradually go clear and then you can peel it off. I just haven't had a chance. Some people sleep in these. I really don't know how that would work. I move around and like sleep on my side, so there's no way I could use it at night time. I do like to bring one though because sometimes your skin can get a bit dry from air conditioning when you're over here. Got various different medications here. I've got strep sils. These are like for if you get really congested. I've got a little pot there with my ibuprofen in. I just like to bring different medications with me because they can be expensive to buy over here. Last year I was really ill. It was absolutely horrible. So, I like to have stuff with me just in case. Then I have my razor. I've got the little travel Venus one that you can get. I always like to put them in a little plastic baggie because if you're rooting around in your wash bag, you don't want to cut yourself if you've got a razor in there. It did come with a case when I originally bought it, but I lost it. I don't know what happened to that. Little toothpaste. I've got my Charlotte Tilbury setting spray in here. That's a makeup thing. I would normally keep that separate. Um, this is so good. A lot of setting sprays. I don't really rate them or think they do very much, but the Charlotte Tilbury one, although it's expensive, is really good. I've got my little pair of travel scissors. I love these. Just kind of looks like a pen. And then you slide it up and you got your pair of scissors. I got these ones from Eron Condrin, but you can get them on Amazon. I will link an identical pair below. I've got a thing of safety pins here. I always always have at least a couple of safety pins. I don't necessarily need this many, but I've got them all together there. But you never know when you might need one for an outfit if something like rips or goodness knows what. Safety pins can be really handy for that. Then I've got a small SPF 30. I always take this in my park bag just in case you need to reapply through the day. You can burn so easily and so quickly. And I just like to take some with me to top up throughout the day. I don't often need to, but on very, very hot days you might. Hair elastic just in case my hair gets bad on the journey home. I often wear a hat to travel home in cuz my hair just goes everywhere on the flight otherwise. And we have a leak. This is exactly why you always put shampoos and shower gels and things like that in a little bag. What is the offender? I think it's this shampoo, you know, or is it you finding it hard to identify what's actually leaked here? Just going to get some tissue. Be right back. See, if I'd filmed this before I left, you wouldn't have experienced the realness of things leaking in your case. I think it's this. It is my conditioner. This is the Beauty Works 10in-1 spray. And I don't know why that's leaked. To be honest, a lot of things just do when you travel. You need to put them in a little plastic bag. Okay, that bag is now going to have to go. I do have Oh, I've got one in here, a bigger one with a shower gel in it. So, everything will have to share this bag. So, now everything is cleaned up. Beauty Works 10-in-1 spray leave-in conditioner. Although, it leaked. I absolutely love this stuff. Then I've got the Beauty Works Pearl Nourishing Argan Oil Conditioner and the OGX Biotin and Collagen Shampoo. So I've just got those three miniature things for my hair. That's enough for the amount of times I wash my hair while I'm away. And they're all going to go into this bag. And you better behave on the way home. I've also got a nail varnish just to top up any chips that might happen while I'm away. And the only things that I don't have in here, I've got some hairspray and some dry shampoo, which are over there in the case. They're obviously bigger and don't fit in the wash bag. Oh, and also makeup remover is somewhere else as well. I'll just show you a couple of my makeup items. I won't go through everything, just a few of the key things. One is my SPF. And usually I use the Lar Ro Pose Anthilios Air. That is my absolute favorite, but I could not find it when I was packing, so I had to throw in what I had. I do sometimes use this one as well, which is the Garnier Ombre Celler Invisible Serum UV 50. And the other one is 50 as well. I always use a high SPF on my face. I cannot emphasize enough the job that SPF does with anti-aging. It is the most important thing in my opinion. Um, so SPF on your face every day. I do this when I'm at home as well as when I'm here in Florida, but especially if it's very sunny here, you definitely want that. Um, but this is kind of my temporary one. And I normally use the Lar Ro Pose, but I'll link them both below. The foundation I use is the Laura Mercier Flawless Lumiere Radiance Perfecting. It's almost run out actually. I need to get a new one of these. This is my absolute favorite foundation. I love it so much. It is a bit expensive, but it's so good and just lasts all day when I'm in the park cuz I never have to reapply or anything. And I use the Laura Mercier Real Flawless. I think it's called Real Flawless. Yeah, Real Flawless concealer as well. For powder, I absolutely love the Beauty Pie one powder wonder, but I really don't like with Beauty that you have to have a subscription to buy it to get it at the cheaper price. I just really don't like things like that. So, I've been looking for a alternative and I actually found this one from Collection in Superdrug. This was so cheap. It's called Color Correcting Blurring Powder. Looks like that. It kind of looks a bit like blue and swirly. This is the closest thing that I found to it. There's a lot of the white powders out there, but they're not quite the same as the Beauty Pie one, but this is the absolute closest I found. And this does do the job. And in terms of lipstick, which is what I get asked about the most, the absolute number one in my opinion is the Maybelline SuperStay Matte Ink. These just do not budge. I eat and drink and sometimes get in a right mess with things that I'm eating and it still stays on. Honestly, the staying power of this stuff is like nothing else. This one is in shade Savant, which is like a pinky color. And then I also have Revolutionary, which is the one that I'm wearing right now. But I love both of those. Revolutionary is the one that I wear most often. If you see my pictures on Instagram, that's usually what I've got on. For eyeshadow, I've currently been using Too Faced Born This Way Cold Smolder Nudes, which is just a small palette of six. And for liquid eyeliner, I always use the Physicians Formula Eye Booster in black. And this is the waterproof one. I love this stuff. So, let's move on now to the main suitcase. I'm going to cut to the footage that I filmed while I was at home, and then I will be back with the hand luggage. Okay, here is the bulk of stuff that is going to be going into the suitcase. So, I'll start over here, I think. First of all, I've got pajamas and pajama shorts. I've got several pairs of the snag shorts to go underneath dresses. These are just amazing to wear in Florida. Any kind of like sweating or just a lot of walking. In January, you're unlikely to be sweating too much to be fair, but I always wear those underneath. And also, if you're getting on and off rides with a dress on, it's just nice to have those little shorts underneath. I've got a couple of pairs of socks there, but I need to add more to that. This cube is actually what I put my socks and underwear and everything in. A lot of it is still in the wash, so I need to put some more in there. Then sunglasses. I've obviously got several different choices like I always do. These I absolutely love. They're from Buhoo. They're really old now, but I still absolutely love them. I've got this pair, which is like a purpley kind of tint. I think I got these from Amazon, so I'll link them below if I have them there. I'll link as many things below as I can. These were Primark. Very, very old now. I love wearing these to Animal Kingdom. And this is my newest pair. I finally have got the Mickey sunglasses. I feel like these are just really iconic. Everybody loves these. And I finally got a pair from Disney Store UK. So, I will link those below if they're still available. I've got a denim jacket underneath here. And I'll also be wearing my leather jacket to travel in. So, I've got a couple of jacket options. In terms of outfits, I've laid them all out with the ears to go with. So, I've got my red lemon dress with these really nice yellow ears. Those are from Magic Maker Ears. Several of these pairs are gifted, so I will put that on screen and link them below. I also have a discount code as well that you can use. Then, I've got this playsuit. This is one that my mom made me. And I've got those purple ears. Go quite nicely with that. Up at the top here, I do have a couple of sweatshirts in case it is cold. I've got my pleasing Fantasia one with these very nice like blush peachy pink kind of ears. And I've got this sweatshirt which I bought in Walt Disney World when I was there in October. And I've got these red sparkly ears to go with that. Couple of pairs of leggings there to go with those sweatshirts. Then I've got a pair of black shorts and a black dress and the black ears to go along with that. And these ears I think will also go with this new purple playsuit that's got the kind of black trim there. I think that'll be quite nice with those. This pair of ears is without its outfit cuz it's in the wash, but I do have a mint colored playsuit that that goes with. I've got this navy spot dress from Pornoir, which I absolutely love. I will link that dress below. They do it in so many colors and it's just so so comfortable for wearing in the parks. And I've got these Mickey ears to go with that. I've then got this PMO dress, which is exactly the same style as the navy blue one, but it's got flowers on. And I've got these pink sparkly ears. These are from Ears Ever After. So, I'll link those below as well. I've also got this dress with the flowers on. And I think I would wear those ears with that one, too. So, if I've got this right, I've got 1 2 3 4. That will be five, six, seven, eight. So, I've got eight kind of summery playsuits in case it's warm. And I'm only going for a week and I've only got like six actual days in the park. So, that's absolutely fine. And then I've obviously got a couple of cooler weather outfits. And I also have the shorts and a t-shirt that I'm going to bring. So I've got plenty of outfits. I think overall that's what, eight, nine, 10, 11 for a week. So that should be plenty. Then over here, I've got an umbrella, of course, essential for Florida. I've got my Teddy Fleece fluffy pillowcase. I know that's a bit random, but I love taking my own pillowcase. It just feels cozy. I've got my Beauty Works waiver, and then I've also got the curling iron. I love the Beauty Works styling tools. I think they're amazing. I'll link those below as well. Um, that's all I ever use. My straighteners are from Glamorizer, which is a different brand, but the Beauty Works stuff does work with the different voltage in the US, so that's quite important. I know a lot of people have taken curling irons and things like that, and they just don't work in the States, so I love those. Then I've got a hairbrush and a thing of dry shampoo. I love the Batiste rose gold. Then I've got an eye mask. This one is so amazing. It's really, really soft. And because of how this is made, if you do have like eye makeup on and stuff or lashes or something, it doesn't like touch your eyes because you've got this bit around the edge, but it completely blocks out any light whatsoever. Um, I got this from Amazon. I'll link it below. It's absolutely amazing. I have put my fan in. I don't think it's going to be hot enough. I think if anything, it's going to be cold. It's very unlikely I'll need this, but I would rather have it and not need it. Then I have this little pouch from Disney Cruise Line. And in here is all the bits and bobs, as I would call it. So I've got some plug adapters there. I've got this, which I clip onto my bag to hold my ears on if I want to take the ears off for a little while and then you don't have to carry them. This little box you plug in and it's got tons of USBs, so it's just like a extension kind of thing. Then I've got some bag charms. I've got this one from Magic Maker Ears and Bumble, of course, from Catherine's company, Catnip. I've got my Cinderella magic band in there. And I always just throw any little bits and pieces like that in here. Then I've got my bags that I'm taking to use in the parks. I've got this Mickey one and the Donald one from Orbit Key. I'm really into cross body bags now. They're my favorite kind for the parks and these have got so much room. They're so well made as well. Paul and I used these when we were in Disneyland Paris and I just love them. And then at the top there, I've just got a plain black one. I've got the plain black one cuz there are a couple of outfits that I just don't think would go with the Donald or the Mickey. the mint colored playsuit. That one's a bit tricky cuz really a lighter bag would be good, but I can't take too many bags. So, I probably would wear the plain black with that. This one possibly as well. I don't know if that would really go with either Donald or Mickey. So, I do have a couple of outfits there that I think would benefit from just having a plain colored bag. But in terms of clothes, it really is difficult for January to know what to take. It depends how much you feel the cold. I really, really don't feel the cold much compared to the average person. Really, I think it's to do with my TM. Since I've had that, I just don't feel temperature in the way that the average person would. So, there's times when people are freezing cold, shivering, and I'm just not. So, some people might want to bring more at this time of year in terms of sweatshirts and things, maybe jeans, but for me, I've got a couple of pairs of leggings, a couple of sweatshirts, but it is looking to warm up. So, most of the time, I will probably wear these dresses and playsuits with the denim jacket over the top, and that will be absolutely fine for me. And in terms of shoes, I'm just going to be taking this black pair of Converse high tops. This is a brand new pair that Paul got me for Christmas because my other ones have worn out. And those are the most comfortable shoes in the parks for me. I live in those kind of Converse. I do also have my pink Jordans cuz there's a couple of outfits there that would be better with a pale pair of shoes. So, I always bring those. I normally wear these cuz they're a lot chunkier and then you don't have to fit them in the suitcase. Time to get everything into the packing cubes now. And I've got this set here which I was given by Disney at a PR event. So it's got Paris, Disney World, Disney Cruise Line on there, and it comes as a set. So I've got several there. I'm just putting these shorts in that kind of look more like a skirt than shorts. I'll put a picture in of me wearing them. I absolutely love them. So, for anyone who really struggles to find shorts, these are perfect cuz they kind of look a bit like a skirt. I got them from Amazon. I will link them below. I really, really love these. And this is the t-shirt that I'm putting in to wear with that. Everything is better at Walt Disney World. I bought that a few years ago now. I love it. I think it was from Disney Springs. Heat. Heat. Okay, let's talk handler. luggage now and I'm going to show you the couple of different things that I take. Normally with most airlines, you get your cabin bag and a personal item. That goes for like British Airways, Virgin, Norse, any of the ones that are flying you long haul. If you're flying on shorter flights, I know with some of the budget airlines, it can be more complicated. You've got like an underseat bag or a regular cabin bag and all kinds of things, but generally for these flights, it is one cabin bag and one personal item. So, for me, for my actual cabin bag, I don't normally take one with wheels, to be honest. I do sometimes if I want more room, but more likely, I will take my rucksack. And this is the travel hack bag. I absolutely love this. I love the big pockets on the sides cuz I can fit like water bottles in there. Um, sometimes in this side, I put my umbrella in. It's got a laptop pocket at the back here. So, you just slide your laptop into there and it opens out at the front. So you pull both zips down and this like completely pulls down and you've got more pockets in the front. So this is my favorite bag I've had for a while. It does also have one of these on the back so you can slide it onto your suitcase handle and I find that so useful cuz then you don't have to carry it separately. Then for my personal item, I always like to take a cross body bag. This is my Disney Orbit Key cross body sling bag. This was very kindly gifted to me. I love it. And this is perfect as a personal item just to put the stuff in that I want all the way throughout the flight. And then this bag will go in the overhead compartment. So I like to bring both of those. Let's go for what's in the rucksack first. So as you saw my water bottle. This is the Britta filter bottle. This is so good. I've talked about this so much, but I cannot rate it enough. It has a disc filter that goes in here, which you change hardly ever. You don't need to change it very often to be honest, but it completely filters the water to the point where you can fill this up from the tap in your hotel room and drink it. And if you've ever been to Orlando before, you will know that the water, it always has this very weird chloriny taste compared to in the UK. And I just could never ever drink it. But with this, I can just fill this up. And you can fill it up in the parks. Often when they give you water in the parks, it tastes funny as well. Honestly, this thing, you will not regret it. It's so good. In the other side, like I said, I normally would have my umbrella, which is here somewhere, but I've got this that I purchased while I'm here. Park Days and Lattes. It is a Starbucks tumbler for putting my coffee in at home. Um, so I've just put that in the other side for traveling back, but normally my umbrella would be in there. I also have my eye mask. Whether you struggle to sleep in hotel rooms where there's any light coming in or you want it for the flight, it was very inexpensive. Again, I will link it below. This is just amazing. I love this eye mask. Then I've got my Soundcore headphones and these kind of fold up so they take up less room in your bag and then they fold down to be like the overear headphones. I cannot rate these enough for the price that they are. They're a very very reasonable price. They're noise cancelling and the amount of sound that these actually block out is unbelievable. On the flight over, you do get obviously quite loud engine noise most of the time. I could barely hear anything. And I was in the food court here at Allstar Movies earlier and there were loads of massive groups checking in today. The noise in there was crazy. I put these on to do my editing, just couldn't hear anything. It is unbelievable. So, again, linked below. Then I've got a hat in here. I'm actually about to go over to the gift shop to see if they have a black one cuz I'm in the market for a Disney black baseball cap, but I always keep that in my hand luggage bag just in case when I'm traveling my hair is bad. Often on the way home, I wear a hat just because if you're sleeping it gets a bit messed up. Then I've got my trusty snack pouch. I've had loads of questions about this, so I will link this below as well. It's just really handy to be able to put all of your snacks in. I've still got some of the stuff that I had on the flight over that I haven't eaten, just so you've definitely got something for the flight, especially if you're flying with Norse like I am on this flight because they don't have snacks for free. You can buy stuff, but it's quite expensive, so I like to make sure I bring my own. I've also got this phone clamp thing, which is really good for the plane. Your phone goes into this bit. Hang on, let me just show you. So, your phone clamps in like that. And then this bottom part spins around all different ways that you might want to use it. And then this pushes out so that you can clamp that onto the tray table on the plane. And then you can watch all your own films or whatever you want to watch on your phone instead of inflight entertainment. Or in my case, on the way over, there was no inflight entertainment. So, I was able to clamp my phone onto the tray table and watch stuff the whole way. I actually can't remember where I got this from, but if I can find it, I'll link it. I always have a pen in my bag as well because you never know when you might need a pen. A little Clinel wipe just in case I need to clean anything down. There's some indigestion tablets in there as well. And also in that bag, it's not in there at the moment, but my laptop would go in and the charger for it as well. And then in this small bag, which would be my personal item, I have my power bank. This is quite a big power bank. It's actually a laptop one, so it's powerful enough to charge a laptop, which a lot of power banks aren't, but it can also charge up phones. It does my headphones as well and it charges really fast because it is a more of a heavy duty one and you don't need a cable cuz it's got a USBC which is attached right underneath. It's absolutely brilliant. It is kind of pricey. I don't know what it is at the moment. I will link it below, but it's so good. It's the best power bank I've ever had. I usually have my other power bank in there as well. This is one of the wireless ones that just kind of clips onto the back of the phone and then starts charging. So, you can kind of then still use the phone while it's charging. Then of course I have my passport. Most important thing. This little card holder I've had for years. It's a coach one that I got in the outlets out here. And this has got all of my bank cards, my annual pass, my license, anything else I might need in there. And my phone obviously would go in there. And also the camera, but I'm talking to you on it right now. I would have my camera, my small tripod, and my microphone for the camera in there as well. So that's pretty much everything for the packing on this trip. As I said, because I've now actually done the trip, I can just talk a little bit about what I needed and what I didn't. This was a very mixed trip in terms of weather. So, when I first arrived, it was a lot hotter than it normally would be in January. We had one day that was 28 and one that was 29, which is so hot for January. And I did bring, as you saw, like playsuits and dresses, so I was fine for that weather. Then, it's been colder the last few days. And I had the sweatshirts with me. I've also got my jackets. I've got denim jacket and a leather jacket. So, actually it's been fine. But 100% I would say if you are going in December and January definitely maybe November as well, definitely pack for cold weather because it can just hit like that. So, one of the days it was actually 28 the day before and the following day it just dropped and was freezing cold. In the UK, we're not normally used to it going that dramatically up and down, but it can do when you're in Florida in January. It can literally go from boiling hot to freezing cold. So, plan accordingly. Make sure you've got layers. Make sure you've got coats and jumpers and stuff. I know it's annoying cuz they take up a lot of room in the case. On this trip, I think I brought too many outfits in terms of dresses and playsuits. I didn't need all of those. I ended up obviously having a few days when it was cold. So, in hindsight, if I was only going for a week, I think the only thing I would pack a few less of like dresses and things. I just didn't need the amount that I brought with me. So, I hope you guys enjoyed this video and having a look at what I pack. If you've got any questions, you want to ask me anything about the weather or what to bring, what not to bring, please do put those comments and questions below. Thank you guys for watching as always. I really do appreciate each and every one of you. I hope you're all having a great day and I will see you very, very soon. Bye.
