---
video_id: JSiQzVjbSdo
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "TOP 10 HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS RIDES, ATTRACTIONS & EXPERIENCES 2026 ✨ WALT DISNEY WORLD"
published: 2026-01-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSiQzVjbSdo
---
Hey everyone, welcome back. And today we are going to be going through the top 10 rides, attractions, and experiences at Disney's Hollywood Studios for 2026. And Disney's Hollywood Studios feels to me like the smallest of the four Disney World parks, but it's actually not. Magic Kingdom is the smallest. I can never get my head around that. It feels so much bigger, but Hollywood Studios is more compact, so it does feel smaller and easier to walk around. You do get very long lines at this park. They've recently added some new shows with big capacity to kind of help bring down the weight times, but I thought I would go through the top 10 things to do today to help you plan your day at this park. So, let's get into counting them down. First up, we have Star Tours. And this is a Star Wars themed simulator ride. It's been in the park since 1989, but it received an update in 2011. So, there's different scenes that you can experience. They have different beginnings, middles, and ends, and it randomizes it all. There's over 250 different combinations and this one can make you feel a little bit motion sick. That's the only thing I will say. If you suffer with that, just be careful. But it's a really fun ride. It's normally got a very low weight time. So, this is definitely one not to miss, especially if you are a Star Wars fan. At number nine is The Little Mermaid, a musical adventure. This is a fairly new show. It only opened in 2025. There was an original Little Mermaid show which closed in 2020. It was closed for several years and then this has reopened as of 2025. And we really enjoyed this. It uses projections. You've got live actors in it as well. The music from The Little Mermaid, in my opinion, is some of the best of any Disney film. And like I said earlier, the shows do really help with capacity in the park and reducing the weight times a little bit. But this is great. It's enjoyable for every age. I would definitely take the time to see this one. Next up, we've got Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. And this attraction opened in 2020. It replaced the Great Movie Ride, which was one of my favorites. But I do love this, too. This was the first ever ride-through attraction featuring Mickey Mouse. And it's in the theater in the middle of the park. As you walk in, you can see the theater there. It's really impressive inside. Absolutely love it. This attraction uses the trackless system, which I really love. I love all of the attractions that use that. You go through various different scenes. This is just really, really fun. I do love it. I loved the great movie ride, but I would highly recommend doing this one. Again, it's just a really fun ride for all ages. At number seven, there's another new show. This also just opened in 2025, and that is Villains Unfairly Ever After. It's a really big theater, so hopefully you should be able to get in when you go along to watch this one. I absolutely love how colorful and bright this show is. It uses screens, as you can see there. It features several of the different villains. Your magic band will actually flash along with the show, which I really like. It interacts and it's just really fun. There's an interactive element in the There's no audience participation, don't worry. But you do have to kind of make a decision, let me just say, along with your fellow audience members. But we really enjoyed this. It wasn't too long. So, I felt like that was good. It was a good amount of time to sit there. Again, I think all family members would enjoy this from children all the way up to adults. So, this is one definitely not to be missed in my opinion. Next up, we have my favorite attraction in the whole of Hollywood Studios, which is Toy Story Mania. This ride originally opened in 2008, but it received an expansion in 2016 to help with capacity. They added an extra track. This is a midway game style of ride. You've got your 3D glasses on as you go around. I absolutely love this. It is so fun to compete against your fellow player. I always seem to get stuck around 180. I cannot get above that. It is just one of the attractions. I always come off having had the best time. and I absolutely love it. At number five, we've got Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. This is a ride over in Galaxy's Edge. It's another simulator style ride where you are piloting or assisting with the flight in the Millennium Falcon. You'll be designated pilot, gunner, or engineer for the mission. There's a fair bit of pre-show to this ride before you actually get to the ride itself. And I prefer actually being a gunner or an engineer. I don't love being the pilot cuz I feel the pressure on this ride. But it's really fun whether you're all on there together in your group or whether you're with other people. And they are actually going to be doing an update to this one in 2026 when The Mandalorian comes out. So that will be changing slightly with a new story line. They do have single rider for this attraction and I can highly recommend that if you want to get on a little bit quicker, but it's not normally got too bad of a wait time. It can vary. Sometimes on very busy days, but on quieter days it's really not that bad. But you can use that single rider line if you need to. And I just love the theming. Even as you're exiting the ride, you can see where the damage has been done to the ship. I just think it's really well themed and perfect in Galaxy's Edge. So, this is one definitely not to be missed. At number four is one of the most iconic attractions in the park, and that is the Tower of Terror. This opened in 1994 with a single drop. It basically feels like you are dropping in an elevator in a hotel. It's terrifying. This is not a ride that I am a fan of, but I had to include it here because it is so many people's favorite. The theming of the queuing area and this entire ride I think is incredible. I quite often just go through the queueing area for this. In 2003, it was given a refurbishment where it now has a randomized drop sequence, so it's not just the one drop and it is random each time you do it. It's themed around the Twilight Zone. Little bit scary for younger children. It's probably not for them. and it does have a height restriction on this one, but definitely if you're into your thrill rides, this will be for you and it's just very iconic at Hollywood Studios. At number three, we have Hollywood Studios nighttime show, which is fantasmic. This was originally introduced in 1998. The theme of this show is around Mickey as the sorcerers apprentice and the Disney villains. It did receive an update in 2022 with new scenes from Moana, Frozen, and Mulan and updated effects. It depends on what time of year you're there as to how many showings there are. At the moment, there is only one per night. Sometimes there's two during spring break and summer. Always check on my Disney Experience app. It's got huge capacity, so providing you get there early enough, you should be able to get a seat. It really is a great show, so it's definitely one not to be missed. Next up, we have Slinky Dog Dash, which is a family roller coaster. Having said that, it is still quite a thrill ride. I think I have seen some videos of very small children on there being a little bit scared, so it is still quite thrilling. This is in Toy Story Land, of course. It's such a fun coaster. I really love this. It would be a great one for children who are just starting out on roller coasters, I think, to um try them out on this and see what they'll be like with other rides at Walt Disney World. It does have long lines, though, so watch out for that. It's a very good one to get a Lightning Lane using Multipass if you can. Otherwise, I would ride it very early in the morning or last thing before the park closes. And finally, at number one is, of course, Rise of the Resistance. This is definitely more an experience attraction ride allin-one. There is nothing else like this. This is such a unique attraction in any of the Disney parks. There's an awful lot of pre-show to this ride. So, you get onto the transports and you then go into the room. There's stormtroopers. There's a bit more queuing again. There's all sorts going on before you actually get onto the ride. So, it does make for quite a long experience, I would say, of about 20 minutes in total. That's not including the kind of outside queuing time that might be there. So, there's a lot going on. It uses the trackless system again, similar to Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway, but it is just so impressive. This really is unlike anything else. I love Rise of the Resistance. If you're a Star Wars fan, you just cannot miss this. And even if you're not, I think everyone I know I have been on this ride with has enjoyed it whether they love Star Wars or not. It can get a very long line as you can imagine. They do now have a single rider option. The only thing with that is it does cut out some of the beginning of the ride. So you miss the part where you get on the transport and all of that. You kind of go in where the storm troopers are and go from there. So you do miss a bit of the beginning, but if you ride it regularly, you won't mind that and it's a way to get onto it a bit quicker. But absolutely number one ride I think at Hollywood Studios. One last thing I just wanted to give honorable mention to is Rock and Roller Coaster. You might be wondering why that hasn't been included in this video. It's because it's about to close. Not for too long of a time. It'll be going down for refurbishment on the 1st of March and reopening in the summer, but it's being rethemed to The Muppets. I really can't wait to see what that's like, but I didn't include it in this video just because it is closed for part of this year and I haven't seen the new version yet. but it is a classic and ordinarily would definitely be in this top 10. I hope you enjoyed this and it was useful for planning your trip. If you did, please do give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing if you're looking for more Walt Disney World content. I have got a lot of content, a lot of vlogs from over the years. I will link the top 10 rides, attractions, and experiences in Epcot at the end of this video, so you can click right onto that and watch that one. And coming soon will be top 10 Magic Kingdom. Hope you're all having a great day, and I'll see you in the next one.
