---
video_id: R6z70LVcDc8
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Animal Kingdom, last ever ride on Dinosaur, Restaurantosaurus & Disney Springs 🌳 DISNEY WORLD 2026"
published: 2026-02-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6z70LVcDc8
---
I I take me home today. Take me out. Take me back to the sweet sweet. >> Good morning everyone from a much cooler day in Orlando today. The temperature has come way down. I think it is going to get a bit colder in the next few days, but today is just utterly perfect. And I'm here at Animal Kingdom after my very short visit the other day where I ran out of time. I've come back to ride dinosaur for the very last time and eat at restauranttosaurus. Both of those are going to be going away, I think, in less than a week, very, very soon. So, I've got to get that one last ride in. I also want to do the safari, eat churros, and have a coffee at Nomad Lounge and anything else I get done. And I think I'm also going to go to Disney Springs this evening to get Blaze Pizza. I haven't done that for quite some time. Just before I head in, I'm going to grab a coffee from Joffrey's. Coffee secured. I actually haven't had many hot coffees cuz I've been trying out all your Starbucks recommendations. So, I've just got my classic hot latte today. On that note, I'm hoping to get that latte mug from Starbucks today. And I got the blue donut. That's the one they had today. And it's got wintry snowflake sprinkles on. Normally, I prefer to share these. They're a little bit large, but it's breakfast and I'm the only one here, so I'm just going to go with it. Joffrey's donuts are the best. They're honestly so good. I'm in and I'm going to head straight for dinosaur, I think. I haven't checked the wait time, but since that is the number one priority today, I'm just going to go for it whatever time it is. I do love how different it is walking into this park. It is just so unique. There's no other animal kingdom anywhere in the world. Same as Epcot. >> Skies that look just like this. I feel like it has been so long since I've seen Kevin and I don't even know where she goes now because Dino Land is pretty much all closed and I haven't seen her around here for the longest time. Where is Kevin? It really does look so strange going under here and seeing what it looks like ahead. looks completely different. We're on the approach. Pretty soon, this will all be gone. Always sad when an entire area of a park closes. Why am I the most sad to say goodbye to this guy? I love this dinosaur. It is time last ever ride on this attraction. And we've got 45 minutes here. That's kind of high for this attraction on a Monday, but that's not surprising at all with it only having a few days left. I'm actually surprised it isn't a little higher. There are six days left to ride, so it's not surprising. It's not too crazy today, but I reckon when it gets to day like four, five, six, it will be extremely busy. So, I'm actually quite lucky to be doing it today. I'm inside now on Home Straight. walked the earth. >> In a moment, you'll be going live to our control center. However, that the future is true in the past. >> I'm Dr. Seeker, your friendly controller and a heck of a paleontologist so let's not talk about me. Let's talk about you and how you can help me make history today with the time. It's like this. If I can bring you back from the Cretaceous period, it's the reason that I can bring back a live dinosaur with you. Okay, now let's go get that dino computer. What are you tracking? >> Stylosaurus. >> Not our dino. Identify. Not our dino. Go, go, go. AVOID. >> That one really does throw you around. It's quite intense at times, but I'm so glad I got to have this one last ride. It's a classic. It's been here a very long time. I can't remember exactly when this opened. It may have been open when this park opened. I'll put it on the screen. End of an era, but we still have restauranttosaurus to go. Um, that is also going to be closing very soon. So, I'm going to head there now. And before I order, I'll probably give you a little tour around the different rooms. Just so we've got it recorded for the archives and then I'm going to eat something. Trying to get all the little details just before we go. It's going to look very different pretty soon. All right, let's get a proper look everywhere first of all. Also, I've just turned to the right, and this is where it takes you around to the Airstream trailer, but the detail in here is great. It's very big as well. There's a lot of seating in this one. And it looks like it is open. It's usually very busy in this bit just cuz it's quite cool to be able to go and sit in here. There's like a room and then the Airirstream trailer is attached. I would say this is probably the best place to sit in the whole restaurant. >> And we'll head back through here, back to the middle part where you actually get your food and then go and look at the other side. While I'm doing this, I'm scoping out where I might sit. I am going to miss this restaurant. I really like it. But like I said in the vlog the other day, there is going to be a quick service apparently in the new area that's going to be absolutely huge. which is going to be one of the biggest quick services I think in any of the parks. So, this is the other big room and I very much get Wilderness Lodge vibes in here. If you look over in this corner, is anyone else feeling very wilderness lodgy in here? And it just keeps going. There's another room back here. And they do have a little lounge back here as well where you can pick up drinks. I found myself a spot in this big wilderness lodge style room cuz I think this is my favorite. I really just love the high ceilings. And for my lunch, I have gone for the waffle cone chicken strips. So, these as well as being in a waffle cone, the coating on them is like crumbled up waffle cone as well. I'm kind of picturing these to have like a sweet mapley taste. And I love it in here because they have my absolute favorite blueberry pomegranate acai vitamin water which they sell in the hotel shop where I'm staying, but it's so expensive to buy it in a bottle. Oh, it's so cold, too. I wish we'd get this drink at home. It was my absolute favorite, but then I guess it wouldn't be a special if I could get it at home. Just try the fries, but I'm sure they're very ordinary. Nice though. And here they do tend to always have one like quirky kind of item. I think last time I had fries that had popcorn on it or something. I'm going to miss this place. Right, let's see about this waffle cone chicken strip. That's nice. Let me do a bite without the ketchup as well. That's really nice, actually. It does have a tiny little hint of sweetness, but I thought it would be more than that. I was worried I wasn't going to like it cuz I wouldn't really have liked it if it was very sweet. But there's just a little hint of sweetness in the waffle, but it makes it really nice and crunchy. actually really like that. Good choice for my last ever meal here at Restauranttosaurus. Okay, time to go. I thought I'd just give you one last look of the outside. I love the music they play around here as well. But pretty much by the time I get home, all of this will be closed up and gone. And I think I'm going to head over now and try and do the safari. I just looked on my phone. It's a 15-minute wait, so that's not too bad. Oh, got Donald over there. I am absolutely loving this weather today. It's so nice. If it could be like this all year, I would love it. I always love the view from this bridge across to the Lion King show. It's so beautiful. And I can't recommend Tuska House enough. It's one of my favorite character meals in all of Walt Disney World. I'll link a blog below where we went there. It's just such great interaction with the characters. And often if you book in the afternoon, maybe like 2:30, 3:30, something like that, it's very quiet in there. And then you get even more interaction with the characters. It's great. 10 minutes. Don't mind if I do. I honestly think this is the highlight of this park. It's amazing. I think Flight of Passage is the best ride, obviously. But got to do the safari. I have to do this pretty much every time I come here. I love it. I have a feeling this is going to be a walk-on cuz usually you queue all along this bit. Both the male and female will take turns sitting on the nest. >> Just like human fingerprints, no two zebra stripes are exactly alike, but families can always identify each other. And of course, mothers can always identify their young. Yes, that is the longest neck in the animal kingdom. >> Should get a little closer to make our loop past the Termite Mountains. Now, traps are going to spend a majority of the day on all four legs. It takes a lot of time and a lot of energy for an animal that size to get up and off the ground. So, they eat standing up and they sleep standing up, but you actually sleep about 30 minutes a day. That 30 minutes is broken up into several standing hours. Springbuck are the smallest species of angel. You'll find it here on the savannah. And you can see those Hartman's mountain zebras. Now, the easiest way to identify an African element by the shape of its ears. >> That was a great safari today. Sometimes you just get a really, really good one. Saw the giraffes so up close. Saw elephants, the lionesses. That was amazing. I loved it. It definitely does make a difference going to the parks on a weekend. It is much busier. So, if you're here on a two week trip, I would highly recommend staying out of the parks on the weekends if you can. If you have planned like shopping days, pool days, things like that, try and do those on Saturdays and Sundays and focus your days in the parks on the weekdays cuz it does make a big difference. They have something here at Kusafari Bakery. I'm going to maybe get it, but take it back with me. I don't want to eat it now cuz I want to go to Nomad Lounge. The seven layer bar. That's what I wanted. Graham cracker crust, coconut, pecans, sunflower seeds, chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, and sweetened condensed milk and salt. I'm going to get one of these to take back to the hotel. This is what it looks like. Slight problem though. They didn't have bags. They only give it to you on a plate and I don't want to eat it right now. So, I'm going to go into Zuri Sweets and see if they'll give me a bag to put it in. Looks really good though. Perfect. They gave me a bag in Zuri Sweets so I can enjoy this later while I'm editing. Let's have a look in this store while I'm right here. See how much quieter it is everywhere? Like I was just saying, compared to a weekend. This is a Monday and it is very, very chilled and relaxed. Oh, how cute is this? Look. Oh my gosh, that is the cutest thing. >> We'll be there for you. There's nothing they can do. Are you in my care? Are you in my care? I'm just going to pop into the Starbucks here. I'm not going to have one because I'll get my Starbucks later at Disney Springs. But I'm really interested to get that cup that I've seen. Here it is. The Park Days and Lattes. They've got a few different versions. There's this sippy cup one. This is the one that I like. Let me just see what kind of lid it's got though. Ah, it's one of those. I don't love those lids. Oh, what a bummer. They do have this one as well. This one just has like a sliding lid. I'm not sure it is going to keep stuff hot as long as my other ones I've got, but it's only ready to use at home. So, I think I might go for this one. It's not always possible to get into Nomad Lounge, but it does seem fairly quiet, so going to keep my fingers crossed. You can always sit at the bar. I was hoping for a table cuz I struggle on high up chairs with my TM. I can't get back off of them again. It's hard enough getting on. I'm on the wait list. She said it' be about 55 minutes and it doesn't work to text a UK number from there. But she said I should get a notification on the my Disney Experience app that. But it won't connect to anything. So it will come up on your phone. You click it and it just won't go anywhere. But that's probably the notification telling me to go back. But she said really just go back 15 minutes before the time. Let's go through Island Merkantile and then we can get to the other one. This is some of the new range that we saw the other day. I didn't see all of the stationary bits though. They got pens there. They're very cute. We did see that water bottle. They got chocolate flavored Rice Krispie treat there. Do like those pens. $22.99 though. Ah, they've started selling the ear holding straps. My mom made me one of these years ago, but Disney have their own now. They have some Doney and Burke stuff here. Look at the ears with Belle and the Beast. And they have ones with Oh, a bit of everything on there. We've got Ariel. I see the castle. I love Tink. Got Mickey on there. The Montreal. How much are they? I think that's $1.98. Oh my gosh, I love this Piglet sweatshirt. That is so cute. I love the color. $59.99. I really like that. And they got a Pooh Bear one, too. Oh, Disney are getting racy. I'm assuming that's a Zootopia thing. They have a lot of Zootopia 2 stuff here. You can get the fox ears >> and the Judy ears and hats as well. You get a Judy tail or a Nick tail beaver. I saw these this morning on the way in. They're so pretty. I love the color. And the Mickey head in the middle there. I actually really love this tumbler, but I do prefer the Starbucks one. Bet this one's a lot cheaper, though. Yeah, $24.99. That's a lot less. Oh, I love that pasta bowl. It's only $12.99. That's not too bad. I've got no luggage space, though. And that'll be heavy. They do have it here. What do I do? Which one should I get? I do love this one. And I will get my annual pass discount. So, that kind of makes it a bit more reasonable. I've just worked out with the discount it should be around £28, which is still very expensive, but I use these every single day at home. I use them more than regular mugs, so these really are my most used souvenirs. I think I'm going to get it. Ooh, that plaid shirt is really nice. I've noticed there's quite a lot of movement on the hoodies and sweatshirts. They've got the sweatshirt rail out. Definitely going to be cold tomorrow, so I think people are preparing. Oh, they got like a travel theme park guess who game like that. I've already got the Disney Uno. These ears very much seem to be the in thing at the moment. I've seen so many people wearing them. You've got Tree of Life, Tower of Terror, Spaceship Earth, and The Castle, but in like a really unique style, and they're $36.99. I do really love the colors. Don't think I've seen those before either. Got some really cute ones at the moment. They also have these Valentine ones. I'm already seated in Nomad Lounge. After I'd been to the store, I just wandered back over and said, "I'm just going to kind of wait." And she said, "Oh, no. It's ready." And I've got this perfect seat outside. It's breezy. It's cool. This is just heaven. And I've ordered my coffee and churros. The churros here at Nomad Lounge are to die for. Especially if you have them with a coffee, but if you're not a coffee drinker, you get tea, another drink, whatever. But definitely get the churros. They're so good. So, I'm just going to take some time here to chill and then I'm going to head over to Disney Springs. Got my coffee and the churros. They come with two dips. So, I think one's like a strawberry chili and the other one is a creamy almost custardy kind of dip. But these churros are honestly something else. Okay, I'm going to try one first with none of the sauces, just pure churro. Oh my goodness. Honestly, these are just 10 out of 10. If you've never had them, it is a must. I love the cronuts in Epcot. It's very similar sort of thing to that, but these are just warm and crispy amazingness. Personally, I think best snack in Animal Kingdom. And just to show you what it looks like inside. Obviously, I was sat outside today. It's really nice inside as well. It is looking so beautiful here at this time of night when the sun is just going down. See if we can set the statue off. Oh, yay. It worked. Time to head out now and go to Disney Springs. I haven't been to Disney Springs properly for a while. I feel like I've been on my last day when I've been in a bit of a rush, but I'm really excited for a Blaze Pizza. And I think I'm going to go to Riviera from here and then get a bus to Disney Springs from there. You used to be able to get a bus directly from the parks, but people were taking advantage of it and getting free parking at Disney Springs and then utilizing the transport. So, they had to stop that. So, you now have to go to a resort and transfer. You can go to Saratoga Springs and then walk across, but I prefer to go to Riviera and then just transfer. That's actually quicker most times in my experience. And I can really feel the cold starting to come in now. It's actually been quite warm today in the sun. But now the sun has gone down. It is much chillier. And tomorrow is definitely going to be a leggings and sweatshirt day. And I'm here for it because I love it when it's a bit cooler. I find it so much easier to get around, do everything, walk around all day than when you're sweating. So I love a bit of January cold weather. Made it to Springs. It was quite a full bus on both of them actually. And before I head to Blaze Pizza and end up wandering off in the other direction, I need something from Sephora. I'm just going to pop into here first. It's not that busy here. Again, it's a Monday evening, so much better to do this during the week. This place on the weekends and Friday night is crazy. Once or twice, they did have my Ralph Lauren Romance in these rollon miniature ones, but I never saw it again. I don't think they have it this time, even though they've got quite a big range. That's a bummer. I didn't quite have what I wanted, but I managed to get an alternative. So, that's good. And one thing that I should mention, it doesn't happen very often if you have a card provider that doesn't charge foreign transaction fees, which you definitely want to have when you're coming out to Florida. So, it might be Stling or Monzo. Now, Lloyds don't actually charge on my Lloyd's debit card. When you go to some places, it might ask you, do you want to pay in US dollars or British pounds, always select US dollars? Cuz if it does ask you that and you select British pounds during the actual transaction, it will probably then charge you conversion fees. whereas your card won't if you pay in local currency. So if you're ever kind of caught on the hop and it's saying US dollars or pounds always pick US dollars and providing your card provider doesn't charge then you won't get charged anything. And if you ever need guest services and things like that they do have the welcome center here at Disney Springs. So before now I've come here to renew my annual pass and things like that. I can't believe how fast the temperature has dropped. The cold weather is here. There's no queue outside here which is a good sign that it's not too busy. It is really good value in here if you're looking for just a quick dinner. Pizzas are $12.95. I think if you do create your own, it's the same. Build your own $12.95. Yeah. So that's the same. They do annual pass discount in here as well, which is good. This smells so good. As always, I've gone for veggies. I've got mushrooms, broccoli, artichoke, peppers. I know some people have got very strong feelings about broccoli on pizza. I personally love it. I feel the same way about pineapple on pizza though, which I think is just wrongness. I know a lot of people think broccoli is wrongness, but not sorry. And they have my pomegranate blueberry asai vitamin water. I think I have drunk my body weight in this already so far. They sell it in bottles at the hotel. I have drunk like more than I care to admit. This looks so good. Right, let's try. Blaze pizza is the best. I swear it's better than Domino's, Papa John's, anything like that. That is a 10 out of 10. Definitely. I've had Blaze loads of times, but this is actually one of the best ones I've had. What's going on on this trip? When I had the soup and grilled cheese at the festival, that was the best one of those that I've had, and I've had that loads of times. It really is just such great value as well. When I think about some meals I've had in sitdown restaurants and paid loads for it, and it's just been okay. And then this at $12.95, it's just an absolute steal for how good it is. Normally I end up taking some with me, but I have eaten the whole thing because it was just too good. And I'm going to get a refill of this drink because I've been buying the bottles of it in the shop like I was saying, and it's really expensive. So, I'll fill this up and take it with me. So, I don't need to get one tonight. I'm going to head out now and brave the cold. I'm pretty sure it is going to be freezing now. Just met a lovely subscriber there as I was leaving. I've met lots of you guys today. Do you know one place I haven't eaten at for years and years and years is Planet Hollywood. In fact, I think I've only eaten at the one here at Disney Springs once, and it was years ago before it was even changed the on the outside. You know, it used to be I don't know. It's like decorated on the outside. Did it have stars? Was it blue and red? I don't know. Whatever it was. I think I ate there when it was like that. So, we're talking years ago. I really need to try it again. It doesn't tend to have the best reviews, but I like to see for myself, so I'll do that sometime. Ordinarily, I would be tempted to get a Gideon's cookie to take back to the hotel with me, but I have that thing I bought from Animal Kingdom earlier. the seven layer bar, I think it was called. Let's have a quick look in Disney style since I'm passing. Got a Valentine's display. Oh my goodness. So cute. It's a balloon bag, which is it $90. That is very, very cute. They also have a t-shirt that says love is in the air. This balloon t-shirt is really cute, too. It's $39.99. And I don't think you'd even know that this was necessarily a Disney thing, but when you look at the love hearts, you've got Castle Cuties, My Greatest Adventure, Main Street, Valentine, Mickey and Minnie. They are really cute. That jumper is nice, too. That feels a bit like retro Disney. They've got this beautiful spirit jersey that I saw in Epcot the other day. So many of you guys went crazy for this. So nice. I love the Chesha Cat sweatshirt. That's really nice. Lilac isn't really a color that I would wear though very often. I think the daisy one is my favorite cuz I just love that turquoisey color. That sweatshirt's really nice, too. I have a very similar one to that, but this one's like beaded. When you look closely, they have a range of really, really sparkly tops here. I'm a little bit in love with this coat, but it is $129.99, which is extremely pricey. I would get annual pass discount to be fair. But yeah, love that they have all the Stony Clover stuff in here. It is so nice, which is very expensive. The hat's very cute, too. I am so behind on my Starbucks, but I already have a drink here in my hand, so I'm going to have to catch up tomorrow. I know I've already missed one day, but right now, I think I'm going to have to walk down and get an Uber because it is chilly and I'm not properly attired cuz it was quite warm today. Definitely tomorrow it is going to be the coats, the jumpers, the big chill has arrived. Everything looks so good at nighttime here at Disney Springs. Look at Splitzville. Hey everyone, I am back at home now as you can see. And this isn't your typical one of those where I just forgot to do an ending or I can't remember what happened. I do distinctly remember the end of this day and why there isn't an ending clip. As you can see, I've got my Starbucks cup. So, I did end up buying that. I took this into my local Starbucks the other day and all the staff there loved it because you can't get this one in the UK. So, the last clip that you saw was me walking through Disney Springs and as I've mentioned the temperature as I was leaving Animal Kingdom had just dropped way down. At the beginning of this vlog I was talking about what a beautiful perfect day it was and yeah, as I was leaving the temperature just completely plummeted. So, by the time I was walking back to get an Uber, I went to the Westside area to get an Uber and that is always the strawberry parking lot. So, if ever you're getting a Uber from the westside end, that is what you want to put in for where you want to be picked up. But there was some kind of delay with my Uber. So, I got assigned a driver and he took ages to arrive and it was absolutely freezing. It was so cold by the time I got back to my hotel room. I had to put the heating on, had a really hot shower just to try and warm up. You'll see in next week's vlog, which is Magic Kingdom, that it is much colder. So, yeah. Basically, I was trying to get warm and I didn't film an ending because I was just like freezing and in the shower and trying to sort myself out. I also just wanted to mention what I thought of that snack that I bought in Animal Kingdom, the seven layer bar that I got from Just by the Safari, cuz I realized I didn't say anything about that. It actually wasn't how I thought it was going to be. I thought it would be more like eating a piece of rocky road or millionaire shortbread. Do you know what I mean? That kind of texture. But it was a lot stickier. It did say that it had sweet condensed milk, I think, didn't it? So, I guess that's why it was more sticky, but it definitely had a softer texture. And to me, I could just really taste what I can only describe as like an oil taste. So, you know, if something's got coconut oil in or when you have extra virgin olive oil, it's just a very oily taste. To me, it had that. So, I wasn't a huge fan of it. In conclusion, all of the components of it were kind of nice and sounded nice, but just altogether it just had that kind of taste that wasn't my favorite thing. But I wouldn't discourage you from trying it. I always think everyone should try things themselves because everyone's taste buds are different. But yeah, it wasn't my favorite thing. I've actually heard in Animal Kingdom now they have a cookie dough ice cream bar which you can get. I'm not 100% sure where you get it from. I'll put it on the screen here. But that definitely is something that I'll try next time when I'm there with Paul cuz that sounds amazing. But I just wanted to film this ending to this vlog and say thank you so much as always for watching. Lots of you have subscribed after I mentioned it in my last few vlogs. I've been posting vlogs here on Disney in Detail for 10 years now and I'm really hoping that we can achieve 100,000 subscribers on this channel. It really would mean so much. It'd be a huge milestone. So, I just want to say thank you to everybody so far who has subscribed. Lots of people watch who aren't actually subscribed. So, if anybody would like to subscribe to help us towards that goal, I would really appreciate it. But a huge thank you to everybody who has so far and to all of you who have been subscribed for years. Some of you since the very beginning, however long you've been here, just thank you so much. I do really appreciate each and every one of you. Like I said, next Saturday will be Magic Kingdom. It's a much cooler day, so a different experience and a very, very chilly ride over to the Magic Kingdom on the ferry boat. I've just remembered that as I'm talking about it. It was so cold. I can't wait to share that one with you. So, I will see you next Saturday for that one. Again, thank you so much for being here and for watching. I hope you're all well and I'll see you next Saturday. Bye. I'm going give you guys what I call a park bench moment. So, I'm just going to let the camera roll and you can kind of people watch with me while I drink this.
