---
video_id: fw1UEZuJM6M
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Magic Kingdom closed early..so everyone went to Epcot! ✨"
published: 2026-03-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw1UEZuJM6M
---
I I take me home today. Take me out. Take me back to sweet. >> Good morning everyone from Walt Disney World. I'm here at the transportation and ticket center. I'm headed into the Magic Kingdom this morning and the park closes at 4:30 today which is quite unusual but they're hosting a cast member event to honor cast members with significant milestones which is really lovely. So it closes at 4:30. I'm here for a few hours this morning and as a result a lot of day guests won't want to use a full day of their ticket when it closes at 4:30. So I just checked on the app and there are some very low weight times by the look of it which is great. And then I'm going to head across to Epcot to do a few rides there because I did mostly the festival the other day. And I also really want to get another grilled cheese. As you can see from my outfit, it is nice and cold here in Florida now. The temperature dropped way down yesterday, but it's bright sunshine. I love it when it's like this. Loving this Mary Poppins music as we arrive. Just wondering if I should go and do the ferry boat cuz I have done the Montreal quite a bit and I'll be doing the Montreal to go to Epcot. So, let's maybe go and do the ferry boat. It's very tempting to grab a Joffre on the way, but I want to get some Starbucks drinks off my list of your recommendations today. So, I will wait until I get inside. As hard as it is to just walk past caffeine, haven't had one yet today. Oh, I can smell it, too. Dang, there's hardly anybody here as well. I think it is going to be quite quiet in the park. If you are in Disney World during cold weather, that ferry boat ride across to the Magic Kingdom is bracing. It was pretty cold. I'm guessing that's why everyone was on the Montreal. I don't mind it, to be honest. Whenever I'm in Orlando, I'm just happy if I'm not sweating. It's actually such beautiful weather, though. For the most part, whether it's been warm or whether it's been cold, the sky has been blue pretty much the whole time. It's beautiful. Oh my goodness, this music. I could honestly cry. >> So, I'm just looking at my Starbucks list here. Might go brown sugar, oat milk, shaken espresso. A lot of you actually suggested that one. Walking in here when it's this relaxed is so nice. The other day when I came, it was a Saturday, so it was absolutely crazy. I do want to have a quick look in the emporium today as well, but because it is quite quiet, I think I should be able to do that on the way out before I go to Epcot. Just to give you an idea of the difference, the other day I could not get a table here and there is basically nobody here. So very very different experience to when I was here on Saturday. Got my drink. So again it's the brown sugar shaken oat milk espresso. I think it's very long name on this one. And I just got the little one, having learned the hard way to not get a grande in case I don't like it because that's the size I normally have. And it's iced as well in this very cold weather. But pretty much everything you guys suggested was iced. As you know, I normally drink hot coffee in boiling hot heat. Let's go. >> Yeah, I don't like it. It's very cinnamony, isn't it? Oat milk, brown sugar. Those things were in the title. I did not hear cinnamon in the title. I don't hate it. I can totally drink it, but you don't know till you try. I loved the peppermint mocka that you guys suggested the other day, and I'll definitely be getting that again. I think what I'll do, cuz it's so nice here, I'm going to go and sit over there, and I will give you guys what I call a park bench moment. So, I'm just going to let the camera roll, and you can kind of people watch with me while I drink this. No, we're we're I think I'm going to go Haunted Mansion first. I'm thinking what if it went down or something and I've only got until 4:30 today in this park and this is the last time I'll be here in the Magic Kingdom. So, let's go and do that cuz that's the most important. I had a little wait time check and I think it's 25 minutes which is not too bad. Tiana's is 5 minutes but it's so cold that I think nobody would want to get soaked which is completely understandable. I don't either. Just look how kind of chilled it is. Loving this today. Obviously, if you were paying like per day, you definitely would not want to pay for a day that closes at 4:30. So, totally get why it's quiet. If you've got the multi-day tickets, though, where you can just come and go, this is a perfect day to come. Oh, look at this guy just hanging out in the flower beds. He does look like he's stalking something. I don't know, maybe he's just hanging out. Just in the Christmas shop on the way over to the Haunted Mansion and they've got these toy soldier decorations and they got different sizes. So, you've got two there, or you can have three, four, five, or six. Wonder the price difference is. That's really interesting. They're all the same price. They're $22.99 whether there are two Toy Soldiers or six. I'm really surprised. I thought there would have been a difference in price. I have stepped out of line cuz I just had a thought. It is coming up to lunch and I think a lot of people around like 1 2 going to places for lunch. Maybe that'll make it a little bit shorter line. So, I'm going to go and ride something different now. I'm going to get some lunch and then I will come back and try and do the mansion. I like to try and minimize my wait time in line wherever possible. There's 5 minutes for Small World. So, I could do that. What's Peter Pan doing? 40 minutes. That's actually pretty low for that ride. I think might go to The Little Mermaid, do that, and then come back here to Pinocchio Village House for a salad. If I had my poncho, I probably would go and ride Tiana's, but I am not getting soaking wet clothes in this weather cuz honestly, you would freeze. Is that cold? Question is, because I'm going right past Gaston's Tavern, am I going to be able to resist having a cremele croissant after I've ridden the Little Mermaid? What do we have here? 10 minutes. Is that sounds good? I really wish you could go inside the castle. Wouldn't that be amazing as a walkthrough attraction? That was pretty much a walk-on, to be honest. So, I've just got tiny bit of queuing here at the front. >> What's this? You've come to a stop. Maybe it's that sea witch. see if we are and powers our greater evil than trienchroofing our days. I've ended all my ways. repentance in the fight that made a switch to unless you know why to die to join one another. >> What's this? You've come to a stop. >> I BRING GOOD NEWS. YOUR CLOWN SHELL will begin the moment immediately. >> I think I am going to have to get a creme brulee cross on. I was thinking I shouldn't have that before I've eaten actual lunch, but you know, I can eat dessert and lunch backwards. Here it is. This is honestly one of the best snacks in the Magic Kingdom now, in my opinion. Look at that crispy outside. It's so crunchy on the outside. It's amazing. In some kind of mad move, I did not pick up any napkins, but I do have hand sanitizer, so I can do a before and after hand sanitizing. And hopefully then it won't be all sticky. I've been hand sanitizing every two seconds this trip because I was so paranoid after I got sick last year. And fingers crossed I've been absolutely fine. This can get kind of messy, so I would recommend holding the plate underneath as you eat so you don't get flakiness everywhere or custard dripping down on your outfit. >> I'm sure you heard that crunch cuz I've got the microphone on. It is so crispy on the top. I love it. Haven't got to the custard yet though, so I need to get a bit further in. And this is why you hold the plate right underneath. When I took that last bite, it went everywhere. Oh my gosh, I'm getting in such a mess. Now I've tried it on camera. I'll save you guys watching me eat the rest of this because it is so messy. And then I'll go on to Haunted Mansion. All done with that snack. And while it is honestly a 10 10 snack, it is so so good. It is also 10 10 messy. It is literally the most messy snack. I can't think of one in all of Walt Disney World that is more messy than that. I think a knife and fork would probably be a little bit better. Um, but it's worth it. I was sat there. I was like, is this actually worth it with how messy it is? Yes, it is. And I met some lovely subscribers back there as well. Say hi to you guys if you're watching. I think I'm going to do small world. Oh, I've missed Blinky. Hippo. Hippo in Disneyland Paris. Not Blinky. Okay, all done on Small World. And now I'm going to go and ride the mansion for sure. Whatever the wait time is, I'm just going to have to suck it up because I can't leave without having ridden my favorite attraction. Oh, this is good. It's a bit shorter than it was earlier. And no high spirits are frightfully sensitive to Heat. Heat. You may now kiss. >> Now I will raise the safety bar and a ghost will follow you home. I love the Haunted Mansion so much. I could honestly just ride that ride over and over. It never gets old. It's just amazing. So glad I did that. And I think I've just about got time to get my salad before I have to do the live stream. So to head to Pinocchio Village House. In fact, let's get a mobile order going while I'm walking to save time. And they're already preparing my order before I've even walked in. So I'd highly recommend using mobile order. I always do. It's so much faster. And it's already ready to pick up. And I literally just stepped in, got my salad. I always get the side Caesar salad and then get the kids chicken strips cuz the Caesar salad they do now comes with grilled chicken and I just really like the Disney chicken tenders. So if I do it this way, I can still have it and it's quite cheap, too. All done with that quick lunch and I've got about 10 minutes before the stream. I've just had a look and I think there is a festival of fantasy parade today at 3:00. So the parade will happen and then literally the park closes at 4:30, so not long after. So, I'm just going to go and do the live stream and probably show the parade and walk towards the hub. And then once I'm done with that, just before the park closes, we can take a look at the merchandise in the Emporium before I go across to Epcot. And I've just been looking at the wait times in Epcot. They're pretty much normal. It looks like a normal day. I may potentially have to have the grilled cheese and soup for my dinner tonight because I love it so much. It was so good when I had that the other day. Maybe the mushroom risotto as well. Maybe I could have those two little things for my dinner in Epcot. But I'm excited to get over there. It's really nice doing Magic Kingdom and Epcot both in the same day. I just love both of these parks. So yeah, I'm going to go and do the stream and then I'll come back to you guys when I'm at the hub. I may even be able to film a little bit on the camera as well as doing the live stream. So hopefully I can show you guys a bit of the parade as well. No, I'm disgusting. You got your rhythm. Let's take a look around the emporium. It is kind of busy in here because the park is getting towards closing. It feels so weird having such an early close. It's just not something that normally happens. Unsurprisingly, we're going straight for the mugs. And this range, it's called Brocher Icons, I believe. I posted about this on Instagram before I came away. I'd seen it on Disney Springs page. Love that. This plate's really nice, too. These are the Skyway gondilas. They used to have something similar to the Skyliner here in the Magic Kingdom many, many years ago. And these are the little gondilas, and they've got plants in them. That's very, very cute. I was just showing this mug on the live stream where the roses make up a Mickey head. I love that. This is one of my absolute favorites. I already have this one. They still have the Montreal one. Paul has this. I bought it for him. In fact, he was using it when I talked to him on FaceTime earlier. This one's nice. I love the design. I'm not hugely keen on the shape of it, but I do love the design and the color and everything. They've also got a set of pens in this brochure icon range. and coasters looks like there. This glass is beautiful. Actually love that with the gold around the edge. And then this set of cereal bowls is really nice, too. This is the candle I really wanted last time from Disney Springs. The doughut warm cookie. Oh, it's just a total Main Street smell. It's amazing. I just don't have space for it. When I come with Paul in April, he always packs lighter than me, so there's usually a bit of space left. won't tell him yet that I'm already mentally using his suitcase space. If you look up, it's just such nice detail there. I've zoomed in. You can kind of see the detail up there and the mural that they have up here as well. Have a quick look here at the Loungefly bags before I head across to the confectionary cuz I want to pick something up in there. This one's very cute with the Disney cats and dogs on. believe that this lights up. The fireworks actually light up here. I don't know if there's a way of testing it out. Probably not. I don't even know how you switch it on to be honest. But yeah, the the fireworks light up. Very beautiful. How much is it? $90. And I don't think there's any new ears that we haven't seen yet. They do have some black sequin ones, but I don't love those as much as the ones I have from Magic Maker Ears. There's a snack in here that was on my snack list. Oh, that smell just hits you every time. Oh, look at this carriage. Oh, it's got candy inside. I wondered if it was the new version of the trash can. You know, where you get your bulk candy, but it already has orange flavored jelly pumpkins inside. And this is it here. The Mickey strawberry cookie sandwich. That's what I was going to try. They always have such nice stuff in here. I'm not going to attempt the popcorn today because there's a huge line and I always get that. I have secured my snack and I will probably have that maybe when I'm in Epcot. Actually, I'll get another coffee. Let's just say our goodbyes though to Magic Kingdom cuz this will probably be the last time unless I can get here on my very last day before I go to the airport. But I can't guarantee that. So, we'll say goodbye just in case. Not for long though cuz Paul and I will be back at the end of April for our next trip and he's so excited to come back. And I think we'll have a bit longer here this time cuz last time we did Universal and Disney. We will be going to Epic Universe again. Um but mostly we will be here. So, I'm trying not to trip over. Mostly we will be here at Disney so we'll have lots of time for him to experience everything next time. There's rides he still hasn't even done. So yeah, I can't wait to come back with him. Look how beautiful though. And I'm sure everyone is going to have had the same idea of going to Epcot because it is the one that closes the latest. I think Hollywood Studios actually may also close at 9:00, but with the Montreal, I think a lot of people are going to be heading that way. So could be busy, but hey, we'll see when we get there. The express Montreal line does look a bit crazy. So, I think I'm going to go resort Monreal back in my favorite place. I love it so much. And I think I'm going to go and try and ride Remy's Ratatouille Adventure in the Single Rider line if it's open because I haven't done it since they took away the 3D. I don't think you need glasses anymore. So, I'm going to head over and do that, but I might get a coffee before I do that. Need some caffeine after that experience. Getting over from the Magic Kingdom was a long process just with the volume of people who were trying to come across with the park closing. So, uh, yeah, that was a bit of a long-winded process there. Got my coffee because it is quite chilly. I've gone for my blonde roast latte. That's my favorite thing. And there was nowhere to sit inside, I think, because it's quite chilly and is very busy cuz Magic Kingdom's closed. Everybody was inside Connections Cafe. It was like super busy. There was not one table free. And while I'm here, I'm going to have a little bite of that snack that I bought in the Magic Kingdom. I'm not going to eat it all cuz there's other things that I want to have here. I'm just going to maybe have a little bit of the ear. bit of a clue what shape it is. And this is it. It's the Mickey strawberry cookie sandwich. So, it's Mickey shaped cookies, strawberry flavored frosting, and it has the freeze-dried Skittles around the edge. So, I'm not sure what to expect with this, apart from the fact that it's going to be very, very sweet. I know that much. But like I said, I'm not going to eat it all now. Just a little taste. Uh-oh. So, number one thing to take note of, it is very crumbly. As you just saw, it tastes good. The only problem is the freeze-dried Skittle that was in the piece that I just ate was a grape flavored one. In the US, the purple ones are grape flavored, which is not my favorite flavor. So, that made it taste weird. So, I'm just going to eat another little bit that crumbled off. I'm not sure what I think of it. I'm very confused. I don't think I've ever been so confused by a snack before. Overall, I wouldn't get it again. I think the Skittles actually ruin it. I think it'd be better if it was just the cookies with the strawberry frosting because the fruity tastes of the Skittles are making it weird. I think that's what it is. And it is very sweet as expected. I wanted to try it because it was new, but I would give it a five out of 10. All done with my coffee and feeling revived after that. Thank goodness. Look at this beautiful lighting here in Epcot. Going to head for Ratatouille, but I'm going to go via Pop Eats cuz I really, really want to get that grilled cheese and tomato soup again. Just going to walk through here to go that way cuz it looks like there's a bit of a party going on here. Oh, look at these. Love that. It took quite a while to get this because it is so cold. The line for the grilled cheese and soup is so long today. And there's no one for world showcase for soft serve. Since I had this the other day, I've been dreaming about it again. So good. I would absolutely love to know how many of these grilled cheeses they do in a day. I would love to know that number. I bet it's so many. I love this. This is one of my favorite festival snacks ever, especially on a cold day like today. 10 out of 10. To finish off my eating for the evening, I'm going to get the mushroom risotto cuz I make that at home a lot. So, I'll be really interested to see how good this is. Got my risotto. I couldn't really find anywhere where I could kind of set up to eat it. So, I've just found this bench with this little family of friendly bears behind me. But here is the risotto. I'll put a clip in so you can see it a bit closer. This is a $10 risotto, though, and it is literally like a little scoop. So, that's expensive. Like I said, I make this at home for dinner all the time, and that is very pricey for what it is. But it's all in the taste, of course. The other thing in this weather, you have to eat everything really fast because it gets cold so quick. It's nice. It's got truffle on which I really like and the cheese is good. >> I do think mine is slightly better though. It's good but nowhere near as good as the grilled cheese. I would give it seven. Oh, I just got maple popcorn waft as I was walking through. So good. Oh, there's some crazy lighting going on here. I'm making my way to France to the ride. Before I do that, let's just check it's not down. I got no reason to think that it is, but sometimes that ride does go down. Oh, it's 7 p.m. as well. I can watch impressions to France. Yeah, showing us an hour wait, but I'm hoping the single rider line is in use. The >> UK music's kicked in. Why is it so funny? Oh, look at the rainbow colors here. I love this. It looks like there's an impressions to France show in 6 minutes. So, I'm going to do that first and then head around to the ride. Normally, this show is dead quiet because it's so retro, but there might actually be quite a few takers tonight cuz of this cool weather. or maybe not. Loved that. I always love seeing that show and it was actually kind of cool seeing the end part where they're in Paris because I've just been to Paris with Paul as well as Disneyland Paris. We actually went into the city. So, it's kind of cool to see some of that. I am yawning so bad. I'm obviously really tired. So, I'm going to go and see about doing Ratatouille in the single rider line and then probably head back. I'll go through and get an Uber from the beach club. I think the standby weight is down to 35 minutes now. So, if there is single rider, hopefully it will be fairly quick. I feel like the France pavilion is just so big now compared to the others. Single rider is open. So, in we go. Just did a time check. It's 7:53. Let's see how long it takes to actually be getting on the ride. The glasses case is closed. I'll be really interested to see what this is like without the 3D. Just about to go on and it's taken 7 minutes. That was really good. I do think I slightly preferred it when it was 3D with the glasses though. It's exactly the same. They've just taken away the 3D element. I don't know. I just felt like it was a tiny bit better before, but still loved it. Just thought I would show you this screen on the way out. You probably can't see it very well. So, resort buses until 10:30 p.m. Boats until 10:00. Montreal every 15 20 minutes till 10:30. The park closes at 9:00. Obviously, you have the fireworks at 9:00 p.m. And you can linger around a little bit afterwards, obviously. But don't be there so late that you miss your transportation. Let's just go through World Traveler cuz you know that's what we do around here whenever I'm using this exit. Oh, I don't think I've seen this Spirit jersey before. It's a specific World Showcase one with Mickey and lots of different outfits from around the world. Then this Epcot Loungefly. I think we have seen this one before. And they have all different t-shirts from the different pavilions. Got a United Kingdom one there, Mexico and Morocco. Then we got China and Italy. I haven't actually seen these before, specific to each country. The Norway one with Donald is probably my favorite. Then Germany, Japan, and France. And they got mugs from the different pavilions here. So they got Mexico one, Canada at the top there. This store actually didn't used to have so many things from each of the countries. It used to be more generic stuff. So, I love that. I love that France Pavilion Loungefly bag. And look at this one. How cute is that? Those ears are really pretty as well. I think they're the Germany pavilion ears. Wow, there's even more. They have this Mickey range. So, Italy, France, Norway, Canada, United Kingdom, Japan, Germany, Mexico, got the USA there, and then they have pins to match as well. I still haven't picked up my 2026 pin. I really need to do that. I really love that Epcot one and the Skyliner next to it. I love both of those. Seems strange seeing the Skyliner. So quiet. You can see a few of the Skyliner gondilas through there. It's opening back up on the 1st of February, I believe. It's just a short refurbishment. It's like an annual thing. So quiet around here. Normally, you'd get a lot more people just wandering around, walking up and down. And I think people have taken to their beds with it being so cold. There were a few people obviously still in Epcot, but yeah, definitely. It is not normally this quiet. It's only 8:00 p.m. I think. You would think it was like 12 or 1:00 in the morning looking at this. I do need to pick up a couple of drinks and snacks for back at the room. And I might actually go to the shop here and get something cuz I'm getting a bit bored of the very limited range of drinks and snacks in my hotel shop. Look at the beach club, though. This looks so beautiful. I genuinely just thought it had been snowing. What the heck? It's going to be so cold. They're covering up the plants. That actually looked like snow. That was so funny. Ooh, beach club loungefly. That's so pretty. Look at the little ice cream on the bow. Can't see a price on it. It says it's scented. Let's just investigate that. Oh, yeah. It smells like vanilla. This is a store that I very rarely come into. Got a big range of these cups. Look at this one. That is so nice. They have a trash can mug. What the heck? Why have I never seen that before? So many of you said that this was your favorite. So, I thought it'd be interesting to just explore why that is. I know a lot of people want to stay at the Allst Star, and you might be deciding between sports, music, and movies, and you don't know which one to pick.
