---
video_id: C6QXecpZi_w
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Mundo Pixar Experience London ✨"
published: 2026-03-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6QXecpZi_w
---
Hello everyone and welcome to a new vlog. And as you can see, we're not at home. We are actually up in London for Paul's birthday. >> We're at Wembley. >> We are. We're at Wembley. Um it's an early birthday, so your birthday isn't until the weekend, but we're up here midweek because Paul's got a couple of days off and we're here to do the Pixar experience. >> We are. And I'm actually really looking forward to doing that. Yeah. >> Well, you said it to me a while ago um that it was coming up and I was trying to think of something we could do. we only had today and tomorrow and I was like I know we'll come up here and do that. So that's what we're here for. Just really 24 hours, isn't it? It's just a quick 24 hours. >> Yeah. But like we love London and we love popping up here to visit. >> It's really close here to Wembley Stadium. So we're at the Premier Inn. We're just right in front of that now. And um I think it's like 10 minutes away from here. We're going to um just go and get a coffee probably and then head over to do the experience. This is the Premier Inn we're staying in. And fun fact, right next to it, just peeking out the side there, is an ibis. And I believe that is where I stayed when I did my training when I worked for Carphone Warehouse way back in oh 20 years ago. It was 2006. I stayed in that Ibis. Did my Carphone Warehouse training happy days in my younger years. But I was just looking at it thinking, "Yeah, that's it. That's exactly where I stay." >> I've only ever stayed off at an ibis in Birmingham. And I have to be honest, it wasn't my best experience. >> They're not great for quite a while. But then saying that, we stayed in one in Paris, didn't we? >> That was on ibis, wasn't it? >> That was actually quite nice. It was a very compact room as I'm going to wear. >> Yeah, they always are in Paris. But >> it was quite nice. Yeah, >> it was nice. And over here there is a designer outlet and I have left my sunglasses in the car. So, I think we're going to go and see if I can just grab a pair. And we actually drove up to London. That's what we always do now cuz trains are so expensive when there's two of you. And we always just book a parking space a little bit further out. So, we're at Auxbridge this time. Anywhere where that you can get onto the tube line, basically we park the car on someone's driveway. You go onto the app and people who rent out their driveway, um it will come up all the different options. So, we paid £15 for like over 24 hours parking >> and that is amazing for London prices. >> Yeah. So, and it's so much better than paying for trains and you don't have to drive in central London either. It is a bit weird just pulling up on some random person's drive, but for cheap parking, we're happy to do it. Nobody's ever come out, have they, or said anything. You just park and go off. >> Yeah, that is quite low. >> There's Wembley, so it's very, very close. And you've got loads of shops and restaurants and stuff. Some sort of nicer ones, but there's like Gregs, isn't there? And all kinds of things. Little >> tests. There's um Five Guys. There's a Slim Chickens. I didn't take any notes whatsoever. >> And then there's this outlet. So, there's loads of shops as well. Speaking of outlets, Paul's got his nice new coat on that we got him when we went to Clark's Village. Looks nice. >> I love it. So warm and cozy. >> Yeah, it's really nice. It is absolutely huge. We were saying about how it'd be good to do a tour cuz they do stadium tours. If I zoom in, you can see the steps up to it. Just how big it is. This is the weirdest walk to get to this thing. There's just tons of construction and we don't actually know how to get to it. I think we've done a complete circle. It is confusing, but I think we're nearly there. >> We walked off and around. >> Yeah, we just went around the back by accident. This is it. We're in. Excited. I am so excited. >> Welcome to London Pixar Experience. The largest Pixar immersive experience coming to London for the first time. An exhibition by Golden Peak Entertainment presented in collaboration with Proactive together with RG. Here you will travel through unique universes >> ready to embark on adventures and experience countless emotions even my favorite Are you ready for the adventure? We're in the first room and we've got the up house. And they said in each room there's the Pixar ball that you've got to look for. Paul has just found the ball. Look, it's on the end there. Can you see it there? Just on the ledge. This is so cute. Look how they got all the room done. Oh, there's Kevin. Love her. Yeah. Oh my gosh, this is brilliant. Seeing the doors is just making me so excited for the new roller coaster in Hollywood Studios where you're going to be like flying along with the doors and seeing these up here is just making me think of that. I cannot wait for that to open. I think that'll be massive for Hollywood Studios. >> Spot. >> It's there. We've just spotted it. It's up at the top of this door. Hang on. Let me zoom in. Excited to see what's next. Oh my goodness. Look at this. Look at the size of this dresser. Paul has spotted the ball. There it is in the corner of the bookshelf. It's really tiny in here cuz everything is so massive. You can see people stood by the bed here. >> It's massive. >> I love it though. I actually wish beds were this size. >> Oh, we got Toy Story 3 room. This might be my favorite actually. >> Wow, this is amazing. This is so cool, isn't it? Look at all the caterpillars. >> My socials have gone that mad hor. >> Oh, where? >> Top shelf. >> How did you manage to see that already? >> It's on that bookshelf. We've walked into every room. Of course, just gone. There it is. They get better as they go along. >> Yeah. >> This is so neat. And I love like look at all the stationery and how big it all is. >> We're in the elemental room now. This is so neat. Look at these guys. My goodness. >> This is a bit amazing, isn't it? >> This is amazing. I love all the memories in here. And they got joy, anxiety, and sadness. This is going to be good. It's ratatouille. Oh, this is so neat. There's the ball. I just spotted it, but Paul had seen it ages ago, I think. As usual, >> I have been noticing them, though. >> Yeah, >> I've been looking. >> I'm taking a break. >> They got this giant cookbook as well. Anyone can cook. >> Anyone can. >> Anyone can. >> Anyone can. >> Did you used to watch Can't Cook, Won't Cook back in like the '90s? I used to love that. And they used to bring in carry bags from the supermarkets. Back then they had the budget of5 to actually buy stuff from supermarkets and they put whatever they wanted in the chefs had to make something out of what was in that. >> I totally I loved that show. >> That was amazing. >> It was Ready Steady Cook. Maybe >> I think it was Ready Study Cook. >> Was it? >> Yeah. Cuz it was based on time >> and it was green peppers and red tomatoes. That's right. And at the end you had to hold up in the audience a green pepper or red tomato. >> Yeah. And that's what carrier bag. >> Yeah. Okay. Smell in here. >> It smells really good in here. >> This is so >> Oh, it's pretty obvious. Wow. Once you see it, you won't forget it. >> There it is. >> Oh, wow. >> This is the second cocoa room. Look at this. >> Wow. >> This is amazing. >> That is exactly what I was just going to say. Can you imagine? >> Imagine like having this in your kitchen. How cool that would be. >> That would be amazing. >> It would. Oh, now we got Luca. Oh, I love how it smells in here. This is smells like a real Disney smell to me. like a Disney resort lobby vibe. Found the ball. >> You found the ball. Oh yeah, almost found it. It is just here on the corner. They've got some other props in this one. You can pick up these ice creams, the little moped there. It's very relaxing in here. >> The sea is always relaxing unless you're in a big boat on it. >> True for you. >> I found the Disney cruise very relaxing. I'm sure you would. Everyone talk into a Disney cruise in the comments. Oh yes, >> I love this. Got Flo's VA cafe, which if you go to California, you can actually go in FLA cafe. Got Nemo now. Oh, I love this. It is so relaxing in here. They have this giant pair of goggles. You can kind of get inside, but Paul did a run yesterday and went to the gym and he couldn't actually >> Well, your knees are killing you. >> To be fair, I got up at 4:00 in the morning, went to work for 6. >> Yeah. >> Finished work at gone 7, got home, got changed, then went on a 3mile run and then got back home, then went out again after that. So, >> and now he can't bend down into now. This call, which I do not believe a lot of people would have spotted. I haven't seen it yet. >> Okay. Job to show you where it is. >> Yeah, cuz I can't see it. Oh, it's in there. That one is quite hidden to be fair. If >> they put chairs in this room, I'd literally just sit here all day. >> Yeah, it's very nice in here. >> Especially if they had a coffee machine on the corner. >> Oh yeah. And that is all the rooms. We've got a gift shop here though to have a look around. I really love that. That's nice. >> Oh, Sadness. I love her so much. I love the anxiety bag. a Dory bag. >> That's actually really funny. Got a Lightning McQueen mug. I love Edna. Anyone else in the Ednner fan? Let me know in the comments. Is that like a biscuit tin? >> It is like a biscuit tin, but it feels quite heavy. >> Oh, it's a stationary set. Sketchbook set. I would use that tin for biscuits. That's quite neat. They have specific Mundo Pixar Experience merchandise for London. So, I guess this exhibition tours round, I'm imagining it's going to go all over. And yes, this for the current London one. I like that. I actually love that. That's quite funny as well. Got an Edna t-shirt. Sometimes t-shirts are a bit like thick and boxy, but that's actually really nice. Love Wally. That is a pretty amazing umbrella. It's huge though. >> It's more like a golf. >> It's massive. Yeah, I think it's one of those massive ones. I wouldn't want to carry that around. I love the Pixar ball on it. And you can buy the Pixar ball, the one that we've just seen hidden in all of the rooms. You can pick yourself up one of those. And that is the end of the tour. I really loved that. We'll talk a bit more about what we thought later, whether it's worth it and all that kind of thing. Oh, feel that cold. It's so hot in there. That's the only thing I would say. >> Yeah, it was way too hot in there. We went for a wander around the local area after we've been to the Pixar Experience and found this incredible bakery called Bread Ahead. The donuts here were just an absolute dream. Everything they had looked incredible. And then we went for a wander. Saw the swifty steps as you can see here. And then we headed back to the hotel because our room was ready by that point. Just checked into the room and this is pretty cool view of Wimbley Stadium. >> I really like it. >> Yeah. This would be an amazing hotel though if you're coming to a concert or event. What the heck was that? >> That was a pigeon doing like some sort of a weird dive. >> It literally did a dive. Do you think it was okay? >> I don't know. I hope so. >> Oh, I can't see it down there, so it must have been. And this is the room. We've got a Premier Plus room. We really like these actually. Most Premier Ins now. Well, actually, I don't think it's most, but a lot of them do have these rooms where you have a proper coffee machine. Um, just over here. Less said about me and mom with the coffee machines. >> Paul is so excited by his donuts. They do not come with the room. Here it is. That looks absolutely naughty. It's pretty weighty as well. I'm going to try and eat this over the box so we don't get sugar everywhere. >> I tell you what, do you know Ratatouille where the food critique has a bit of ratatouille and his hair goes right the way back to when he was a child? >> Mhm. >> I've just had that moment eating this donut. >> Yeah, these donuts are very much like >> old school. >> Yeah. proper kind of old school donuts, but the creamy stuff in the middle. It's not like the synthetic kind of custard that you get in the supermarket ones. It's a really nice proper vanilla custard. That is so good. They were expensive. They were like £4.75 per donut, which is really expensive for a donut, but that is worth every penny. >> I'll do it again tomorrow. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. >> We are in Bread Ahead again. You know the place that we got the donut from yesterday? We're actually in the restaurant bit now and you can see Wembley Stadium right behind Paul there. >> There you go. >> We got our breakfast and was so keen that we just shoved it down. >> Yeah. So, we didn't vlog our breakfast so apologies. >> I will put a picture in though. >> Yeah. >> It was absolutely delicious. >> Do you know what? If you're coming to London and you're around, it is an amazing place. It really is. >> That is the best breakfast I've had in ages. We weren't sure whether like that kind of food would be as good as the bakery stuff they've got, but it totally was. We're a bit obsessed with breads. >> Breadheads. Yeah, >> we are. We need one nearer to us. I think we're going to go in a second and just look around the outlets and we've decided we can't resist getting one more of those donuts, but we're way too full at the minute. We're going to get it and take it home with us and maybe have it tonight. >> I'm going to get a cinnamon bun >> after this. You know, they're not going to be a frequent thing for us. So, >> and also I reckon I think the bar is kind of set. >> Oh, yeah. as to our life when we go out for donuts or breakfast or something like that. I think the bars now kind of set us to what we're >> I don't know how I feel now about a supermarket custard donut to be honest except Morrison's cuz theirs are really good. >> Donuts here are very old school. They've obviously been properly made. >> We're on the move again and having a wander around here. This is the London Designer Outlet and I didn't know this was here. They've got loads of different shops. It's very similar to the outlet shopping in Florida or the one that we go to at Clark's Village, but they have a lot more here. It does remind me of the one in Florida in terms of what shops they have here. We are about to head to the station. Paul's looking very, very happy. I said bed ahead then. >> Ahead. Tired. >> I think I am. This will be our last one for a long time. And Paul has got the cinnamon roll and it looks pretty good. It's a very sticky, gooey cinnamon bun. >> Yeah, >> that does look good. Paul is a cinnamon bun fan. It's one of his favorite things. >> Oh, look. It's literally just dripping out. >> Oh gosh. How is it though? >> Good. >> Need to have a moment. It is just absolutely amazing. >> I just got John Cage vibes from Ali Mciel when you said about taking a moment. >> I just want to have a bath full of them. >> There's a reason that's not a good idea. They've made them prohibitively expensive so that people can't eat too many. >> So, a 10 out of 10. >> Nice. Hey, we're back now from the Pixar experience and I just wanted to wrap up our thoughts on whether we thought it was worth it, whether we enjoyed it and everything. First of all, I will say we both really enjoyed it. We thought it was worth the money for us personally. I think on this occasion, we'd paid £29 per ticket. I think on evenings and weekends it can be a little more expensive than that. And for us, as you saw in the vlog, we stayed overnight and we enjoyed looking around the area there at Wembley and found the really nice bakery that we loved. So, we made a couple of days of it, a little trip, and we personally really enjoyed it. But in terms of whether the actual experience was worth it, this is always so difficult to answer. It's a little bit like when people ask me whether the Halloween party or Christmas party out in Florida are worth it. It really does depend on a lot of things. Like, if there were more of you, say four or five people, the price would then really be quite high. And I think you need to go into it just with your expectations kind of managed because there's nothing interactive happening. It's more like an exhibition basically. You're walking through the rooms. It's very very cool to see and especially the Toy Story rooms where you feel shrunk down and everything's massive. That was really really good. I loved actually how that felt seeing all of that and being there. We loved all of the photos that we got, but there isn't anything that you're interacting with other than you're looking for the ball in each room. I guess that's kind of interactive, but there's no actual characters to meet or nothing happening as such. And I think for some people that would mean that the price seemed a little bit high for what it was. Um, I would have loved to have seen some actual character meet and greets there. I sort of understand why that isn't the case. I think that it would be difficult for people getting photos. I think you'd get cues then happening. We were lucky we were there on a not very busy kind of time. But I think if you were there an evening or a weekend, that was the only thing I did think. There were times when we were taking pictures and you feel like you're getting in someone's way or you're trying to like wait um to take a picture and getting in somebody else's way. So that was the only thing. I think if there were more people there, which at times there must be, um that could be even more difficult. So I think you just need to think about it for yourself. are you willing to pay that much effectively just to get the photos and the experience of it. There's nothing actually going on as such. I loved it and it was a nice little Disney fix in between trips. And speaking of trips, I wanted to let you know what is coming up because there is some very exciting stuff. So, very, very soon, Catherine and I are going to be doing another trip together. I'm so excited to be doing another trip with Katherine. I love our trips together. This is going to be our fourth year in a row now that we've done a trip. However, it's not Florida this time. Katherine and I are going to be going to Disneyland Paris to see the new Disney Adventure World, the world of Frozen, everything that is going on. We'll also be going to the other park as well. Um, but we are going to be doing the first ever Catnip in Detail Paris trip. We're both so excited. I absolutely can't wait. Paul and I were originally going to be there for the opening. I really, really went back and forth over that a lot. Um, I just couldn't decide. I like agonized over whether or not we should go on the opening day because I've got so many concerns about the park reaching capacity. I think they have said that that might happen. I had images of us like queuing for miles and miles to get into the actual park and never getting to see anything. And I just didn't really want to risk it. I thought that we could go all the way out there and we might not really get to actually cover much of it. So to be on the safe side, Catherine and I are going to just be leaving it a couple of weeks and then going. Um, so we'll still be very busy, I'm sure, but we just cannot wait to get over there and see everything. It's such a big big moment for Disneyland Paris. Such a big change. And going to see any new expansion in the Disney parks is always exciting. But we're very very excited for this one. Um, the reason Paul isn't coming with me, we've actually been looking at our plans for later in the year, and there's another trip that we want to do, which is something I've never done before. Paul definitely hasn't, but I haven't either. Um, so we are very excited for that. But in order to do that and go to Disney World at Christmas, as well as what we've got coming up, he wasn't able to take time off for all of it. Pretty much as soon as I'm back from Disneyland Paris, I think I have a week in between and then Paul and I will be going to Florida. Absolutely buzzing for our second trip together. He's so excited as well. If you watch the vlogs from the first time, I'll link those below if you haven't seen them or if you want to watch them again. Uh Paul absolutely loved his first time out in Florida and at Disney. Um, we're going to be staying at Kadani Village again at Animal Kingdom Lodge. Redoing Epic because we did that uh preview day that didn't go overly well. Everything was down. So, we're going to be redoing that. Lots of restaurants that we didn't get round to last time that the pool has never experienced before and a couple of others that he loved and then we're going to be doing those again. So, yeah, we just absolutely cannot wait um to get out there to Florida again. So, all of that is coming in the next couple of months. So, if you're not already subscribed, please do because there's going to be so much coming up. And thank you to everyone who has subscribed. As you know, I am hoping to reach the goal of 100,000 subscribers after 10 years of doing these Disney vlogs. I've been on YouTube for 12 years now, but 10 years um doing Disney vlogs, it would be amazing to reach that goal. So, thank you to everyone who has subscribed and every time you comment or like or just any of the support that you give, it really does help. And I wouldn't be here without you guys, without you watching these vlogs. So, a huge thank you. And I hope you're all having a great day. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you soon for Disneyland Paris and the new Disney Adventure World. And I hope you're all having a great week. I'll see you again really soon. Bye.
