---
video_id: D0CcVIypeT0
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "IS MOVIES THE BEST DISNEY ALL STAR RESORT? ⭐️ Walt Disney World Vlog"
published: 2026-03-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0CcVIypeT0
---
I I take me home today. Take me out sweeties. >> Good morning everyone from Allstar Movies. I moved to this hotel yesterday. So, I've been at the offsite one all week and then I just moved here for one night and today I'm going to be going home. But I wanted to show you around this resort. That's why I did a one night stay here. I did a poll a while back. I don't know if any of you will remember that on Instagram and I asked which was your favorite allstar resort. And overwhelmingly the answer to that was Allstar movies. So many of you said that this was your favorite. So I thought it'd be interesting to just explore why that is. is I know a lot of people want to stay at the Allstars and you might be deciding between sports, music, and movies and you don't know which one to pick. So today we're going to have a look at why this one is generally acknowledged to be the best. Is it actually the best? What's the difference? And all of those kinds of things. I'm also going to be answering some of your questions today and then I will be heading to the airport later on. When I arrived yesterday, it was chaos. There was literally thousands and I mean thousands of cheer groups. Checking in to the resort trying to store your luggage was an absolute nightmare. Massive cues for that, massive cues to check in, massive cues for food. When I tried to get some dinner last night, the mobile order window was an hour away. Like that was the next available time you could pick up and there were huge cues for everything. So, one thing I will say, do not come here if you like your peace and quiet when there is a cheer competition going on. You can check online what the dates are. Normally, I do as well as checking like busy day calendars. I check for run Disney events and other things like that so I can avoid them. Normally, I do check for cheer competitions. I just didn't think about it this time and I happen to have turned up on a day when that is happening and it is so busy around here. There's a lot of noise, a lot of like running up and down corridors, things like that. So, if you value your peace, I would stay away while there's a cheer competition on, but it's only for one night. I'm not too worried. So, I'm going to take you inside the lobby, have a look around there, just grab some breakfast, and then we'll come back out and look around all the different sections of this resort and discover is it the best one of the three? Do we think it is and why? Store here at Allstar Movies is called Double Feature. Let's go and have a look in here. As soon as we walk in, there's this pink range which is everywhere at the moment. They also have some Allstar specific merchandise. They're not specific to each resort. So, there's not like music, sports, movies separately. It's just general Allstar. Got a sweatshirt there. $59.99. Then they have like a water bottle. You can get smaller things like pins and magnets. And you can tell that it is a cheer weekend because they actually have cheer merchandise. So that's how big of a thing these cheer events are here at Disney World and the Allstar Resorts especially. I do love the decor in this store cuz they have kind of like a theater vibe. Each of the registers has this box office bit above it. So it's just really nice theming. And they have some swimwear stuff just in case you've forgotten things. I don't know that they have adult swimwear though. Can't see any. I think it's mostly kids. There's some really nice mugs at the moment. I saw some of these at the beach club and then suddenly I've been seeing them in the other resorts now, but not in the parks, funnily enough. Maybe they are in some of them, but I haven't seen them. Got this purple castle one. This design actually came out a while ago. It was called Ink and Paint. Got Mr. Toad on there. And I haven't seen it for a while, and then suddenly it's returned on a mug. This one's really nice, too. That bow one that we saw as we were coming in. And this one, I think, is so fun. It's different ride vehicles with plants growing out of them, which is a bit random, but I love it. There's also a section over here for snacks and things that you might need for the room. I always recommend buying your milk in here if you need milk for your room rather than in the food court because they do the bigger bottles that are $450 for that big one. And in the food court, they only do small little cartons that are more expensive. Same goes for water. They only do the small ones in the food court, but you can get a bigger one. And the one that's twice the size is only a dollar more. But I would definitely recommend having one of the Britta water bottles that I use and then you can just fill it from your room tap and it tastes perfectly fine. It filters everything out. I'll link that below. I wouldn't waste money on bottled water. It's expensive. Then they have bigger bags of chips and dip and things like that. Essentials that you might need like medications, baby food and stuff like that. Toiletries, sunscreen as well. Well, it's not the cheapest way to buy it, but they do have it here if you're in a pinch and you need it desperately. And they do have a few houseware items here. These things are really nice for gifts, actually. I really like these as a present for someone. They're just little clips to use in the kitchen if you got like bags that are open and you need to seal them up. And that's $14.99. I always think that's a nice little gift. Here is the main lobby area for Allstar Movies. And it's a little bit calmer now. This is the first time it's been calm since I got here. When I arrived because of the cheer event, it was absolutely just rammed in here. We've always got a board here with the park hours for each day. I doubt there'll be many takers for the water parks today. It's quite chilly. And it tells you about early entry and things as well. If you're staying in a Disney resort, of course, you can go half an hour early. One of the things that I think makes this resort better than sports and music is the food court. They've got a mobile order window pickup here. As you can see this morning, it is much calmer. I love the decor in here. the way they've got the lighting. Again, it very much feels like a movie theater. The different sections, you got Rialto, Roxy, Grand, Lyric, and Majestic. And each of these areas have different food options. I'm going to take you around to look at those. Since I've been staying here, I've discovered one of the best snacks that I've eaten the entire trip and several last trips that I've done. Actually, I think it might be up there as one of my new favorites. I'm going to show you that in a second. So, over here in Majestic, you've got pizza. And you can buy whole pizzas or you can just buy a super slice. The super slice is huge. It's definitely enough for one person for a meal. Then they have kids meals, chicken and vegetables, mac and cheese. They've got buffalo chicken pizza as a special. And they do kind of create your own meals where you can pick your protein. Chicken, salmon, or shrimp and then you can have sides with it. They've got rice and veggies, potatoes, chicken, adobo nachos at the moment. That looks good. And soup. Looks like they have kind of stir fry things, beef and vegetable and a sesame chicken. So, there's loads of options for food. Here in the grand section is like the grab and go. So, they've got just some bagged snacks similar to what was in the shop. Have cereals and cereal bars, Pop-Tarts, and stuff like that. Here is the bakery section. And this is my new favorite thing, the lemon mering quason. I'm going to grab one of these in a second and have it with a coffee. Honestly, it is to die for. It is so good. It's similar to the PB&amp;J croissant you can get over a pop century. It is stuffed full of lemon and then you've got meringue on top. It's too good. But there's all sorts of options there. Then potato chips and they do have some allergyfriendly cookies at the top there. They've got drinks in here. If you do have an annual pass or a DVC discount or anything, make sure you buy your drinks from the shop and not from here in the food court cuz in the shop you'll get a discount of 20% in here. You don't. And they do have some graband-go sandwiches and salads in here. And like I was saying, the milk, they only do these tiny cartons that are $259 just for that small tiny little thing. So buy milk in the shop definitely. Then over here they have burgers. Showstopper burger, bacon cheeseburger, Korean style Impossible Burger. They've also got kids cheeseburger and chicken strips. And then over here in the Rialto section, this is where you can get specialty coffees. They've got a mango tea. That sounds really nice. And then just over here you've got your refillable mug. So you can either buy this for $22.99 for the length of your stay or if you've got the dining plan, it comes included as part of all of the dining plans. These are the refillable mug stations over here. Just to give you an idea of what you can get. Got all the normal Coke products, Powerade, High Sea, root beer. You can also get coffee, regular and decaf, hot cocoa. And some of the machines are slightly different. For example, this is my favorite, the Asai blueberry pomegranate. They do have that there. So, I'm just going to go back and grab that lemon mering croissant and a coffee. And then we'll go off around the resort and have a look at the theming in all the different sections. They have a loaded sugar cookie over here that looks incredibly sweet. And if they're out of the lemon merang croissants over in the cabinet, they do have a few extra ones here. Got my coffee. And I love that they do like a nice big latte here. It's not just the coffee that you get like the drip coffee out of the machines. I like a proper one. And these are so good. And of course, the lemon mering quissant. This thing is unreal. I'm not ashamed to say I had one yesterday for breakfast and it was that good. I've had to get it again today because I know I'm not going to be able to have this again for a while. It is so heavy. Like there's so much lemon curd in the middle. It Oh my gosh. Let me just cut it open and show you. It has to be seen to be believed. I've cut it open so you can see inside. It is completely stuffed with lemon, but it's not too sugary and not too tart. That's what I really like about it. Honestly, this is one of the best things I've eaten. in the entire trip when I only discovered it literally right at the end. I did pick up a knife and fork though because as I discovered yesterday, if you try and pick it up to eat it, it's extremely messy. So, I would definitely use a knife and fork just so you don't get in a massive sticky mess. Here we go. That is a 10 out of 10. If you love lemon mering pie, you will absolutely love this. And even if you're not sure whether you love lemon merang pie, get this and try it because honestly, it's amazing. So, I'm going to finish this and like I said, then we'll go outside and walk around all of the different areas in this resort. It's getting very busy here in the food court now with the cheer competition. Loads of people are coming in to grab lunch and stuff. So, that' be a good time for me to head out and have a good walk around. I've also got some of your questions to answer. I might do a few of them here, a few of them at the airport, and some on Instagram as well. I'm on the move again, and I just wanted to show you there's also an arcade, which I think all the Disney resorts do have one, or most of them. And most of them have massage chairs. If you've overdone it in the parks, bring your noise cancelling headphones, get in this chair, and honestly, it's the best thing ever for your aching body if you've ever done it. There's also various activities at all of the Disney resorts. At the Allst Star, they always have a movie under the stars, and it changes each day. A lobby party Thursdays and Saturdays at 8:00 p.m. where your favorite pajamas for games, dancing, and more. Sorcerers campfire, arcade tournaments, Mickey tie-dye, arts and crafts, poolside activities. So, there's lots going on on days that you're not wanting to go to the parks. They have a sign here as a reminder. I don't always see this sign. Hope you're enjoying your stay. Please remember the quiet hours are between 11:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. It has been pretty noisy around here. It was quite noisy last night as well. With huge groups of teenagers, it's to be expected, which is why I wouldn't plan to stay here during any of these events if you like your peace and quiet. They have the silver screen spirits bar here as well. They do have a laundry room here as they do at all of the resorts. One thing I have heard though, very recently, there's been problems with international card payments with the washing machines and people have been unable to use it. I think you can potentially purchase like a token to use instead. I don't know the ins and outs of it, but just be aware of that. That could be a problem. And they do have this outdoor seating area, which is a reasonably big area. I don't think Allstar Sports or Music have one of these. I've walked down to the Toy Story section so we can start our tour here. I think this is my favorite. You've got giant Woody and Giant Buzz over there. The theming is just so great in this section. And if you look around here and on the other side, they've got the big wall here and window just to make it feel more like you're tiny in a giant bedroom. As you can see there, there is cheer practice going on like I was saying with the competition. And that kind of happens all throughout the resort in the like green areas. You will get a lot of practicing going on. Then around here you've got Bow and Rex as well. Personally, I think one of the reasons that this is the most popular of the three allstar resorts, I think they've just done a little bit more with the theming than at the other ones. And because it's movie based, I think most people love Disney movies, whereas music and sports, I guess, is a little bit more specific with the theming. If you're into sports or into music, even if you're not, the rooms are the same in all of them. But this one, I just think people love the theming more. And again, they've got the big door coming into this area. If you have a preferred room at this resort, you will either be in this section, the Fantasia section, or 101 Dalmatians. Like I said, we're going to go around to all of them, but those are the buildings that you might be in. And I was unexpectedly upgraded to a preferred room. And I'm in the Dalmatian section. And then you got RC out here as well. This is what I mean by the extra theming. I just feel like music and sports don't have as many little things like this. I should mention for those that don't know, the rooms are not themed to each individual section. So, the actual rooms are not Toy Story themed. It's just the section that you're in. All of the rooms are the same at all of the resorts. On that note, this might be a good time for me to just put in some footage of the room. Like I say, it'll be the same room in music, sports, or movies. So, I'll put that in here and then we'll continue on. In all of these rooms, you have the TV and the cabinet underneath. And there is a safe in that cabinet. You've also got a coffee maker and ice bucket and a fridge underneath. And they do have coffee and things and cups in the drawer there. In these rooms, you have one bed and you also have a pull down bed as you can see there, which doubles up as a table and chairs if you only need the one bed. So, it's actually really adaptable whether there's two people or four people. They very recently just put in refillable hand soap, which I love cuz I prefer it to bar soap for washing my hands. And in the bathroom, you have a shower over the tub, but it does have a glass screen, which I love, rather than a curtain. Plenty of space for storage in this area. You've got an ironing board and some storage underneath and a little wardrobe space to put your clothes. I think these rooms are great since they've been refurbished, especially at the price point. Being a value resort, I find them comfortable and always really enjoy staying here. One thing that I know a lot of people question are the buses, and I'll take you out to see the bus stops in a bit. I actually find the buses here, although the stops get a lot busier. Sometimes you walk out in the morning and you just think, "Oh my gosh, like there's so many people." But the buses tend to be more frequent. They also have those like big double buses that come. So, in my experience, even if there's massive lines for the buses, I tend to get to the parks quicker from here than some of the other resorts like say Saratoga Springs or Port Orleans Riverside where there's multiple stops. I actually find it quicker from here. So, I think the buses are really good. Same goes for the buses at the end of the night when you're getting picked up from the parks. I think because these resorts are so big, they tend to just have like a lot of very frequent buses to get the volume of people back here. And that's only a good thing and actually gets you back quicker. There's a little play park through there as well. That's good. If you have a family and you're looking to book a Disney World vacation, I do think that the Allstar Resorts are really good. Like we saw on the board there, there's a lot of activities. The little playgrounds, the pools are really good. So, I think they're a great option and they are more budget friendly than a lot of the other hotels. Now, we're coming up on the Fantasia pool. I'm just going to be careful filming around the pool cuz I don't like to film people in their swimsuits. You can see the Fantasia building in the distance there. Just to give you an idea where we are. So that is the food court on the bar. This is the pool and then the Fantasia buildings are around the edge. So we'll just go and look at the different buildings and the theming. This pool tends to be the busiest and the loudest. They have music and things like that going on. So if that's not your thing, there are quieter pools. You see the theming of this building with the giant soldiers. And as you can see during the day, you might be able to hear that there's some noise from the pool. Although I have got the microphone in noise cancelling mode. Let me actually turn it out of noise cancelling mode to see if you can hear it a bit better. Not sure if that will have made much difference, but you might be able to hear a bit more what the noise is like. So, if you don't like that, I would avoid these rooms along here. But if you love going to the pool, those would be perfect. But as we're walking around, even though it's an extremely busy time with lots of big groups, mostly during the day, people are off doing things. They're not here at the resort, so you can walk around quite peacefully and calmly, and it's not like people everywhere. In the mornings and the evenings, though, different story. One thing you notice a lot of these resorts is that people decorate their rooms, which I think is so cute. You've got someone here who's decorated. You see a lot of it at Christmas as well. People have their Christmas lights up. And as you walk down through here, I've got the pool behind me. We've got the love bug section. I don't really think it's that much of a walk to these rooms either. So, even if you're not in a preferred room, I don't feel like it's really far away. got the uh no noise reminder sign. Clearly, they have good reason to need to put that up. I love the theming of this section. Again, though, I just think one of the main reasons this resort is better is the theming. It just seems a bit bigger and better to me than music or sports. And it says there on the sign, this is the actual car that was used in the Magic Kingdom parades from 1978 to 1990. That's actually very cool. And then you've got the giant version of the car. Looks like the love bug is getting a bit of a clean over there for a bit of maintenance. Just having a little sit on this bench and I thought let's do our first questions and I'm going to answer two together. Gleon Dad asks, "Does the dining plan not make sense for somebody going on a solo trip?" And Rebecca is asking, "Is it weird on a solo trip eating in restaurants?" I think the dining plan definitely would work for somebody on a solo trip providing you comfortable sitting and eating in the restaurants by yourself. Of course, you could get the quick service if you want. But if you want the regular one, as long as you feel okay sitting and eating on your own, then it would work. And also, I think it just works better for people who are not fussy eaters and they're not plain eaters. And I am both. I don't eat expensive items. I'm not a fine dining kind of person. I eat a lot of vegetarian food. Like my favorite thing I've eaten this whole trip was grilled cheese and soup. So for me, the dining plan is never the best value because I just don't ever pick the high value items. So, generally speaking, I'm better off paying. So, that's usually why I don't do the dining plan. We are going to do it when I'm here with Paul because he would order the things like that and would be able to show you the good value things to do. But definitely as a solo traveler, it would be worth it if you like sitting down to eat in restaurants. And I never feel uncomfortable dining alone in Disney World. I genuinely have never. I always make sure I've got my phone to read something or a book or a Kindle if you've got something like that. I quite often sit at the bar in various restaurants like Yakin Yeti, Rainforest Cafe, Tanedo is a great one because you're sat with other people anyway. And in those situations, I quite often chat to people, but you don't have to. But no, I've never felt uncomfortable. Sci-fi dining is another one that's good cuz you're sat in the car. It's quite a quiet environment. There's definitely some restaurants that I think are better than others if you're dining solo. Let's just do a couple more. And again, I'm going to answer a couple of these together. So Jojo is saying, "Do you get an annual pass each year? Do your trips cost a lot?" And Ra is saying, "Can UK residents purchase an annual pass at guest services once you're in the States?" So, yes, you can. You can go to any of the guest services windows. You can't really do it in your resort. It has to be one of the parks like guest relations or ticket windows. And you can also do it at Disney Springs at the guest services there. Because I'm a DVC member, I'm able to get the sorcerer pass, which is only for DVC members and Florida residents. So, that's the reason I'm able to get an annual pass at a much more reasonable price is because of that. It does give you quite a big discount. There's some blockout dates. It's just Christmas, Thanksgiving, and maybe Easter. I never travel at any of those times. Anyway, tickets for a two week trip, it does vary by time of year. For this particular time that I was coming, it was going to be 550, and that's just for like one trip. So, for me, that's why I'm able to do multiple trips is because I've got my annual pass. Someone also asked about like cheap flights and hotels. On this particular trip, I paid £350 for the flight. That was return with luggage. And my hotel that I stayed in most of the week was £400 and I paid 100 pounds for this hotel for one night. So, as you can see, I keep my trips a lot cheaper than they otherwise could be. I do things on a budget. That enables me to come more often. I would rather come more often on a budget than do like one really expensive trip per year. That's just how I like to do it. Obviously, you saw on the way out here, if you watch my travel day, I had a bit of an interesting time with the Norse flight. Things like that can happen if you go with a more budget airline. if you prefer to make sure everything is going to be completely fine. You can never guarantee that to be fair with anything, but with Virgin and British Airways is unlikely that anything would happen like what I had. Um, but for me again, I just go with the flow. I want it to be nice and cheap so that I can come as many times as possible cuz I just love it. So, it is possible to do it on a budget as long as you're not looking for mega luxury when it comes to the hotels and the flights and things like that. If you want premium or upper class flights and deluxe resort hotels and all that kind of thing, it's going to cost a lot more than that. And now we're just coming up to the 101 Dalmatian section. You got this giant fire hydrant here. And this is the section that I've been staying in on this trip. And you can see how close the buildings are where they kind of join up. So this is the edge of one of the Fantasia buildings. And then it goes right here into Dalmatians. And then we got the giant Dalmatians. Again, there's some cute little details like this TV screen. You can kind of stand behind it and take a photo. And if you ever want to have like a quieter experience, you can request a room that's around the back. So, all of these ones that face outwards, you will get some noise from people walking around coming back from the parks at night and things like that. So, for example, if you kind of go around here, I'll just show you kind of like around the back of these buildings. You can always take the stairs as well. The fire hydrants are stairs. So, for example, if you're back here, instantly, there's just not noise back here. So, these rooms are much, much quieter. And then we're in the Mighty Ducks section, which is the final section of this resort. There's another pool here. And as you can hear, it's nice and calm, nice and quiet. And then the big hockey mask as you're going into the buildings. It's again more please be quiet at night signs. I just love the theming. Look how they have the scoreboard here. This Mighty Ducks area is actually significantly quieter, you can probably hear, than everywhere else that I've walked around. Might actually go and sit by the pool for a minute and answer a couple more questions. And just here, there's a place where you can pick up towels. So, you don't need to pack your own beach towels. That's generally a waste of suitcase space. And they don't like you bringing towels out of your room either. Just use the ones that are here. Feel like my hair is going a bit wild when I pick up my luggage. I'm going to put a hat on for the flight home. This is very relaxing here by this pool, though. I could sit here for hours. Maddie is saying, "Any interest in staying at the Riviera or Caribbean Beach?" Yes, absolutely. I stayed at Caribbean Beach this time last year. Actually, I did one night there and I did enjoy it. I love that area where you can walk around to Riviera. You've got the Skyliner there. It's very quick to get to Epcot. So, I loved that. I don't necessarily love the rooms at Caribbean Beach. They're one of my least favorite just because I find them a little bit tired. I think they need an update. But, I love the location. And Riviera, I would absolutely love to stay there. Johnny Jan is saying, "Wearing thermals." No, today is actually quite hot. I've got sweatshirt on and when I'm sat here in the sun, I could easily have a dress or t-shirt or something on and I wouldn't be cold. Yesterday was quite cold and the day before um but today is warmer and then I believe it's going to get colder. So, you just don't know what to put on in the morning to be honest when you're here in January. Brian is saying, "Have you thought about buying DVC?" I have DVC. Um, I have been a DVC owner since 2013. I own at the Grand Fian. And because of how many trips I do, it's not enough points to cover all of my trips. So, once a year, I normally do a DVC trip and the rest of them I stay elsewhere, like here at Allstar Movies or wherever. I love being a DVC owner and it allows me to get the cheaper annual pass, which is obviously a really good thing. Lola is saying, "Any trips booked with Paul this year? You guys are so cute. Looking forward to more vlogs." Thank you. That's very sweet. Yes, we will be back here in Walt Disney World at the end of April. We're going to be staying at Kadani Village, which Paul loved last time. So, that will be like my DVC trip. Normally, I'd take my DVC trip using my points in May or around then and then the rest of the year I just stay in different hotels. Yeah, Paul loves it. He can't wait to come back. Let's just do one more while we're sat here. Ashley is saying, "Knowing how much you love Tokyo Disney, would you visit the other Asia Disney parks?" Yes, I would love to do all of them. What I probably would look to do is maybe do them all in one trip because it's such a long way to travel. It makes sense to try and do them all at the same time or go out to South Korea to see my brother. That's where he lives. And then go to Tokyo Disney. That's what I did last time, but I would spend longer. Last time I only had one day in each park. It wasn't long enough. And definitely I would like a couple of days in each park. And Fantasy Springs is all new. It was 2018 that I went. So definitely I want to go back to Tokyo and do the other two. And then I will have done all of the Disney resorts in the world, which would be amazing. So I definitely want to do that. But they all look unique in their own way. And Tokyo Disney, what can I say? It's just incredible. Absolutely love it. So I'm just heading back through now to the main lobby again to go and collect my luggage cuz pretty soon it's going to be time to head off. I'll probably have some time to sit in the food court there, have a drink, probably answer a couple more questions and draw a conclusion about whether this is the best allstar resort. So, I've just come out to show you the bus stops before I pick my luggage up. And you can see all the way along here there's various different stops for each of the parks. And they do have big like queuing areas because it does get very busy. But like I was saying earlier in this video, it does move very quickly. At the moment, there's hardly anyone here. So, if you came out here in the morning, it would be very, very busy, but it moves very fast. This is one of the buses I was telling you about. They have the big double buses for these resorts and they can just take so many people. So, even when there's massive cues, I've just never found that it's a problem and it moves very fast. I've got the luggage. That was a little stressful cuz like I said, at the moment the luggage is crazy with just how many people are here. Um, so I picked it up in plenty of time. We've got about 45 minutes until my Mia's Connect bus comes. I'm just finishing up a snack and a drink that I can't fit into my bag and the last of my beloved Vitamin Water that I can't get back in the UK. My hair has been driving me crazy all day, so it's been banished underneath the hat. And that always means the end of the trip. I can't believe how fast it's gone. It really has flown. I also had an email from Norse where you could book out the seat next to you or the couple of seats next to you because the flight is quiet. So, I have booked a whole row. I think it cost me about 70 pounds, which sounds like quite a lot, but after the experience I had on the way out, and I haven't slept very much this week because I've been so busy. I've been like up editing at night every day when I get back from the parks. So, I'm really quite tired. I would love to be able to sleep properly on the plane. So, I have paid that. We'll see what happens when I get there. I'm going to double check that I actually do have the whole row cuz I wouldn't want to pay that if I don't. But, if it's a quiet flight and that's available, then great. So, we'll see what happens there. I'll answer a couple more questions just while I'm sat here. Those travel holics are saying, "When are we going to see you ride on Tron? It's the best ride in the Magic Kingdom." I've ridden Tron lots of times. I can't film on it though because you're not supposed to. I know some people do. My personal opinion is that that is extremely dangerous. If anything flies off on that ride and hits somebody else, you could really, really hurt someone. So, if there are rules about not filming, I don't film. It's as simple as that. Especially if it's a safety issue. So, you won't ever see on ride footage of me on Tron? But yeah, I've ridden it lots of times. Same on Guardians as well. I absolutely love both of those rides. Osprey Travels is saying, "Are you staying at Yachtton Beach? What's the verdict?" I did post from there the other day, but I'm not actually staying there. I wish I was. Y and Beach Club are both such beautiful resorts. Beach Club does have DVC, but it's always really hard to get in unless you own there. With DVC, if you own a certain resort, so I own at Grand Fian, I can book 11 months out. All of the other resorts I can book at seven months and by the time it gets to seven months most of the rooms at Beach Club are gone so it's very very hard to get in there and Yacht Club doesn't have DVC so I've never stayed at either of them but I love visiting both Ale and Compass at Yacht Club is one of my favorite restaurants for breakfast. Yachtsman steakhouse is amazing there as well. So yeah, do love going there but I'm not staying there sadly. Zoe is saying will you get married in Disney? Uh no I don't think so. That's not on the agenda. Somebody else asked whether we're getting married in 2026. We haven't really decided yet. All I know is that I want something very lowkey and Paul is the same. We don't want anything big or like a big Disney wedding or anything like that. That's not on the cards. I know you can have lowkey weddings at Disney. It's not like you have to have loads of people coming to it, but it's not something that we're planning. But we haven't really talked about it that much yet. We're just enjoying being engaged. We haven't really spoken too much into it. There's just been so much going on. So, probably soon we will start to think about things like that. Katie Snaps is saying, "Do you have any Disney Partner Hotel recommendations?" One of my favorite ones to stay in offsite with the actual Disney partner hotels is the Windham Garden, Lake Buunav Vista. So, it's really close to Disney Springs. It's about as close as it can possibly be just to walk there. And you've got the Windham Lake Buina Vista and Windham Garden Lake Bunav Vista. It is actually the same hotel, but if you stay in just the Windham, you'll be in the tower. And then if you do Windom Garden, you're in like the Garden Wing, which is more the motel style where the walkways are outside and the Tower is more like regular hotel. The Tower tends to be a bit more expensive than the Garden Wing, but I've always stayed in the Garden Wing. Really nice rooms. The shuttle bus is available and because it's a partner hotel, I believe you do get the extra half hour in the morning and things like that. So, yeah, I really like that one. Let's just do one more. This person's asking, "I would like to go on my own. Do you always feel safe? Do you prefer staying at Disney? Uh, yes. I always feel safe. I do prefer to stay at Disney though if I'm traveling solo, especially on this trip though. I stayed off site. I don't feel unsafe in any way whatsoever. If your budget stretches to staying at Disney, I would as a solo traveler just because you know where you are. You've got all the transportation. You know, getting to and from the parks is easy and safe on the Disney transportation. Just always be mindful. though, if you called an Uber, for example, occasionally I've had one where they've got like zero reviews and they only started like yesterday and they've got like two trips under their belt. I wouldn't want to ride with that person just because I like to see that they're like a top rated driver, they've done loads and loads of trips, that makes me feel a bit safer. I also had one this trip where I called the Uber and then I got a message sent to me from the person just saying just a heads up I'm driving a rental so it's going to be a Ford whatever instead. I actually cancelled that ride. That was probably a bit of an overreaction but I didn't feel safe to get in a car other than the car that it states on the app. So it told me what I was waiting for and then someone messages me saying something else. I was like no I don't feel okay about that. So, I canceled and got a different driver just for my own safety and peace of mind. I didn't feel okay about that. So, I'm just going to finish this drink up. Probably give Paul a quick call and then it's going to be time to go. Just waiting now to be picked up by Mia's Connect. And this is where you stand. So, there are the bus stops to go to the parks and you just stand here. It's actually not right at the front by the lobby, which is where it used to be. It's just round at the side at these allstar resorts. And Mia's actually have an app where you can track the driver. So, probably going to be heading this way any minute now. It's handy to be able to see that, though. Like, say you really quickly needed to nip to the toilet or something. You can see where they are so you don't miss them. I thought I'd take this time while I'm heading to the airport to just wrap up my thoughts on Allstar movies. I definitely think it is the best out of the three All-Star Resorts. The main reasons being the theming. I think with the Disney movie theming, that's got more of a broad appeal and especially for kids, they absolutely love it having the Toy Story characters. and I just think the theming is the favorite for most people. Secondly, I think it's more compact. I really feel like the rooms are closer to walk to, even the furthest away ones, whereas at music, some of them, especially in the country section, can feel quite far, but I feel like at Allstar Movies, they are more compact. So, I think that's a huge plus. And also, I do personally find the food court better at Allstar Movies. It just feels more open and bigger, and I just prefer it. So, for all of those reasons, I do personally think that Allstar Movies is the best of the three if you're choosing. The other two are great, but I do think that if you have the option of that one, I would go for it. And now I'm on the flight as you can see. And I did get my row of three that I paid for, so I had the whole row to myself. And it was a proper Norse plane. And I am watching Bridgetton. It had just come out that morning. So, I downloaded all of it and watched it with cups of tea all of the way back. And I didn't sleep very much, but not sorry. Thank you so much for watching these vlogs. We've got new ones coming up soon. Some very exciting trips this year with me and Paul. So stay tuned for that. There's lots to come. Thank you so much for watching, subscribing, commenting, and everything that you guys do. I hope you're having a great day, and we'll see you again really soon.
