---
video_id: w4rBxNWkftA
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "DISNEY WORLD 2026 🌳 Hollywood Studios, Skyliner & first time seeing Zootopia Show at Animal Kingdom"
published: 2026-02-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4rBxNWkftA
---
I I take me home today. Take me back to sweet me. >> Good morning everyone and welcome to a brand new Disney World vlog. This morning I am going off to Hollywood Studios. First of all, I will be going to Animal Kingdom. That was the plan today, but I want to ride the Skyliner. I didn't get chance yesterday and it closes tomorrow for a refurbishment that won't be finished until after I leave. So, definitely I need to do that today. So, I'm going to ride the Skylliner from Hollywood Studios all the way to Epcot, then probably go to Beach Club and get their bus to Animal Kingdom. So, it be more of an afternoon evening in Animal Kingdom. And while I'm over at Hollywood Studios, I'm just going to nip in there quickly to have a coffee with Lee and Nick from the Lodge Guys. I've never actually met them in person all these years of vlogging. They've also been doing Orlando and Disney vlogs for such a long time. So, it' be really nice to meet up with them and have a quick coffee cuz I really do need one this morning. I think I've missed the shuttle from this hotel this morning. So, I'll just get myself an Uber cuz it'll be quicker. It's getting a bit bright now. I think we've got one more day after today of this really amazing weather and then it is going to turn a lot colder. So, like I said yesterday, making the most of this while I can cuz it's so nice for January. I'm just walking in and look at all the beautiful Disney buses. The Cinderella one has always been my favorite. I love that so much. I love the colors on the cocoa one. and I will be right back out with the park to ride the Skyliner as soon as I've had this coffee. Very much looking forward to it. It's my favorite mode of Disney transportation. Let me know in the comments what is your favorite. Mine used to be Montreal, but since the Skylliner came along, definitely I love this the most, but I know for some people this is not enjoyable. If you don't like heights, this probably isn't for you. Each park just has such a different feel as you're walking in. And this is what I love about Disney. They are so so good with their theming. Each park really just does have such a different feel to it. And I love the music here at Hollywood Studios. I'm living for this version of the Monsters, Inc. music. It is looking pretty busy here today at Hollywood Studios. I think January is just becoming a very busy time to be honest. I remember when I was here in January 2022 with Kate and it was so busy then. In fairness, that was right after CO. So that kind of makes sense. A lot of people were traveling as soon as they could. It does seem to get busier in January every year now though. So, I've got my coffee and we're about to go into the Villains Unfairly Ever After show. And by we, I mean myself and Nick and Lee from the Lodge Guys. Just been having a coffee and a chat and I think we got 5 minutes and we had to get in. So, we're hopeful. >> We missed it. Literally just as well, didn't we? We were right there in front of us. We were the last. We were the last person at the barrier in the small. >> Oh, I even kind of did this face, but it did nothing. So, the next one is at 150. I I may have gone to Animal Kingdom, but I think these guys are gonna do that later. >> It's great. It's really, really good. >> We're consoling ourselves with a little little mermaid show. >> Yeah. Which you guys haven't done yet. No, >> we've done this years and years ago. Not not the updated one years ago. So long ago, I can't even remember. I just remember a rehearsal coming out on stage. And that tell me what is better than this music. Oh no, don't underestimate the importance of body language. Come on you s time to head out Hollywood Studios for now. I had such a nice time chatting to Nick and Lee and seeing the Little Mermaid show. It was lovely to see them. So, be sure to check them out on YouTube. I will link their channel below. And now, I'm going to go and get the Skyliner because I took a bit longer than planned. I think I'm going to get the Skyliner to the Riviera and then get the Animal Kingdom bus from there just to save a little bit of time going all the way to Epcot. Here we go. And this isn't closing for a lengthy refer. It's only about a week, but it will be still down when I go home. So, this was my last day to be able to experience it. So, when you arrive here to the Caribbean Beach Skyliner Hub, this is where all the different lines go to. So here, this goes to Pentry and Art of Animation. That's Caribbean Beach Resort there. This one over here goes to Epcot. So Riviera and then Epcot. And just behind is where we just got off and that has come from Hollywood Studios. And just in case anybody wasn't aware, there is a Joffrey stand right here. So if you're in need of a coffee, it's not very far to go. Lots of people going to Epcot here by the look of it. Heat. Heat. I really love this whole area where you've got the Riviera, Caribbean Beach. You can walk all around the lake between the two of them. There's a really nice quick service at the Riviera. It does blueberry and lemon pancakes that are so good. But I just love having a wander around here. It's one of my favorite break spots if you're in Hollywood Studios or in Epcot. It's just an observation that I've got on this trip so far. There's just a lot more people everywhere. Normally when I come here during the day, there just wouldn't be anybody walking around. It's very quiet. You just see the odd person. Pretty much everywhere I've been though, there are just loads of people. So, I think definitely January is becoming a very popular time to come. I do really want to stay here sometime though. I love the fragrance they use in here. I actually have the wax melt from Bose Signature Candles that smells exactly like this. I'll show you when we go to Disney Springs. Always got to show you the cakes here because look at these. A strawberry seasonal cheesecake looks amazing. Wine poached pear entrame. They look so good. I've decided to just stop for a little drink here at the Riviera. I love their lavender iced tea lemonade that they do here. So, I'm just having one of those. And they've started using reusable cups. I've noticed they used to be plastic, so that's good. So, I'm just going to relax here for a little bit and then head off to Animal Kingdom. I'm on the move again. kind of just came to look out of this window at the Riviera. It's such a beautiful view out onto the gardens here. They've got some garden games and stuff that you can play. Someone's playing bowls there. And this is the quick service that I was telling you about with the orange canopy. Primo P. It's really nice in there. They do have some great stuff. And if you have your resort refillable mugs and you take them around with you, you can refill them there cuz you can actually refill them in any resort in case you didn't know that, not just the one you're staying in. I'm going to head out of the front here now to go and get a bus. I think the bus stop is outside to the right, I believe. Look at this nice seating area they've got here. I just love this resort. It's so nice. I could just sit at these tables for hours next to this water. I spent the morning in Hollywood Studios with Nick and Lee. So, it's been a really, really lovely chilled day. But in doing so, I've left myself a bit short of time for Animal Kingdom because it obviously closes earlier than the other parks. But I'm going to go there and get done as much as I can. So, I'm definitely going to do the Zootopia show and eat at restauranttosaurus cuz I need to eat something. I've only had a slice of lemon cake all day. So, I'm going to eat there and if I need to come back and do dinosaur, I'll do like another half day in Animal Kingdom later in the trip. It's been such a nice relaxing day actually and I've really enjoyed the pace of just wandering, pottering around, spending time with people, chatting. It's been so nice. I've made it and I would imagine at this time of day a lot of people will be leaving after a full day here. So, it be interesting to see how busy it is in the park. Maybe I'll do a wait time check in a second. Again, it's got a very different feel arriving at this park. Very relaxed. I love the music here at Animal Kingdom, too. I almost feel chilled coming here. There's very rarely too much busyiness or craziness. It always feels more relaxed coming into this park. >> Thank you. I love how the tree looks as you walk in. And when I used to go on It's Tough to be a Bug, you actually get to see a lot of the carvings in the tree. Oh, look at these guys. Let's head into the Gorilla Falls trail now. does close a little bit earlier than the park. Got to go and see my friends, the naked mole rats. They're my favorite. They're just so fascinating to watch. When the park is really busy, these are great things to do. The walking trails, this one and Maharaja Jungle Trek. Obviously, they're not thrill rides, but it's just something so unique and unique here to Disney World because there isn't an Animal Kingdom anywhere else. This is the Okapi enclosure, and right behind this fence is where the safari goes past. The rest of the time you can see them hanging out here. >> Oh, it's nice and quiet in here today. My mind is a little bit blown. I was just talking to the cast member and she said the naked mole rats can live till they're up to 40 years old. The oldest one in their care, I think, is 30. Every year since I've been coming here, I love watching those naked mole rats. And that's crazy to think that one of them has been here that entire time. And even before that, I love these ones cuz they have like a hairstyle. I like that guy who's just sat on top of that post. Oh, we can see some zebras over there. >> This is the mircat enclosure, but they're just behind over there. illustrated. >> Look at that little guy. >> There are worse moms than you or they're worse than you. >> I love when they just pop up like that. >> I love cats. >> And this is where you'll find the gorillas. They're not always down here, but sometimes you get an amazing view of them through these windows. Looks like they're all out enjoying the nice weather today when it's not too hot. Can't say I blame him. See one of them out here and another one up there. Okay, here we go. Zootopia better together for the first time. It's currently got a 20 minute wait. You can actually get quite a good look here. I'm just in the queue. I've just stopped actually to zoom in. I love all the carvings in the tree. It's so impressive. You have to look quite closely for some of them, but they are there. So beautiful back here. I would imagine the show itself might be no filming. I'm imagining that. So, I might have to just tell you afterwards what it's like Oh, it's smoky. today. >> Please, no sign pictures or video lighting during the watch party. How our turtle friends together featuring special live performances from across Zootopia and unforett together. >> That was so good. I loved it. And I only filmed a little bit of the beginning cuz I don't want to spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen it yet. So, I'm not going to go into too much detail about what happens, but it was really good. Um, it kind of started out you're like, "Okay, this is cool." And then it gets a lot better as it goes along. So, I definitely recommend seeing that. What I'm always going to miss is it's tough to be a bug because I loved that. Look at all the beaky birds in the tree. You often see them in Epcot as well. Looking very different already. You see the construction walls. This is where you had the big dinosaur as you walked underneath. There was a big play area behind it. All of that has gone to make room for Tropical Americas, which is what's going to be going here. There's some concept art. It's going to be an Encanto themed attraction. Look how good this looks. And restaurantosaurus is our destination. I'm just hoping it is still open. If it's not, I'll find something else and I'll do that when I come back to ride dinosaur. I have heard though that in the tropical Americas, the new area, there is going to be a new quick service that is going to be the biggest quick service in any of the parks, I believe. I'm sure that's what I read. So, that's interesting. At the very least, it's the biggest in this park. Definitely. I'm always excited for new stuff. Obviously, I am someone who's been coming here a long time, so I get nostalgic for things that have gone. Sometimes I get upset about change. Certain things might set me over the edge, such as if the people mover went away, Haunted Mansion, things like that would be a no. But generally, I look forward to new things coming and really enjoy everything that they've done recently here at Disney World. Generally, I look forward to new stuff, though. There's got to be progress. And that was how Walt always felt. Look at Everest through this gap with the sun on it. Zoom in a bit there so you can see it. It looks beautiful. And they've already got the cranes in starting all the work. It feels weird going through here though with all these construction walls. Here we are. But is it open? I don't know. I can't decide whether it looks open. Oh, little squirrel friend. Hey buddy. Let's just get a last look at the outside cuz this is going to be going so soon. Can't believe it. They have the Airstream trailer. You can just see that. And you can actually sit in there and eat. It is often closed, so I don't know if it's open today. Let me just go and see if it's open at all. It's looking very quiet. Oh, it's closed. And the park is open for another hour and 20 or something. Um, so that's kind of a bummer. But I'll come back and eat here for lunch during the day next time and make sure I'm here in time and to ride dinosaur as well. But right now, I need to get some food. I'm so hungry. We won't be seeing this sign for much longer. Thank you for visiting Dino Land. I just looked on the app and I looked at Flame Tree Barbecue, but I wasn't really loving the menu. So, I might go and see if I can get a walk up at Yak and Yeti. If not, then I guess maybe Rainforest Cafe. I haven't eaten there in a while, so that would be good, too. Flamery Barbecue is very good, though. It's just me being a bit fussy. I'm not holding out much hope because it's very busy and it is a Saturday, but occasionally there's a seat at the bar. Okay, that's a no-go. There were quite a few people lurking and I think they were waiting for a seat at the bar. It is either Rainforest Cafe or Room Pizza. It's going to be one or the other. I just kind of haven't been in the right place at the right time to eat and I've been very like sidetracked here and there today. It's just kind of gone very very weird today and I don't even know what I've done for half of it. But anyway, let's go and try Rainforest Cafe. I'm going to cut through Discovery Trading Company so we can do a driveby look at the merch. I won't be stopping, but we can have a little look on the way through. Oh, this is cute. I love that. Okay, it's not about that right now. I'm going to have to come back. This is why I probably shouldn't have walked through here on the way. I may have to get that cup, though. Okay, this is the last chance. Otherwise, I definitely have room pizza in my future. I could go somewhere else, but then it's just going to be so long before I can eat anything. So, fingers crossed for this. I haven't eaten here for a while actually, so this would be nice to see what it's like. They have a really big store here as well, and I love how it's themed. Look at the ceiling. I'm going to be sitting on a tiger butt. I have got a menu and I'm starving, so this could be dangerous. I need to make sure I don't over orderer in a crazy frenzy. It's a very big menu. Chicken quesadillas, beef lava nachos, Korean fried chicken lettuce wraps. They do like an appetizer adventure. Feel like the menus just keep coming. Ooh, crispy brricetta chicken. That sounds really nice. It's got shrimp on it though, so maybe not. What do I have? I can't decide. My side of mashed potato has arrived. It's like an entire meal, and I've still got a bruschetta turning up. So, goodness knows how that's going to be. I've got my dinner companion here. So, uh yeah, finally getting to eat something and talk to Paul, which I've been trying to do both all day and haven't had chance. So, I'm going to get into this. But that is a massive amount of potatoes. Paul's apologizing for how he looks cuz he's just been to the gym and he's feeling a bit rough. So, yeah, he said he's not looking his best. We've got a thunderstorm happening here and I've been defeated by the food. I managed like half of the bruschetta and quite a lot of the mashed potato. I haven't eaten all day. So, I did manage a decent amount, but it was so big. All done in there with dinner and it was actually really nice. Rainforest Cafe is somewhere that I just don't come to very often. I don't sort of get excited about it or think, "Oh, I really want to go there." Like while I was sat there eating and thinking about it, it was really good value because you could have shared what I had between two people. It was massive as you saw. Like I probably ate about half of it, maybe just over cuz I like forced myself to eat a bit more, but I could easily have just eaten half. And the total before tip was $27 with the drink as well. And when I was in Magic Kingdom yesterday when I had the tots and the hand pie and just some water, that came to 25. So the fact that this is a sitown place and the portions are really, really big, I thought that was great value. Obviously, if you have entre like steak and seafood and stuff like that, I'm sure it is much more expensive. But for me, that was a perfect dinner in the end to say that I couldn't find anywhere. I was like really struggling to actually get something. So, yeah, really enjoyed that. And I'm probably going to head back now. I think I'm going to check what the Uber cost is from here, but it is around 20 7 and the park closed at 7:00. So, if there's surge pricing or it's really expensive, I probably will go to Animal Kingdom Lodge and get an Uber from there. Um, but ideally I want to get back to the room because I want to get up early tomorrow and be in Epcot as early as possible for a whole day there. Um, and obviously the later you go to bed, the harder it is to get going and get up early in the next morning. So, I just see if I'm able to get one from here. And I've also just realized I've been bitten on the leg. If I'm ever going to get bitten anywhere, it is either here in Animal Kingdom or at the Polynesian beach every single time. I forgot to bring insect repellent this time, which was really silly. And I've just received a bite, my first one. It's very itchy. Good morning. It is the next day as you can see. And when I got back last night from Animal Kingdom and my Rainforest Cafe, very last minute dinner there, I was just so tired. I went straight to sleep cuz I knew I wanted to get up this morning to get over to Epcot. Yesterday just went by so fast and I feel like I didn't get anywhere near as much done as I wanted to, but I had a really, really lovely day. I had some really nice chats with you guys and I do absolutely love that. So, it was an amazing day. Thank you all so much for watching this one. As always, today, like I said, I'm going to Epcot. So, that will be in the next episode, next Saturday. So, be sure to subscribe if you haven't already. And like I said, in my travel day, I would absolutely love to reach my 100,000 subscribers. I've been doing YouTube 10 years this year, and that is a goal that I would absolutely love to reach. And like I said, I know a lot of people watch on TV now, so don't subscribe as much. But if you did want to help the channel by doing that, I would really, really appreciate it so much. and giving it a thumbs up, hyping and all of those good things as well are a great way to help other people find the vlogs. So, I hope you guys are all well and having a great day. And like I said, a huge thank you for taking the time out of your day to watch this. And I will see you in the next one. And here is the chicken and waffle. I've heard really good things about this. The waffle is red. You've got like colorful rainbow popcorn in there and the chicken
