---
video_id: I2-Li13vSGU
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "TOP 10 MAGIC KINGDOM Rides, attractions & experiences ✨ Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-04-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2-Li13vSGU
---
The Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World is consistently ranked the world's busiest theme park. So, when you're planning a trip to Walt Disney World, you're going to want to do your research about which attractions are the most important, which to prioritize, cuz this park has the most attractions of all of the Walt Disney World parks. So, it can be difficult to narrow down. So, if you're planning a trip to Walt Disney World, keep watching and we will count down 10 of the best attractions. First up, we have Jungle Cruise. And this was an opening day attraction in the Magic Kingdom. It does get long lines as you could see there. Sometimes it's best to try at the beginning or the end of the day for this one. And this is a boat cruise with a side of humor. The cast members are great on this ride. I actually didn't used to love it for many years, but recently I've really taken a liking to this. And as I mentioned, the cast members are great on this ride. Some of them really go all out and make this an incredible experience. At number nine is Big Thunder Mountain. This is a runaway train through the mountains. This is one of my favorite attractions in the Magic Kingdom. It's one of those coasters where you just laugh all the way around. And as you can see here, people just really enjoying this. It is a little intense at times. It's actually being refurbished at the moment and it's about to open again in spring 2026. I'm not sure exactly what changes they're going to have made. That remains to be seen. I can't wait to ride this again, but this is definitely a must do on your Magic Kingdom day. Next up is Space Mountain, which is an indoor roller coaster. And at Christmas, they have an overlay, as you can see here. I believe it's just during the Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party, but I'm showing you this footage cuz in a second you can see the actual track because the lights are on a little bit more than normal. I find this one throws me around a little. I don't ride it very often, but it's definitely a favorite and most people love this. Next up is Pirates of the Caribbean. And this is a slow, dark ride, but a real favorite at the Magic Kingdom. The Pirates of the Caribbean movies were actually based on the ride, not the other way around. I love this attraction. It has that water smell. If you know, you know. It's just very nostalgic for me. I do this every trip to the Magic Kingdom. They added Captain Jack Sparrow in 2006 to several of the scenes. So, as you're going throughout the ride, you can watch out for him. The wait time can be very up and down. Sometimes it can be long, but definitely there are points throughout the day where you could get onto this one without too much of a wait. Next up are the parades, and there are currently two in Magic Kingdom. First up, we have Festival of Fantasy. And this is the parade that's normally on at 3 p.m. It can vary, though, so always check My Disney Experience on the day that you're going to make sure you're in position to watch it at the right time. This parade includes lots of the Disney characters, so children love this one. And if you are traveling as a family with children, I would definitely recommend watching this parade. And they recently added a nighttime parade back to the Magic Kingdom. and there hasn't been one for quite some time. But Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away has now been added and they have included some music which is very nostalgic for the older nighttime parades that used to happen in the Magic Kingdom years ago. It's normally on twice per night. Normally around 8:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m., sometimes around 9 and then 11:00 p.m. It does vary. Sometimes it can drop down to once per night if it's in the quieter, like colder months of the year. So, always check on My Disney Experience for the day that you're visiting to make sure you found your spot before it begins. At number five, we have Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. This was added to the Magic Kingdom in 2014. This is a great family coaster. It's got height requirement of 38 in, so this can be a really good starter coaster for young children. It's really quite smooth and it's quite short as well. So, I feel like this is really great for families. It can get long lines. Right at the end of the night can be a good time to try and ride this one. First thing in the morning might be a good idea, too. It used to be that everybody flopped there, but now some of the bigger attractions are open. It might be a good bet to do it first. At number four is my personal favorite, which is the Haunted Mansion. This is another opening day attraction in the Magic Kingdom. I absolutely love this. It's another slowmoving, dark ride. I've been riding this attraction for 24 years in the Magic Kingdom. I still to this day will notice new details every time I do it. I think this is a great family ride. Despite what the name suggests, it's nothing to be scared of. It's familyfriendly spooky fun and I just think it's great. I love this attraction so much. Next up is the nightly fireworks show which is Happily Ever After. This includes projections on the castle as well as fireworks, great music. It really is a perfect way to end the day. There are other places to watch it as you can see here. This is from Bay Lake Tower. There's a bridge over at the Contemporary between the resort and the tower and you can stand there and watch. On evenings where they're having events such as the Halloween and Christmas party, the fireworks and nighttime parade may not be happening because the park closes at 6:00 p.m. So, always watch out for that if you are planning a trip around Halloween or Christmas. At number two is Tiana's Bio Adventure. This is a very recent addition in 2024. It used to be Splash Mountain. It has now been re-imagined as Tiana's Bio Adventure. The queuing area is great. It can have long lines, as you could imagine, but it does move relatively quickly. A good time to ride this is on cooler days because people don't like getting soaked when the weather is cold. Sometimes I've seen it with 5 minute waits when the weather is not very nice. It has several drops as well as the big drop at the end. That's not a spoiler because you can see it from the outside of the attraction. There's indoor scenes as well as outside. I just think this is great. I love the music. Although it can look a little scary when you see the drop from the outside, it's well worth facing your fear if you are scared of drops and things because it's very quick. But the whole of the rest of the attraction really is worth seeing. You can get very soaked on this ride as you can imagine. So if you don't like that, maybe grab a poncho and put that on beforehand. But in the Florida heat, getting soaked can actually be very welcome. And at number one, we have Tron Light Cycle Run. This is the Magic Kingdom's other newest attraction. This opened in 2023. This is definitely a thrill ride. It is a high-speed coaster. It doesn't go upside down for those of you who don't like that. As you can see here, you are sat on a motorcycle type ride vehicle. They do have accessible seats if that's not going to be possible for you to sit in that type of vehicle. So, you can still experience it. Everything has to be lockered for this ride because things can fling off in the speed as this ride begins. It does get long lines as you can imagine. But if you keep checking the My Disney Experience app with the wait times, you can sometimes catch it when it's not too bad. And that is it for this top 10. There are plenty of other attractions that I would have loved to include. There's so many. Like I said, this park just has a lot of attractions, but I just wanted to narrow it down to what I consider to be the mustos and the ones to prioritize. But really, on your vacation, it'd be great to have a couple of days in this park to see everything. I've got lots of other videos and vlogs, so please do subscribe and check those out if you are planning a trip to Walt Disney World. I do also have top 10s on the other Disney World parks, so I will link one of those at the end of this video. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you're having a great day and I'll see you in the next one.
