---
video_id: axV7hlRYb80
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "Planning & prep for my trip to the NEW World of Frozen at Disneyland Paris ❄️ AD"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axV7hlRYb80
---
Hey everyone. Today we are going to be talking about something very exciting. The new Disney Adventure World rebrand at Disneyland Paris and New World of Frozen. And this is kind of a bit of a combination video. So, a bit of planning, a bit of packing. I'm not doing like a full packing video, putting things in the suitcase cuz I'm not quite ready to do that yet. But we are going to be talking about some of the stuff I'm taking, some of the outfits, accessories, bags, ears, and also just talking about the actual new land there, the world of Frozen, what our plans are while we're there. So, all of that is coming up in this video. I am absolutely living for this sweatshirt that I got from Next the other day. Very topical for what we're talking about here. So, at the end of the video, I'm going to talk specifically a bit more about The New Land. I've been watching some of the preview stuff. Um, a bit more detail about that. But just to kind of lay out the basic plan and what's going on, I'm going to be traveling on this trip with Catherine. I am so excited. I know you guys will be really excited as well. You love the trips with her. I do. We have an absolute blast. We always laugh so much. Um, so Catnip in Detail is back for another trip, but instead of Florida, we will be going to Disneyland Paris. And that's our first time that the two of us have gone there together. This is actually our fourth year in a row doing a trip together. I wasn't sure if it was going to happen this year cuz Katherine is renovating a new property. She's got loads going on. But when I said to her about going, she was like, "Yes, let's go. Let's do it." And we're staying off site again um in the same hotel that Paul and I stayed in, which was the Adagio Series. Love that hotel. It's such an easy walk to the park. The rooms are really nice. We just loved it. So, Katherine and I are going to be staying there. Obviously, Katherine and I live at opposite ends of the country. So, she will be flying, I think, from Manchester, and I am going to be getting the Euro Star this time. The Euro Star will be nice and easy. I just need to go to London. I'll be staying over the night before cuz it's a very early train. And that first day we arrive, I think we're just going to be looking around Disney Village, getting settled in, and then the following day, we will be heading to the new Disney Adventure World. So, that's a brief overview of the plan. We're going to be talking a lot more about that in a bit. But, I just wanted to show you some of the things that I'm going to be bringing in terms of makeup. I got some toiletries here. I've got some outfits. I've still got a couple of outfits that I'm waiting for them to arrive, but I'll show you pictures of those. And like I said, accessories and ears and everything as well. So, let's start out with the toiletries. I've got a couple of new things. I don't have everything here because, like I said, I'll be packing closer to the time and actually putting everything in the suitcase, but I like to kind of gather things together ahead of time um so that I'm not rushing around at the last minute. And I do have a couple of new things. One thing that I always have and it doesn't matter what time of year, what the weather is like, what's going on, always always have to have this, is my SPF. And usually I buy the Lar Ro Pose SPF 50, the Anthelios Air. I love that one so much, but last time it was out of stock when I went to buy it, so I had to get a different one instead. And I've got the Garnier ombre invisible serum, which is also an SPF 50. I really like this one as an alternative. I'd happily use either. Um, with SPF, it just doesn't matter whether it's winter, summer, spring. I always wear SPF on my face every single day. I truly do believe it's one of the most important things to look after your skin and help with anti-aging and everything. So, definitely the SPF, very, very important. I also have my deodorant here, and this was perfect timing with this video because Wild have got something new. You guys know that I've partnered with them for years now. I absolutely love them. And there was something I had to show you in this video. And I also have an amazing discount code for you. They have just launched these beautiful new leopard print cases in the rollon and in the stick version. And for those of you who may not know, Wild is a refillable deodorant, so you keep your case. They're really high quality cases. I absolutely love them. And then you just get your refills. So you're not throwing away any plastic each time. All of the packaging, all of the refills are fully recyclable. All of the formulas are cruelty-free and vegan, and they contain natural ingredients. I love both the stick and the rollon. The stick is the OG. This has been around since the very beginning and this is the one that I use the most. They also have the rollon in a regular formula, but they now have anti-persperent as well. So, if you're looking for extra protection for the gym or you just have a very busy job where you get very hot, you're running around, when you're on holiday, like when I go to Florida, I always take both the antipersperin and the stick because you just might need that extra protection. There's no white marks as well. It dries really quickly. So, the new anti-persperent roll on is great. I love the stick though as well because I'm obsessed with all the different fragrances. Wild's fragrances that they have are so nice. Along with the new leopard case, they have Wild Seduction and this one smells so good. Paul really likes this one. This fragrance would suit anyone to be honest. It's got a bit more of a maybe spicy sort of edge to it, but not too much. It's really smooth as well. It's really, really nice. I'm pretty sure Paul is going to nab this for when we go to Florida. And how perfect are these cases? We're staying at Animal Kingdom Lodge, so these are definitely going to have to come along. And with this launch, Wild are supporting Born Free. Born Free are a wildlife charity who rescue and protect wild animals. They do amazing work, and Wild are donating £15,000 to them to go along with the launch of these cases. I absolutely love Wild. Like I said, I've been using them for years now. It's the only deodorant that I use. They also do body wash and lip balm. I love the body washes. I use those every single day. And they now do travel sizes as well. I picked these two up. We've got fresh cotton and sea salt, which is one of Paul's favorite fragrances in the deodorant, and Juicy Mango, which is one of my favorite deodorant fragrances. So, these are just perfect if you're traveling. I always have these in now to put in my travel bag. And as I mentioned, Wild have given me a great discount for you guys. If you use code Victoria 2026, you'll get 30% off. So whether you want to try one of the new products, whether you want to switch over to Wild and you haven't tried it yet, now is the perfect time with that 30% off. If you need refills of anything, there's a QR code up here as well. You can just scan that if you're watching on the TV or there is a . You can just follow the link and that will get you the discount as well. I've got everyone I know onto it now. I've given cases to people so that they can get started. Absolutely love it. For skincare, I have got something new that I've been using. Um, Renew and Me I've been using for a while now. Absolutely love that. That is my nighttime treatment that I put on. And for moisturizer, this is new to me and I've been absolutely loving it. Is the Garnier Vitamin C Fresh and Bright Hydrating Sorbet Cream. The texture really is like sorbet. Let me just see if I can show you there. It smells absolutely incredible. I've been using this morning and night. At night time, I use it over the top of the skin treatment, but I cannot recommend this enough. I absolutely love it. I do also have my E.L.F. Holy Hydration Eye Cream. This is just one of my favorite budget eye creams. It's so good. I just love it. It really is so hydrating. So, always take that everywhere I go. And in terms of makeup, I did a real recently talking about some of my long-lasting makeup over on Instagram, and I'm going to do a follow-up to that. But in terms of foundation, I use the Laura Mercier Flawless Lumiere Radiance Perfecting Foundation and the Laura Mercier Real Flawless Weightless Perfecting Concealer. This combo is what I'm wearing right now. This is pretty much always what you'll see me wearing. Both of these are on the pricier side, but I feel like for foundation and concealer, I'd rather spend a little bit more on that because I do find quite a difference between drugstore brands. There are some drugstore brands that are good, but I do generally find higherend foundations, you kind of get what you pay for, and this Laura Mercier I love. I talked about the Physicians Formula Eyeliner in that Instagram reel. Absolutely love that. I also talked about the Maybelline Matte Ink lipstick. That's what I've got on today. This is in shade revolutionary. So, always bring that everywhere. And if I want something a little bit more natural because these matte ink ones are quite vibrant. I really, really love my Charlotte Tilbury Pillow Talk. So, I have the lip liner and the lipstick. This combo I absolutely love. It's a bit softer and a bit more natural than the Maybelline Matte Ink. It's not quite as long-lasting. Um, but if you do want something not quite as vibrant, absolutely love that. So, definitely bringing that. Let's move on to talking about outfits. And in terms of outfits, I'm not sure what the weather's going to be like. In fact, while we're sat here, I'm just going to have a look on the weather app to see what kind of temperatures we're looking at at the moment over there. So, at the moment, it is 17, feels like 13. So, not hot or anything. I have been watching some people's vlogs who have been out there, and it does look very, very mixed. So, I wouldn't really want to take stuff just for cold weather or for warm weather. I think it's going to be a layers situation. First of all, I will be taking this sweatshirt. Goes without saying. I will probably wear this to travel in. Actually, I've got a denim jacket as well that I'll be taking. I also have an Olaf sweatshirt which is on its way. I've ordered it, but it hasn't arrived yet. I'll put up a picture of what that looks like. But with that sweatshirt, I think I could probably wear that with either leggings or something if it's cold. If it is a little bit warmer, but still not hot. I do have like a skirt or some shorts I could wear. I don't think it's going to be way too hot to wear a sweatshirt. It might be. So, it might be a case of wearing a t-shirt under it in case I need to take the jumper off. But, I really do love the jumper. It's so cute. So, I'm hoping it's cool enough that I can wear that. In terms of ears for that one, I'm still trying to decide. I've been speaking to my friend Laura from Magic Maker Ears. I sent her a picture of it to see if she's got any inspiration. I do have a pair of black sequin ears which would totally go with that. So yeah, that's one outfit that I'm planning. We will be doing a day in the Disneyland park as well. And for that one, I've got a pink dress which I'm waiting for it to arrive. I've been eyeing up this dress on Porno for ages. It was about4 something pounds. It then did have some discount off it, but I thought to myself, let's just look on vintage. The chances of the exact dress in the exact size being there is very, very slim. I had already looked several times, but before I went ahead and bought it, I did just have one last look on vintage. And unbelievably, they had the exact dress in the exact size on vintage. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe the luck. I do prefer to buy things on vintage where possible. A, it's cheaper, and B, I just prefer reusing things that are already out there. Um, the one that I bought, the person said they'd only worn it once, so I'd much rather buy that than buy a new one. So, that pink dress is going to be coming. And in terms of ears, I've got multiple pairs of pink ones. I've got a couple here. This one is probably too light. So, not that one. And I do have a darker pink pair that I think might go a little bit better. So, I think that day will be like that pink dress and the denim jacket over in case it's a bit cooler. I've only got a couple of days in the parks. That's the thing. It's not like a Florida trip where you need loads of outfits. I only really need a couple and then kind of traveling and coming back. So, this for travel, the Olaf outfit for the day in Disney Adventure World, the pink dress when we go to the other park, although I think when we do that day, we may potentially want to go back over and see a bit more of the new area. It really depends how it goes, how busy it is, how much we get done in that first day when we're going to World of Frozen. Who knows? Then I do have a couple of backup outfits. You always need to have backup outfits. A because something might get dirty or ripped or you know it might rip in a way that you actually have to go and change out of it. So my backup outfit for the day that we're going to world of Frozen is this blue playsuit. It had to be something blue I think. So if it's a bit hotter and I'm really not able to wear the sweatshirt at all then I will wear this playsuit and just take the denim jacket to put over the top. But I just think this is really cute and it's blue so it feels like Frozen vibes. And in terms of ears for this one, again, I do have the black sequin ears. I might want to buy a pair of ears while I'm there because they do have some nice ones that I've seen. So, I'm not sure on the ears with this yet. But that's my kind of if it's warm weather outfit. And obviously for the second day, I have the pink dress if the weather is warm. But if it happen to be really cold, I've just got a couple of options. I haven't even worn this yet. This was very kindly gifted to me by Disney just before Christmas. I have got this Disneyland Paris spirit jersey. So, it's got Fantasia Mickey on there. And that's the front of it. I really, really love this. So, if it happened to be colder on that second day, I would wear this. And I'm also going to bring along this sweatshirt, my Walt Disney World one. I just love this. And I could always wear this to go home because on the last day, I will obviously need an outfit for that. And I think that could be a good travel day outfit. So, I think since we're only doing like two full days in the park, that's plenty of outfits. I've got cold weather options, hot weather options, and a jacket just in case. So, I think I'm covered for every eventuality. It's really hard. I always pack too much, but I have had one trip where I really thought to myself, right, I always pack too much. Let's pack less. And I didn't have enough clothes that I wanted to wear. So, there is a balance to be had that I seem unable to get. In terms of park bags, my absolute favorites are the Orbit Key Sling bags, those newer ones that I've got. I've got Mickey and Donald, and I love those. I use them every single day in Florida. Um, but when I was looking at color-wise, I don't know that they are really going to work. They would work with like the Mickey jumper or the spirit jersey. I do have this cross body. It's got multiple pockets, so this should be absolutely fine to get all my camera bits in and everything else that I need. It's a little bit on the small side. It'd be great if it was a tiny bit bigger, but I think this would be absolutely fine. If I've got space, I might bring all three. I might still bring the Mickey and the Donald, but I want to have this one as a backup because I just think it will go better with some of the outfits. And just inside here, I've got my European plug sockets. They look kind of similar to Florida, but Florida has flat pins and Europe are these round pins. This one is really good cuz you've got one plug socket and two USBs. So, I always bring that. And then I have a couple extra of just these ones that go in. You can never have enough plug adapters. That is one thing I have learned the hard way cuz quite often you've got like straighteners or curling iron in one room, then you've got phone chargers over here and this over here. So, unless there are a lot of USB ports and you never really know with hotels, always make sure you bring enough of those. I'll link those below and I will link everything else that I've talked about as well. So, let's talk a little bit about the world of Frozen and what I've seen so far and what the plans are when we're actually there. I'll put in some images as well if I can of what I'm talking about. I've tried to not look at too much because I didn't really want massive spoilers. However, when I'm doing a trip, I do like to get some tips and some pointers. So, I have watched a couple. The ones that I have watched have been from Sam. Sam is absolutely great. I will link her channel below. I just find her vlogs so good. She's really good with showing everything, giving you tips, showing information. She is like Disneyland Paris expert. She knows what she's doing. Disneyland Paris to me, I'm still a bit of a novice. Like Florida is my like area of expertise, but Disneyland Paris, I always feel a bit kind of lost. So Sam, I absolutely love watching. One of the things that I was struck by was how big it looks as you walk onto Adventure Way, I'm pretty sure it's called. So, as you come out of the existing part of the park where you have Tower of Terror and you start walking into this new area, it's just huge. It's absolutely huge. It cannot be underestimated how big of an expansion this is. Um, cuz it's not just the World of Frozen section. There's this whole other area as well. I don't know what the percentage is of like how much bigger it's making the park, but it's not just like in Disney World sometimes they have a new small area of a park. This is just enormous and it's making the park so much bigger, which it really, really needed. Honestly, when we went there in November, this park desperately needed to be bigger and have more going on. So, this is just incredible and I can't wait to see it. But yeah, as you walk in onto Adventure Way, it's absolutely massive. And at one point, there was a band going by with Minnie as well. It was kind of a marching band going down through this new area, which looked amazing. Mickey also had a new outfit. So Minnie and Mickey have both got new outfits for this new area of the park. And I guess that they will be randomly like meeting and greeting. And as well as the world of Frozen, they also have the new Tangled ride, which is Rapon's Tangled Spin. And that's a little bit like a teacup ride, but you're in boats um going around, but it's so beautiful. Like when you look up, the artwork that they've got on that ride looks beautiful. So that's another new addition before you've even got to the world of Frozen. There's also Regal View, which is the new restaurant. There is a lounge as well and the restaurant parts you can meet princesses. I have not been able to get a reservation. I know lots of people have had this same problem. I've checked every single day multiple times a day and I will continue to do that in case there's a cancellation. But it's so difficult getting a reservation there. If we can, we definitely will do that. But we might try and check out the lounge again. I imagine that would be quite busy though. The other thing that I was kind of surprised about when I saw it in Sam's vlog was the size of the lake. So, as you walk into Adventure Way, you have um World of Frozen in the distance. There's a huge lake, which is where the new nighttime performance happens, I believe. And it's just massive. I didn't think it was going to be that huge. I think that's what makes the whole new area feel so big. It kind of looks just obviously you can't really tell until you're there in person, but it kind of looks to me like a cross between the one at Animal Kingdom where Rivers of Light used to be and the big Epcot Lake. I'm sure it's not as big as that. It probably just looks huge, but yeah, it's really, really massive. And then beyond that, you have the new World of Frozen. And just to talk a little bit about the things that I've seen so far, the ride does look to be the same as the one in Epcot. I'm not sure if there's a few little differences, but largely it does look to be the same. I should note as well that the World of Frozen in Disneyland Paris. That is not exclusive to that park. They do already have that over in Hong Kong, but it's amazing to have that over here in Paris because that is a park that a lot of people from the UK certainly wouldn't go that far to experience. So, it's amazing to have it over in Paris. It is a very beautiful ride. All the different scenes in it from the film. I think it's a really nice familyfriendly ride. And most of you will know there is a little bit of a drop, but it's nothing to be afraid of. It's not anything scary. Think like Pirates, but not quite as bad as that in my I'm trying to think, is it as bad as that? It's kind of similar, but I I feel like it's not as fullon as the one in Pirates. Um, but that's the ride that's there. There is a quick service there which is Nordic Crowns Tavern I think it's called. I hope I haven't got that wrong. That's somewhere that we're hoping to go. Obviously, we can't get a reservation over at Regal View. I would imagine it's going to be just as hard getting into the quick service, but maybe they'll have some kind of system where you can queue or something. I don't know. But we'll definitely try and eat there on our day in that park if I haven't been able to snag a reservation for the other restaurant. Maybe if I had, we could do one at lunch and one at dinner. That would be amazing to be able to experience both. But we're going to do what we can to experience as much of it and show you as much as we can in the vlogs. There's also a show that happens on the water in Arendelle Bay where they have boats come out. You have Anna and Elsa. I don't know whether Olaf regularly features in it. He was there on the press previews. I've heard various different things about the press previews being a bit different to every day. So, who knows? Um, but that's a cute little thing that happens. I know it's more than once a day. I don't know if it's like multiple times or maybe twice or something. Um, but it's just like a little celebration with music and the boats come out and stuff that looks really fun. Obviously, you have some shops and merchandise there as well. The other thing that's great is the character meet and greets. Mossy is a walk around character. That's the little troll. I'm not 100% sure exactly what it'd be like when the area is officially open. Obviously during these press previews, you're never sure until it's actually open to the public. But as I understand it, it's a walkaround character and you can kind of interact. Now maybe once the park is open, things like that can be a little bit tricky to manage because if you can imagine massive crowds, they could get mobbed a little bit. There could be too many people because Mossy like interacts a little bit. I don't know if there were tons of people that might be a bit too much. So maybe it would be a case that you can cue to meet them. It's a little bit like in Hollywood Studios at Galaxy's Edge. You know, the Mandalorian goes around and and you can obviously meet I call him Baby Yoda. I know he's not actually called Baby Yoda Gro or whatever he's called, but I would imagine it's similar to that. It ended up where he would kind of come out and stand and people were I think behind a rope actually because it can just be too much. I know in the parks over in Asia, people are just much more respectful and calm when it comes to things like that. So, they do have wandering characters, but in Disney World and Disneyland Paris, I don't think that that would work. I think too many people would be like crowding and yeah, I I don't know. So, I don't know is the answer to that. Olaf, when we saw the original previews or when they first revealed Olaf, who actually like wanders around and interacts, Olaf is the cutest. I cannot wait to hopefully see him, but I don't know again what the situation is because at one point they actually had him wandering around. As I understand it, that is not going to be a thing. You won't see him like wandering. That just wouldn't be okay cuz people would try and touch him. Then it looked in the press previews like he was behind again a little rope and people could come up to the rope and see him. But I don't know if that is what it's going to be when it opens. I'll be really interested to see. That's what we're going to be doing while we're there is showing you what it's really like on a normal day. But I hope we do get to see him at least, even if it's from a distance. I would have loved to have been able to like actually go up and talk and interact with him cuz he's so so so cute. Potentially one of the cutest Disney characters you'll ever be able to meet. And you do also have Oaken as well. Oaken was wandering around during the press previews. Again, I don't know if that will be the case when we go. We will discover all of that. It might be that in the very very busy initial stages, um, like the first few weeks and months, they might have to do things differently to when things calm down. It's really hard to tell. They may not know themselves. It's always a bit of an unknown with a new area. You know, that park is pretty much, I think, doubling in size. I don't know if that's actually accurate, but it's it's all a bit of an unknown. But those are the characters that are or have been out and about. Then you also have Anna and Elsa, and that is exclusive to Paris. I understand. I don't think they have this same thing in Hong Kong, but next to the attraction, you can go in and meet Anna and Elsa, but it's not just a question of like when you're in Disney World and you just queue and a character comes out. You actually walk into what feels like the castle. There was portraits up and stuff. It was really cool. And as I understand it, then you meet them in a little room. So, it's not like everybody is stood there. I think you do actually get your moment to kind of talk to them, take a photo and stuff without there just being like tons of people right there. That is what I think it is anyway. And as I understand it, that will be a virtual queue. So again, this is something we can discover when we get there. How easy is it to even get into that virtual queue? I know when things are new, sometimes if you're not like instantly on the button, you miss out. So we'll let you know about all of that. But it does look really, really amazing. The main thing that I noticed when I looked at this one video, I didn't want to see too much cuz I want to experience it for myself, but everything just looked so beautiful. That doesn't surprise me because when I think about Disney's recent expansions in the parks, everything does look incredible. But visually, it just looked so great and the music was amazing. There was actually some snow falling as well. I don't know if that was just for the press previews or whether that will be a regular thing. again and we can let you know about that. But that looked really pretty. Um, obviously in Paris it potentially could snow for real at some point. But we can't wait. We're so so excited and I'm so excited to be able to share it with you guys in the vlogs what the real experience is on a normal day and what is happening with all of the characters and stuff cuz I know a lot of you are planning trips later in the year. And I'm absolutely buzzing to be able to do this and experience it with Katherine because we have such a laugh. Her content is amazing as well. I'll link her channel below. Um, but yeah, we cannot wait. Can't wait to get out there and experience it all. And then, like I said, just a week after that, Paul and I will then be going to Florida. So, it's all happening. I've had a little bit of a break and then suddenly everything is going to be going on. Let me know in the comments if you're planning on going to the new Disney Adventure World and World of Frozen and what your countdown is when you're going or are you going out to Florida? I love to hear all of your plans. So, please do let me know that in the comments. Don't forget to check out Wild as well to get that 30% off if you need any refills or even if you don't need them right now. It's a great time to stock up when you get 30% off. So, do check that out. Victoria 2026. Or you can just use the as well. Don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already. And if you tap the bell icon, that means you'll be notified when a new video goes up. There's going to be lots coming up. Like I say, you've got all of the World of Frozen stuff and then Florida after that. And we are hoping to reach 100,000 subscribers on this channel. This is my 10th year here on YouTube uploading Disney vlogs and other Disney videos. I've been 12 years in total on YouTube with my other channel which is always linked below as well if you're interested in that. But we would absolutely love to reach that goal of 100,000 subscribers and all of this and being able to do these trips and share everything with you is only because you guys continue to watch these videos. There's so much out there now in terms of content and the fact that you guys still choose to watch mine. I know some of you have been here the whole 10 years, others have joined along the way, some people very recently, each and every one of you. I just wanted to say thank you for watching because it really does mean so much. And I know there's lots of content out there. So, the fact that you take the time out of your day to watch mine really does mean everything. And I know it does to Paul as well. He loves being in the vlogs and just experiencing everything for the first time. It's so amazing for me after all these years as well to see him enjoying it all for the first time. So if you want to share in that journey with us, please do subscribe and all the likes, comments, everything else that you do over on Instagram, Patreon, and here. It really does help so much. So a big thank you. I hope you guys are all well and having a great day. Please do let me know in the comments, as I said, what your plans are or what you're hoping to book in terms of Disney trips or if you've got a countdown already. Whatever it is, do let me know. I love to hear from you guys and I will see you again really soon. Bye.
