---
video_id: 0ONRnO7byJs
channel: DisneyInDetail
title: "DISNEY WORLD 2026 TRAVEL DAY ✈️ THEY FLEW US TO ORLANDO ON A JET2 PLANE?! Magic Kingdom & Epcot AD"
published: 2026-01-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ONRnO7byJs
---
I [music] I [music and singing] [music] take me home today. Take me home. Take [music] me back into sweet. >> Hey everyone, welcome back to my channel and to a brand new Disney World vlog. And this is a January Disney World vlog. is January 2026 and I am off to Disney World to see Festival of the Arts at Epcot. That's one of my favorite things. I love that festival. It's rapidly becoming up there with my favorite Flower and Garden still just has it, but we'll see after this trip whether um Festival of the Arts takes it over. And on this particular trip, I am going to be traveling solo. Unfortunately, Paul couldn't get the time off for this one cuz we have other travel plans throughout the year. There he is. [laughter] So, you couldn't do this one as well because >> no work and life, etc. >> So, this one is just me, but Paul is very kindly taking me to the airport cuz he always does that, which is nice. Um, and we're staying over tonight near the airport in the Travel Lodge. Actually, we stayed there recently. It was quite nice. We did. And when [clears throat] Paul's dropping me off at the terminal tomorrow morning, it doesn't really matter that it's not actually connected to the airport. So, we're heading up now. The weather's terrible. We're a bit worried. There's been floods around. >> Yeah, I was going to [laughter] say there's a few floods. So, the car nearly had it last night. So, >> yeah, it's actually been really, really bad. We've had so much rain. So, hopefully the drive up there will be okay. And yeah, flying tomorrow. I'm flying with Norse, which you've not done yet, have you? >> No, I haven't. >> The flight prices are just so cheap. Like, I know everyone at the moment is looking to do Florida on a budget. This is definitely a budget trip, and I'm going to be letting you guys know in an Instagram post at the end everything that I spent on actually booking the trip while I was there, everything. But this has definitely been more of a budget one. So I want to be able to show that to you. Those of you who are really wanting to go but not able to necessarily do Virgin's prices for flights, which is double what Norse is. Um, and I'm staying in an off-site hotel for most of it and I have one night at Allstar Movies. I did change my plans slightly. I was going to be staying at Pop Century with dining plan, but we had a conversation about it, didn't we? >> Yes, we did. Yeah. >> And Paul kind of said like, "Is that the best thing to do when you're by yourself?" because I never order like meat dishes or fish dishes or anything that would be considered the best value. Whereas you would eat those things. >> I love a good steak and I will have the meat dishes. >> Yeah. So I sort of thought to myself actually that's not a good idea. That would be better to do when we're both there and we can show you more like how you can get value from it. So I threw that out the window for now and Paul and I will do dining plan another time. So instead I thought let's do it like budget see how cheap I can actually do it. And I have so far, fingers crossed managed to do it really quite cheap. So, keep watching for all of that. All of that's going to be coming up and more. Just so much. I'm going for a week. There's going to be probably seven or eight vlogs from this trip. Apparently, it is not a big day for travel. It is so quiet in these services. Normally, it's buzzing. People everywhere. It's a Wednesday afternoon, so that kind of makes sense. But I still think this is super quiet. KFC time. [laughter] Got to be done. We needed to have something. And there's I don't think there's really much else here, is there? There was like a >> There's an Asian kitchen called Chiao. Oh, okay. But yeah, there was basically KFC is like the main thing here, I think. And I've got my usual popcorn chicken snack box and mini fillet combo, obviously with a gravy. Can't have KFC without gravy. >> I've got the honey drip meal. >> You got the new thing, haven't you? >> Yeah. >> They didn't have any beans, though. You were >> I'm absolutely devastated. I nearly cried. >> You genuinely sound quite upset. I don't bother eating KFC if there's no gravy. Like, to me, it's not worth it. But beans, what you do, right, is you get the pot, you leave your chips in them for a while, and they absorb all the bean juice, and it's really lush. >> I mean, that's what you do. I've never seen anyone else. I've never seen anyone else do that. >> Well, they were wrong, and I'm right. [laughter] >> Glad we cleared that up. >> And Chips are very measly. Was just having this conversation, weren't they? >> Paul's upset. He does not feel that it was a large >> [music] >> We have arrived at the travel lodge. It was a bit of a long journey, wasn't it? With the [laughter] the weather and trying to avoid the floods. So, we went the longer route and it did feel kind of long. >> It was a lot longer. >> Yeah, it was. But to be fair, it was very flooded, very dangerous if we decided to go down the little tight roads that live around by us. So >> yeah, >> you know, >> it was the right choice. But anyway, we're here and I'm just sitting down because I need to film a little bit of my packing video. Normally I would do it from home. I've just got one little bit to film. So I've got the Magical Express bus out, which is my wash bag. How cool is this? I think I probably got this in 2012, 2013 from the Co-op marketplace at Disney Springs. [laughter] In fact, I think I've got that wrong. I think it's the marketplace co-op, not the co-op marketplace, I think. Anyways, I've just checked in for my flight and upon doing that, this is the first I've heard of this. So, I do my check-in, pick my seat on the plane, fine, fine, fine. Get to the end and then I get a text message from Norse and I thought, oh, this will be like when they say, "Welcome to Norse and your flight tomorrow and everything." And it said, where's my phone? Let me grab it so I can tell you exactly what it said. Dear passenger, we look forward to welcoming you on board. Please note that your flight will be operated by Air Tanker Services Limited. Your flight is scheduled to depart at 2 p.m. blah blah blah. We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and would like to inform you that TV entertainment will not be available during your flight. The aircraft will be fitted with an internet Wi-Fi that allows access to in-flight entertainment content. No idea what that really means. There are no charging facilities on board, so please ensure all devices are charged prior to boarding. It goes on to apologize and all that kind of stuff. I searched it about this and it says, >> "Can I just say what I'm picturing?" >> Yeah, you can. What are you picturing? >> Okay, so I'm picturing like this like metal green plane pulling up. I did say this earlier on with like and and um a Captain America logo on the side of it, right? and like these weird numbers and digits going down the side. >> So, the reason he's had that visual, this is what it says on the AI overview when I've Googled it. >> Sorry, I'm laughing that much. I'm crying. >> Oh my god, it's not funny. Air Tanker provides aviation services including operating Airbus A330 tanker aircraft known as Voyager for the RAF and sometimes leases these militaryconfigured planes for civilian charters including to airlines like North Atlantic Airways leading to passenger flights on their converted A330s with basic cabins. The Air Tanker is a UK- based aviation company. They primarily serve the Royal Air Force with air-to-air refueling. These flights are known for being basic, often with barebones seating as they retain elements of their military configuration, like hardwearing seats. I just I I don't know. I can't I just can't. So, this is where we are. This is kind of what happens when you book the cheaper flights. So, this flight I paid £350. I think me and CLA paid similar for Norse back in October, but that was on a Norse plane and it was all fine. Absolutely, you know, perfectly fine experience. However, [snorts] let this be a cautionary tale that if you go for these cheap flights, things like this can happen. And I have no idea what I'm in for tomorrow. On the plus side for me, I do these flights a lot. I've done them for a lot of years. So, to me, they do feel shorter than they probably should for the average person because I've done it a lot. And I've got my phone. I've got my noise cancelling headphones. I've got my snacks. So, I think that whatever it's like, it will be fine. I don't know if I'm going to be able to vlog it though because somebody did say, "Have you got any photos?" And someone else was like, "Oh, they didn't like pictures being taken." But anyway, I have been just sorting out my unpacking video. Like I was saying, I've just been filming that. And while I've just been going through all of my toiletries, there's something I've got to let you guys know about cuz I know lots of you will love this. I've partnered with this brand for a long time now, as you guys will know. It is, of course, Wild. And they've got a brand new product. This is something that they've never done before. This has been a long time in the works. You will remember last year they had the roll-on deodorant. They now have anti-persperent. So, this is one of the reasons I think a lot of people haven't made the switch yet to a refillable deodorant is because a lot of people like antipersperent. The difference being your deodorant stops you from smelling and antipersperent actually helps to stop you sweating. And that is what they have now brought out. This is it here and it's in the roll-on format. I've been testing this out for quite a few weeks. I've had this for a while now and I've tested it. The other day I actually did a full clean of the flat. I was like vacuuming, like bending down to get underneath things, wiping things. I was like sweating. You know when you do a cleaning session and you're actually sweating. And I did have this on then. And it's really great for anything like that. any situations where you just know you're going to be sweating more, like going to Florida, going to the gym, anything like that where you just really need something stronger that can really help you through and you've maybe been worried to try something feeling like it's not going to be enough. You now have the option of this antipersperent. It's really easy to refill, exactly the same as the rollon. Everything is refillable as always with wild, so it's really great for not using single-use plastic. The cases can be engraved and there's lots of different design options. They ship worldwide. You can have your refills on a subscription if you want to. That just makes it easier not having to remember when to order and you can switch up the fragrances. I've actually been using this alongside my regular wild deodorant because I love the stick. This is my stick deodorant and I use both. So, this one I use kind of every day and then if I have a situation where I know I need something a little bit more powerful, I go for the antipersperent. So, I do use both of them alongside each other. I could never not use my stick deodorant. This is the OG. I've got my Bumblebee case here and I'm loving this at the moment because it is giving Bridgetton and that has just started again. There's a new series and I just absolutely love a Bridgetton. So, I love my Bumblebee case. This is one of the ones you can get on their website currently. There's no harsh chemicals, which is another thing that I love about it. No white marks when you're using the rollons. That's the great thing about it. They've each got their own different plus points. So, I've got the two different ones for depending what's going on. You've got your 24-hour protection, your 72-hour protection that actually stops you sweating. So, you can switch it up. And that's what I've been doing because I do really love both. Wild have given me an offer for you guys. If you use code Victoria 2026, you can get 20% off your whole order. There'll also be a QR code here on the screen and a link in the description as well. So whether you're watching on the TV, you can just scan the code on your phone or if you're watching elsewhere, just click the link and you can also just input Victoria 2026 when it asks you for a code to get that 20% off. They also do lip balms, you've got body wash, hand wash, they have all sorts of new fragrances, lots of different um options with the cases. They're great for a gift as well. I've given a lot of the cases to people and everyone's using it now. Paul uses it as well. >> I do indeed. >> He does. He loves it. So, I'm going to be bringing both along with me on this trip. So, right now, I think we might go for a little wander and get a drink before we think about heading to bed. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Paul's like, "Coffee, snack, maybe something like that." We did eat something on the way up. Um, but I think as soon as we've grabbed a drink and stuff, we will think about going to sleep. >> Mey chips. >> Yeah. Paul's still upset about his um small portion of KFC fries. It's very disappointing. >> Apparently, that was a lot. [laughter] He's still salty about it. And while having my coffee, I'm going to be contemplating my fate tomorrow. I really just can't believe that has happened. It's going to make for an interesting travel day. And I love to bring you guys something a little bit different. I mean, who knows what is going to happen. Stay tuned and you will find out tomorrow. >> Did you stand nearly touch the top of your head? [laughter] >> I'm not going to jump in that gap. That's where you tap into, but I'm not going to be in that. Yeah, [clears throat] let's not. >> Indeed. >> We are now having our coffee. We're in the um 85 bar cafe. It's actually quite nice here in this travel lodge. It is, you know, nice enough, isn't it? It feels >> Yeah. >> Yeah. It feels like a good one. We're having a little snack because obviously Paul was just telling you about his upsettingly small fries that he had earlier. >> Yeah. >> But now he's got some upsettingly small nachos instead. But, you know, between the two, you're going to be fine. To me, it's quite literally a handful. >> And we're having a coffee as well. Oh, no. I ordered you a coffee. >> I'm so sorry. >> Can't have it. >> I forgot. >> I will literally be awake all night. And you know, >> he asked for a sparkling water. That's my bad. I'll drink both coffees. And >> I mean, you're going to be awake all night. >> I'll be awake all night anyway thinking about my military flight. >> Help you sleep on the plane, might it? >> Right. We're back in the room and I think it's time for bed. Paul's already in bed, so he definitely thinks it is time for bed in bed. >> And I've just been trying to do a couple of things on my laptop, and the internet is terrible on both of our phones. I've got the Wi-Fi, which I paid for, and that's not much better. Um, that is often the case. And I'm trying to frantically charge everything up, make sure all power banks are completely charged. I'm just going to turn up to the airport [laughter] tomorrow and hope for the best. Obviously, I will keep you guys updated in this travel day. This is going to be an interesting one. like I said earlier, and I [snorts] will keep you posted the whole way about what's going on, but I just don't really know what to expect. I will report on all of that when I get there tomorrow. But right now, we're going to try and get some sleep, so we'll see you in the morning. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. [laughter] >> We're just having breakfast. There is copyright music in here, but I've put the microphones into what's it called? Like >> I'm just going to call it a mode. >> Noise cancelling mode, so hopefully you won't hear that. So, just had breakfast. It was just It was all right. >> It was okay. Yeah. I mean to be fair, it's all you really want, isn't it? Just to fill up before going on the plane, not the other. >> Gives you enough energy to get up and get going. >> We did not have great sleep. We were both tossing and turning all night. >> Yeah. But that's to do with your flights, isn't it? >> I think so. I was thinking about it and I had a bad dream that was unrelated. It wasn't about flights, but I think it was probably because of that. And that woke me up and then the rest of the night I was just like on and off. And you you were definitely tossing >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm just fidgety full stop 24/7. just um sent broken a voice memo and she just replied and she said exactly the same. She's picturing me like on a plane where we're all sat along the sides rather than like I know obviously it's not going to be like that. I just told Becky as well cuz she's flying with Norse later this year and she was like, "Oh my gosh, tell me what happened." Right now we're going to go back to the room, grab the luggage. >> Yeah. >> And you're going to drop me off. >> I am going to drop you off unfortunately. And even all this that's still going on. I still wish Michelle's going with you. >> Yeah, me too. Hopefully his drive back is okay cuz again it's been raining tons. >> So hopefully it's not flooded or anything driving back. I'm going to be on the crazy plane. Who knows how this day is going to end. I will let you know how both of us obviously get on later in the vlog. [music] I am so sad. I hate saying goodbye to Paul when I go away. It is just the worst. He always brings me to the airport, drops me off, stays with me overnight. He is just amazing. So I always get super sad when I got to leave him. But I need to pull myself together, go and see about dropping this bag off and ask them at the desk a little bit more about what's going on. So let's get inside. [music] [music] >> [music] >> I made it through security. I'm here in Starbucks. It's actually really quiet everywhere in the airport compared to when I was here in October with Cla. It was super busy and it normally is to be honest. Normally in this Starbucks, there's people everywhere, but you can see behind me, it's really not that bad. Got my blondrose latte. I always get the Blondro now. If you haven't tried it, it's so good. Get the Blondro. But I spoke to the people on the desk when I was checking in. All she did say is that the reason they've had to do it, according to her, was because Norse have leased out all of their Dreamliners to other people and now they're stuck without enough to run their routes. So, I don't know how that's happened or how that kind of got decided, but that is what's happened and they're in contract with whoever they've leased them to. She didn't really know anything about the plane or what it's going to be like. She said she hasn't flown on it, so she doesn't know. So, it really is just going to be a mystery. We're going to have to wait and see. just be a question of what the actual experience is like, what the service is like in terms of like drinks and stuff. I really don't understand how that's going to work because normally with Norse with the Dreamliner, you can order things from the seat back. Um, so you can like order cups of tea or whatever you want to have. I don't think there's going to be anything like that. If there's no inflight entertainment, I'm certain they won't have anything like that. Maybe they'll just come around and you can buy drinks. I don't know. We are going to discover all of that in this vlog. It's just going to be really interesting cuz this is a totally new one on me. I've never heard of this airline, flown with them. Security was a total breeze as well. So, I waited about 20 minutes in the queue to check my bag. Security was just a complete walk through. Same as normal. You don't need to take laptops or liquids out anymore like you used to have to. You just take jackets off and put everything in the tray and make sure your pockets are empty. That's pretty much it. And yeah, then coming in here to departures, it's really, really quiet. So, I guess it is January and it's during the week. It's a Thursday, so that makes sense. But it's nice. It makes for a much calmer airport experience. I've been here before at Gatwick where we couldn't even get a cup of coffee cuz everything was so busy and so crazy. I'm also going to make sure my phone and my power banks are completely charged up with the situation on the plane with no charging. I do have my headphones already charged. I need to tell you about these, by the way. I got these for Christmas. They are absolutely amazing. I wanted some this kind of style like Bluetooth noise cancelling headphones. These are the Soundcore ones. You can get these in lots of different colors on Amazon. They have got so many positive reviews. And Paul has actually got this same pair that he uses for the gym. I am in love with these. They're amazing. I use them at home. I use them when I'm walking. I'm going to be using them today. They're just so good. They very rarely need charging. They last ages. So, I'm going to link these below if anybody's interested. And they do kind of fold up as well. So, if you're wanting to put them in a bag, you can kind of fold them in a little bit. So, yeah. Absolutely love those. They're fully charged. I've got my big power bank. This is the Asperex laptop charger. So, this is a laptop power bank. It's more powerful and it's got the USBC cable actually like attached to the bottom. So, you don't need a separate one. Because it's more powerful for a laptop, it charges a phone really, really fast. Is a little bit bigger and heavier, but I obviously take this with me whenever I travel now cuz it does charge so quickly. So, I'm just going to sit here for a bit and relax now, have this coffee, and wait for the gate information, which there's loads of time yet for that. Time to head to the gate. And as I suspected, I wasn't able to get much footage on the flight, but I did manage to get a bit. And as you'll see in a second from the color scheme, this was actually apparently a plane that has been leased [music] to Jet 2. You can tell from the red and gray and normally flies the Tenneref route from the UK. So, [music] it was very surprising that this was being used for an Orlando route. And there was no recline, no inflight entertainment, as you can see there, and no headrests. It was very basic. Pretty much if you just pause here and stare at this for 10 hours, it will give you an idea of what the flight was like. I'm actually only kidding. I had my little setup going. I had my phone and I've got this clamp thing. I'll try and link it below if I can find where I got it from. [music] Um to put my phone there and had my snacks going on, so I was actually fine. A lot of people [music] were reading and it did generally seem to be okay. I didn't have the actual meal, but the person next to me did. You can kind of see [music] there. It looks, you know, pretty basic, but it was fine. Same as when Norse are operating the flight. I should mention [music] it was air tanker crew with a few Norse crew on board as well. I [music] had some fries at one point. I was totally transported back to the 80s and '90s because they tasted exactly like McCain microchips, which I actually used to like back then. The headphones I had as well really did cancel out all the noise of the engines and the plane. So, it wasn't the most comfortable. It was long and boring, but it was okay. I was just very thankful to see this iconic carpet when we landed. I have arrived and I was through so quickly today. I just need to go straight out to get my transfer because I've actually got somebody waiting for me. I've got like a pre-booked transfer so they're going to be waiting outside. And in other news, my bag has just broken. That is a bummer. But I'll fill you in on the flight, everything about it when I get to the hotel. So, let's get going. It's really late now. There was a delay on the flight. So, I'll tell you all about that. But we're really late getting here at 10:00 p.m. So, I need to go get this transfer. Good morning. It is the next day as you can see. And when I got here last night, it was so late by the time I got to the hotel. I think it was about 11:00, I want to say, just before. And by the time I checked in and actually got over here and everything, um did a tiny bit of unpacking, I just went to sleep. And at first I actually like fell asleep before I was fully ready for bed because I was just so tired. So I figured I would let you know all about the flight this morning because this vlog is going to be all one big vlog of yesterday and today where I'm going to the Magic Kingdom by the way. And I may also pop to Epcot. But before I get going to go and do all of that, let's just talk about the flight. I would have probably said a little bit about it during the travel day yesterday, but only briefly because they didn't really want people filming. They did actually say something about that. Normally they say you can film, but just make sure you're not like getting other people and the cabin crew and stuff in it, but it just sounded like more of a stern tone. I can't explain it, but it was just like a bit of a no-go. I did film a tiny bit before the other passengers got onto the plane just to show you the seating and things like that. So, basically, it was a normal plane. I think when I had said about it on Instagram, I had some really funny comments. I think when I said they primarily are like support for the military, people were picturing parachutes and cargo drops. I can't say I didn't imagine those things myself as you know. It was nothing like that. It was completely normal. It was just like an unbranded white plane. Um but the seating as you will have seen was more basic. So no recline. There was no like headrests behind you. No inflight entertainment. The seat pitch was fine. The leg room and everything I would say was the same. But it was a long flight like 10 hours 10 minutes which is long anyway. Sometimes it's like 9 something but this was 10 hours 10 minutes. Then we spent an hour and a half at the gate once everybody was boarded because some people decided that they wanted to get off. I don't know the ins and outs of that. So I'm not going to comment on it too much. The only thing I will say if it was because of the plane not having inflight entertainment, we did know that. So I would have made that decision the day before I wouldn't have waited till I was sat down. But again, I don't know the circumstances. There could have been something else going on. Um so I don't want to comment if you know there could have been another reason for that. But they had to get those people off and their bags and everything. So we were then there for I want to say an hour, an hour and 15 on top of then the 10 hours 10 minutes. So it was a long flight. By hour 7 I was just like get me out of here. So it wasn't terrible or really uncomfortable or really awful. However, was it the experience that you would get if you were flying with British Airways or Virgin Atlantic? No, it wasn't. It was different. It felt different. It just wasn't as nice of an experience, I guess, but it was perfectly fine. And for the price that I paid, I paid £350, which was half what it was coming up. At least half actually for BA and Virgin. Would I go back and do it again if I knew that was going to be like that? Yeah, I probably would to be honest. Cuz for me, I like to keep things on a budget. It really depends what your trip is all about, how much budget you've got. Are you doing like a family holiday that you've been saving for for a long time and you want everything to be great? If that's the case, I would potentially sidestep Norse and go with British Airways or Virgin. But it wasn't terrible. That's what I basically wanted to get across and just let you know how everything was. If you have any questions about it specifically, please do let me know in the comments and I will try and answer everything that I can. If you're booked and you're thinking to yourself, "Well, what about this? What about that?" But the important thing is is that I made it to Orlando and I'm ready for a day in the parks. I've got my outfit of the day. My mom made this playsuit for me. These ears are from Magic Maker Ears. I've got so many different sequin pairs in different colors. I love them. I'll link them below. This is the Rosen in at Lake Buuna Vista. I have stayed here so many times over the years. I've been staying here for many, many years, actually. It's a really good one for being close to the parks. They do have a free shuttle and no resort fees, which is important cuz that can add up. The timings for the shuttles, though, are not always great. I think there's only 1:00 in the morning and it's at like 9:30. Um, so I'm going to get an Uber this morning, but it's not very far, so I will do that. So, I just picked up the shuttle timet for the hotel and there is actually a 10:45 to Epcot. So, perfect. I'm going to get the 10:45 to Epcot. And obviously with these, they don't go to all the parks. You just go to whichever and then use Disney's transport to get around. There's also an 11:35 to Hollywood Studios, 10:50 to Universal, 510 to Disney Springs. There is a 7:15 a.m. to Universal, and a 9:30 a.m. to Hollywood Studios. So, those are all of the times in mornings. So, there's no really early ones to Disney. If you want to do that, you would have to get an Uber. I can't believe how warm it is, too. This is so nice. But, I'm making the most of it cuz in a few days time, there's going to be a cold snap again. I think I'm going to be in coats and jumpers. So, I'm definitely making the most of this. It's going to get up to like 26, I think, today and 30 it says, on Sunday, and then get extremely cold on this bench. Like, a whole Mickey waffle. That is very random. Can't be throwing away Mickey waffles. Imagine on the most completely boring ordinary day at home how much you would love to have that Mickey waffle. Terrible. And I'm not going to be here very long at Epcot this morning. First thing I need to do is get my annual pass, which is very exciting. This will be my 11th year as a Disney World annual passholder. You won't be surprised to know that I desperately need coffee. I've got a headache and I never get headaches. So, I know that this is definitely caffeine related cuz I only had one yesterday. So, I'll do that. Maybe a quick ride on Spaceship Perth and then I'm going to [music] head over to the Magic Kingdom. Oh, the music. I just love it so much. >> We are back in business. I've got my annual pass for this next year. And the cast member was so nice and he actually gave me a Lightning Lane for Guardians. He was so kind [music] and yeah said that I can come back and ride it anytime today. So before I leave here, I will definitely be doing that. >> [music] >> But let's go off and get a drink. Spaceship Earth is looking very busy. I was maybe going to do that, but by the look of it now, I'm going to be doing Guardians instead, which I am never going to be mad about. I just love this park so much. I just stopped to take some photos there. Nothing beats walking into here for me. Magic Kingdom is very special to walk into that park, but for me, this will always be my favorite. I have got my coffee. And on this trip, some of you might remember a while ago, I asked what your favorite Starbucks orders are on an Instagram post, and I've tried to pick all ones that I haven't tried before. So each day of this trip, I'm going to try one of your Starbucks orders. And this one was the most suggested actually is iced white mocka with hazelnut shots. And apparently this tastes like a Kinder Bueno. Loads of you suggested this. I've never had it before. So let's give this a go. That is nice. The hazelnut almost tastes like cinnamon to me, which is super weird, but yeah, that is nice. I don't like it as much as the caramel macchiato, which is my favorite of the ice drinks, but that is still really good. So, thank you for that recommendation. I'm going to try a different one every day. So, stay tuned to the rest of the vlogs and you'll find out which ones I try each day. And because we're in Epcot, I also got a cronut. I had to do it. A cronut to me is one of the most iconic snacks I think in Epcot. It's difficult to decide which would be the most iconic Epcot snack because there's just so many. Obviously, the festivals like come and go, so I don't think it would be any of those, but I don't know. A cronut would be up there for me, I think. And I just realized when I was doing my annual pass, the cast member was so kind and actually made all of my park reservations for me because you still need to do that if you have an annual pass. Um, I'm actually doing Animal Kingdom tomorrow, not Epcot. So, I don't know why I got that in my head. So, today I'm just going to be here for a short time, then across to Magic Kingdom, tomorrow is Animal Kingdom, and then the following day is Epcot to be here for a whole day to do as much as I can of Festival of the Arts, try as many of the snacks, have a look at all the artwork. So yeah, day after tomorrow, I'll be back here to do all of those things. And I've never noticed this before, but you can see the Disney Springs balloon from this angle in the distance there. Never spotted it from standing here in the World Showcase. I have. But now it is time to go and ride Guardians. I can't believe I got a random lightning lane. That is so nice. And I should mention there was no problem or anything. I was just at guest services sorting out my annual pass and the cast member just gave me this Lightning Lane to be nice. Just a little bit of Disney magic, which is one of the reasons I love this place so much. I wonder what song I'm going to get today. Let me know in the comments which one you think I'm going to get. I'm not going to film this. I can't really film the ride anyway. So, I will let you know when I'm out what I got. All done. I'm feeling a little bit windswept like I always do after I've been on that ride. But, I got Conga, which is my second favorite. Disco Inferno is my first and then Conga. Let me know in the comments as well what is your favorite. Um, which is the best song in your opinion. I definitely think Disco Inferno, then Conga, then September, and then the others. I don't mind after that. I'm very tempted to just start looking around at the Festival of the Arts and have a whole Epcot day, but I mustn't do it. I need to stick to my plan and head across to the Magic Kingdom. [music] [music] Just arrived at the ticket and transportation center. Everyone is going for the express Montreal. For me, it's always got to be the resort monal. Is it quicker? No. But I just enjoy it more. Taking a little scenic route around. It's usually quieter, too. [music] >> [music] >> As soon as you get off the Montreal and hear that music, it just kind of hits you when you get to Magic Kingdom. If you know, you know, [music] I just love it. I've just walked in. I can see Mary Poppins wandering around. And I think perhaps I can hear the dappaans. So, let's head down Main Street and see if we can see them. [music] He's the easy ones. [music] [music] M I C [music] Y M O U S forever. [singing] Come along and sing a song [music] and join the gener. [singing] [music] >> Time for another drink. I think I've just sat and had some of my coffee and I did want to take some pictures by the castle, but as you can see, it's coming up to parade time. It's very busy around the hub here. So, I'm going to go away and come back. I might just hang on here for a minute, though, so we can catch a little bit of the parade through the trees here. I'll zoom in a bit so you can see closer. [music] [music] >> [music] >> is the best. [music] The parade's over, so a lot of people are coming in this direction. I'm going to see if I can hop on the people mover. Looks like there's kind of a lot of people waiting, but it moves very quick. Well, it is the people mover, so that's kind of not surprising, is it? When you think about it, it's literally its only job. and my stars. Is there ever lots to see? From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> I can't believe how warm it is. I definitely think it's going to get colder, so I am enjoying this. Very unexpected. I expected it to be a lot cooler. >> Right by two of my favorite spots. >> I love a good circuit. And these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. I am just facetiming with Paul and look who's just wandered in. It's Mr. and Mrs. Incredible. >> Hi. Paul's trying to talk to him. You may not be able to tell, but yes, Paul is wearing a Deadpool dressing gown. [laughter] >> And Wolverine as well. Yeah, he loves it. He lives in that dressing gown at home. He's got a cold as well. Bless him. Oh dear. Not very well, are you? Hey, all done talking to Paul. I love having my little FaceTimes with him while I'm here. And now I need to get some food cuz I realized all I've had to eat today is that Cronut in Epcot. And I need something desperately. So, I'm wondering where to go. I'm right by Cosmic Rays. Let's just go in and check out what they've got. I'm actually a big fan of Pinocchio Village House. That was one of my favorites. And it always has been actually. I remember going there in 2002 on my first trip. Okay, we have a truffle French onion burger. That sounds really nice. Ranch salad with chicken, chicken strips, grilled chicken sandwich, buffalo chicken strips. I think I'm going to go and check out Pinocchio Village House. There is also at Friers's Nook or Fry Nooks. Friers's Nook. Fryers Nook. I think a mac and cheese hand pie, which I'm picturing to be like a McDonald's apple pie but with mac and cheese in it. I don't know. I might go and see what that's about on the way to Pinocchio Village House cuz I might end up getting that. And it does seem super busy today. We'll do a wait time check when I grab some lunch and have a look at that. It doesn't always correlate with the weight times to be fair. Cheddar bacon and ranch tots. I do love those. I've had those before. And the mac and cheese hand pie with cheese sauce. Yeah, let's do that. This is something different that I haven't had. So, I think we need to check out this mac and cheese hand pie. Okay, so I have the tots and the hand pie. And I also got a water. The total was $25. This is going to be so messy with all that cheese. There's a lot of cheese on it. I picked up extra napkins. It does say hand pie. So, I didn't pick up a knife. I just got a fork. But now I'm beginning to wonder whether I should have cut this up. I've got the little cardboard thing right underneath me so I can kind of lean over. I cannot see any way that I'm going to be able to pick this up. I'm going to have to try and chop a bit off using the fork. Okay, I'm getting somewhere. I have managed to kind of chop a piece off and get it on the fork. So, let's try it. Tastes really good. If you're a fan of hot plastic cheese, as I call it, which I've been a fan of for years, ever since I first came to the Magic Kingdom, actually, and Pinocchio Village House, like I was just saying, they used to have something called Figaro Fries, which was kind of similar to these tots. It was like fries with bacon, chopped tomato, lettuce, ranch, and the hot plastic cheese sauce. And that was one of the first things I ever when I was here in the Magic Kingdom. So, I've loved the hot plastic cheese ever since then. They used to have it in PO bills. I still haven't ever quite gotten over that that they got rid of it. Used to be able to dispense it out of a pump thing. But anyway, this mac and cheese ham pie, really, really good. I'm probably going to give this like a I give this a 7 out of 10 cuz I really like the taste of this. However, ignore the name hand pie. There is no way you're picking this thing up because it is so covered in cheese and it like slides around all over. Don't attempt to pick it up. Get a knife and fork. But it does taste really good. And let's just try the tops on camera. I have had these loads of times and they're really good. They're crispy and then you've got the bacon and the ranch and the cheese. I mean, what's not to like? The tots I would give a seven and a half out of 10. I love those two. I'm trying not to give anything too high. I don't want to over stretch the scoring right out of the gate. Yeah, both really good. Let's just have a quick wait time check before I get underway again. 20 minutes there for The Little Mermaid. That's pretty normal. 60 minutes for Seven Doors Mine Train. These weight times aren't especially high, so there's just a lot of people around. 45 minutes for Peter Pan, 25 minutes for Small World, 55 for Jungle Cruise, 20 for Pirates, 45 for Tiana's Bio Adventure, and of course, Big Thunder Mountain. Still not open yet. I think I'll do Fuller Magic as I'm walking past. I love this so much to be honest. I just really love the Coco scene, and that's why I always have to do it now. I love it. Think I'll go and see about the mansion as well. See what the wait time is for that. And also I want to check out if I can see anything of the new Piston Peak area which is under construction. And I just want to say hi to Ellie who I just met back there and she was also on a solo trip. So hello and thank you so much for stopping to say hi. I love meeting you guys in the park. So if you ever see me, please do [music] say hello. The line is looking a tad long here. I'm sure at some point in the trip I'll be able to do this with less of a wait. So let's just carry on round and see if we can do any snooping on the construction. And I'm not hopeful cuz there are walls, but you never know. Tinge of sadness as we go by the Liberty Bell entrance. I did used to love doing that. And I don't think we're going to be able to see anything. It looks like they've got everything pretty locked down here. Can't wait to see when it's finished though. And we've got tarps and everything here. I wonder if you can see from the top of Tiana's though, just before the drop. It's looking so beautiful around here at sunset. And Frontier Land in general is just [music] looking so pretty as well with the lights are just starting to come on. You can see it more up close now. I just love the way they've done the lighting on this ride and all the greenery. So nice. So I'm just over by Tortugas Tavern. I've been speaking to my mom, so it's fully dark now cuz I was having a nice chat with her. And I think I'm going to ride Pirates. What have we got here? 10-minute wait. Don't mind if I do. I love riding pirates and I love riding all dark rides like that. One of the reasons is because I always spot new details. It's the same in the Haunted Mansion. And you might be wondering, what are these details? After all of the times of riding this countless times riding pirates, what possible detail can I notice that I haven't before? Well, today it was an extra chicken that I didn't know was there. And I've got a feeling it might be around the time for the Starlight Parade. So maybe as I'm walking out, we'll get to see a little bit of that. But today I've really just been pottering around a little bit. I've got other days in Magic Kingdom and Epcot. So I was just kind of easing into it today. [music] Actually, that is the end of the parade there. Wow, this is quite something. Everyone's going to get ready for happily ever after now. So, it's goodbye to the Magic Kingdom just for now. I'll be back in a couple of days. I think I'm going to be back twice actually on this trip. So, plenty more Magic Kingdom time. Let's do the resort Montreal. Go to the Contemporary and I can get my Uber from there. They have quite a lot of the 2026 merch in here. Like this mug. I think this is a new range actually. I've seen this online, the Pale Blue Castle range. Look at this Small World sweatshirt. That's the Stony Clover range. So, I bet that's going to be expensive. $130. That is a pricey sweatshirt. It's very nice though. They have a really nice Montreal range in here with it being the contemporary. Obviously, the Montreal going right through. You get salt and pepper shakers. I actually really like this just along for the ride. I think it's like a little bum bag, like fanny pack type thing. I would want to use that to put like makeup in and stuff, but it does have a strap attached to it. Oh my gosh, look at the small world pez dispenser. I've never seen that before. I actually need some hairspray of all things. And I don't know which of these stores would have things like that. I'm sure one of them does. Or is there another one I'm not thinking of? I'm going to ask. Actually, I'll just wait until I get back to my hotel. They do have a shop there that's open till midnight, and I'm sure they'll have stuff like that there. I might just grab a drink and maybe something to eat from Contempo Cafe. I've found myself a really good table here in Contempo Cafe with this great view of the huge mural. I love this sitting here. I've got Chef Mickey's behind me and I've got coffee with a cookie dough croissant. I've heard about this on Disney food blog. It is actually like cookie baked into the quissant. This looks fascinating. I can't wait to try this. Served warm as well. That's really quite warm. It does feel quite hard. I don't know. So, we're going to see. Maybe it will taste amazing, but it's definitely different. So, I'm interested to try it. I'm going to lift the plate all the way up underneath cuz I've got a feeling it is going to be messy. It is very heavy from that first initial bite. I do not rate that. I'm afraid it is very dry. Let me just try and get more into the middle cuz I'm just wondering whether the outside is more dry. So, I've just pulled a whole piece off and I'm going to try the middle bit. The cookie by itself is the best part, but I cannot rate that at all. It's really dry. I would give that a 2 out of 10. Honestly, I would skip that. I do not think that's very good at all. Whether or not it's been hanging around a long time and maybe when they've just been made, they could be a bit fresher, I don't know. But the PB&amp;J quasonant, which you can get over at Allstar Music, I think maybe at Pop Centry. I've seen it at some of the Allstars and at Pop Centry before, I believe. That is amazing. That is a really like heavy quissant. It's got peanut butter and jam filling. It's amazing. That I would 100% would go out of my way to get. But this one, not feeling it at all. I might eat a little bit more of the cookie from the middle just so I haven't wasted it. I don't often meet Disney snacks that I don't like, to be honest. But this unfortunately is one of them. Just in the lobby of the Contemporary now in my Uber ordering chair. I always sit in the same place here when I'm getting an Uber. It's like 20 9 in the evening. It can be quite tricky getting an Uber at this time with a lot of people getting picked up, so I might have to wait a bit. Someone's just picked up 6 minutes. That's not too bad. I'm feeling so tired now after my travel day yesterday. And I've had a couple of nights of bad sleep. So, I really do need to get back and get to bed. I think I think I'll just end this vlog here. Tomorrow I'm going to be going to Animal Kingdom. I'm going to be riding Dinosaur for the last time. That is closing really soon. Restaurants is closing. The new Zootopia show. I get so many lovely messages from you guys supporting me, supporting the channel. I really do appreciate it so much. One goal that I have for this year, I really would love to reach 100,000 subscribers. I've been doing YouTube 10 years this year and it would mean so much to me to be able to reach that goal. I know a lot of people watch who are not actually subscribed, but it only takes a second on your phone if you go to YouTube to click subscribe and it really would mean so much to me to reach that goal. So, if anybody hasn't already, I would absolutely love that and really appreciate it. Thank you so much for watching as always. I can't wait to share the next one with you and plenty more to come the rest of this week as well. I hope you guys are all well and having a great day and [music] I'll see you in the next one. Bye. We missed it literally just as well, didn't we? We were right there in front of us and that >> we were the last we were the last person at the barrier and we said sorry it's fallen. We like [music]
