---
video_id: wCSyeDMWG9g
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Destiny | My Full Cruise: Feast of the Lion King, Hercules Show & Enchanté | Disney Cruise"
published: 2025-11-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCSyeDMWG9g
---
Hey friends, today we are going on the Disney Destiny and I am so excited. This is the newest cruise ship in the Disney Cruise Line fleet and I wanted to make a video to share my full cruise experience with you. We're going to eat at all of the restaurants in the rotational dining, including the new Lion King dinner show, check out the fancy themed lounges, and get some cocktails and have a beautiful Disney Destiny kind of day. Anywho, let's go do this. And there she is, the Destiny. Disney actually invited me out so I can make a video and show you how beautiful and fun this cruise ship is. I can't wait to just go around and explore, eat at all of the restaurants, and I guess most importantly, have an amazing cruise with some of my best friends. This is my third Disney cruise. I've been on the Disney Treasure, the Disney Wish, and now the Disney Destiny. And all of these ships have the same layout, but they have different activities, different theming, different restaurants, and the Disney Destiny has so many cool new things. I cannot wait to show you guys everything. And there's going to be a lot of firsts for me on this cruise. I'm going to be dining at Paulo, and I'm so excited. It's the very fancy restaurant aboard the Disney Cruise Line ships. and we're going to go to Lookout K for the first time. So, it's going to be a lot of fun. And I think we're going to just uh start making our way. It's time to board the ship. Woo! Oh, wow. Look at it in here. Wow. Black Panther right over there. This looks so beautiful. There he is. Welcome aboard, Sean. And just like that, we have made it on the Disney Destiny. And the Grand Hall looks amazing. They have a Black Panther statue. And it's because the theming for the Destiny is heroes and villains. Look at that. So, we're going to be seeing a lot of our favorite heroes and villains from all different types of movies. And we have three nights. And each night, we're going to be going to a cool restaurant. And the first night tonight, we're going to be going to Pride Lands, the feast of the Lion King. And I am so excited. Most of the other really cool like festivities will be tomorrow. Today, you know, we're just boarding. We got a little dinner, so we're going to take it easy. But, uh, I plan on filming all of my cruise experience and putting it in one video for you. And it's going to be a lot of fun. So, I think we're going to start by heading up to the room, getting all settled in, giving you a room tour, and then starting all the cruise festivities. Look at how beautiful the artwork and the carpets are in here. We're going to catch the elevator. We're staying on the 11th floor. Look at this right here. Isn't this amazing? I've never seen such a fancy carpet before. And the elevators look pretty fancy, too. I love all of the artwork. You can go level by level. And each level has a different like artwork of a character or a hero and a villain. And the carpets are amazing. I never thought I would love carpets so much. It looks like we're staying in the Baymax themed rooms. Kristen and her mom are down there. Me and Sean are right here. 11514. And I can't wait to go in. I wish they were the Hercules ones, but I like Baymax, too. Oh, look at this. Looking very fancy. Most of the rooms are the same on each ship that I've been on, but all of the theming is different. Look at that artwork. I honestly love Baymax. I think he's probably one of the coolest characters to meet in the parks. And then they've got another little artwork over here. This is the couch that pulls out into a bed. We've got one big bed here. And my favorite part, the veranda. I just love sitting out here drinking coffee and sailing away. This is a veranda state and they have all different themed rooms. Like I mentioned, this one's Baymax. They have a Hercules one. And uh we have the pull out couch and the bed. I'm taking the bed this time. I feel like me and Sean, we alternate. Last time I slept on the pull out. This time Oh, yeah. Some deluxe family rooms have like a pull out bed right here, but this is actually a little closet, so that's handy. We've got plenty of storage space, and it comes with two different bathrooms. One bathroom has like a toilet, and then the other one has a shower, so two people can get ready at the same time. It's almost just like all of the other uh Disney uh stateaterooms we've stayed in. And I love them. I think it's actually very nice. Look at those accommodations. Now that we got all settled in, it's time to make our way down to the sail away party. And I'm excited because last time I was on the wish, I missed the sail away party. So, I want to see Mickey up there dancing. And then I figured maybe we get a bottle of bubbly and uh kind of like celebrate as we uh sail away from Florida. Are you ready to discover your destiny? Woo! Well, the sail away party was awesome. It really gets you pumped to actually sail away, and it was cool seeing Spider-Man drop in. And uh now we're on our way. We decided on coming up to the top of the boat so we can get a good view as we sail out. And uh Sean ended up getting a nice bottle of champagne. So, we're going to be bubbly blessed as we sail away. Ah. Oh, sir. Is this the moral party? Yes. Please, please. We have some of the finest procco here. Let me pour you guys up a nice glass each. I'd like to feel bubbly blessed. Very bubbly blessed. I want We're getting a little too excited here. We're going to be moving any second now. So, we got our bubbly bless happening. It looks like we're starting to move. Look at how beautiful Fort Lauderdale is right now. It's going to be an amazing sunset. A nice little sunset as we sail away. You know what? I'm going to have to give the captain his props because this is a very difficult maneuver backing this out right now. I know. I feel like we're doing a K turn. It's a very tight canal. And look, we're like right on top of these houses here, too. And all these tiny boats. Look at that. We have to go in between both of these lands right here. So, uh, we're kind of backing up. Holy moly. I don't think I could have asked for a better sunset. Let me show you guys what I'm looking at right now. Look at how beautiful this is. And a Goofy movie. Wow. Max and Roxan up there. We're drifting away. I know. This is nice. The sunset was amazing. And it was cool that we got to watch a little bit of a Goofy movie, too. But it's time to get ready for dinner. and we're having dinner in the Pride Lands Feast of the Lion King. This is my most anticipated restaurant and I can't wait to show you guys all the food and watch the show itself. That's one of my favorite things about Disney Cruise Lines. They have dinner shows. Here it is. Pride Lands Feast of the Lion King. And look at the hallway. This looks so colorful and fancy. It is so pretty in here. And I love how they have these little port holes that you can actually sit in. Look at that. They have little cushions inside them. I'm really hope Sean's taking photos cuz I'm sitting inside the port hole. Look at how fancy this is. Oh my lord. Get all the way in there. Get those feet in there. I think I need a bigger port hole. I think you do need a bigger port hole. When it comes to doing the dinner shows on the cruise, you always want to be like closest to the center because that's where the stage is and that's where most of all the festivities are going to happen. So, I hope we got a good seat. Jambo. Jambo. Gives you the vibes of the Animal Kingdom Lodge. It does actually. Wow. Look at it in here. Oh, look at that. Look at Pumba. That's awesome. Where are we sitting at? 607. Yeah, this is what I was talking about. It's always good to be closest to the stage, which is in the center there. And you see the tables come all the way out here. I think we got a pretty good table, though, if we're going this far in. It's going to probably get a little bit dark in here and loud because of the music, but I'll try to show you the food as we're dining on it. Right now, I want to look at the menu. See what we're going to get to eat. Here is a look at the menu. We've got some appetizers over here. They've got pew pew shrimp, Pumba's cocktail, a nice green papaya salad, and then for the main event, they've got some shrimp curry. They got some pan seared coina. Ooh, that comes with oxtail though. And then they've got a roasted prime rib of beef. You know, I always like to get the prime rib. But the best thing about Disney cruises is you can order everything. We can get multiple entre, multiple appetizers, and I plan on trying a little bit of everything. When I first read that they were going to have like a Lion King dinner show, I wasn't sure what I was going to eat, but there's like a lot of good variety on this menu, even for picky eaters. So, I'll probably get a little bit of prime rib, a little bit of chicken, a little bit of shrimp, and maybe a little oxtail. I got to throw in something crazy. I love the drinks that they offer here at this restaurant because they're all themed and named after something to do with the Lion King. You got the Can You Feel the Rum Tonight, the Laughing Hyena, the Hakuna Colada. Hakuna Colada. Hakuna Colada. And they actually have a flavors of Africa where it's a tasting flight where you get to try three of these cocktails. So, I think I might do that. I might do a little flavors of Africa. Africa. A little hukuna colada. That means no worries. No worries. Here is the flavors of Africa. I'm not too sure which drinks are which. I know this one is lychi. And this middle one, I'm not even too sure, but we're going to try them. Oh, I think the show's starting. You got la. Wow. Oh, look it. It got bright out. That's a sunset on the savannah. Wow. They'll come back out and sing a little bit more. But like I was saying, I ordered the flavors of Africa and I don't know the names of them. They're not the drinks that are there. So, we're just going uh blind on this one. I'll let you know what I think. So, here's the first one. Ooh, that's that's actually very sweet. Very floral. Now, I'm going to try the middle one. I like I said, the only thing I know is that one has lychi in it. I like that. Very, very refreshing. But now the litechi. Do I say it right? Litechi. The luchi one. That tastes like canned fruit. I'm going to be the baby. like he was before it all. Wow. Way to start, huh? That was awesome. Very, very cool. Well, I enjoyed the flavors of Africa. The only thing is is I didn't like that litechi one. It kind of tasted like canned uh fruit cocktail, but the appetizers have arrived. Here is the chicken skewer, which looks amazing. And then I also got the pew pew shrimp, which I think that's a little grits under there, isn't it? Yeah, little grits. So, a nice little chicken shrimp combo for appetizers. Look at how amazing this skewer looks, though. I have high hopes for this. So, cheers. The chicken skewer is amazing. I don't even know what those red things are. Those tomatoes or peppers? Either way, they're very, very good. I like this a lot. But now, I want to dive on into the shrimp. It's time for the shrimp in business. I'm going to try to get a little bit of everything so I can taste all of the dish in one bite. So, here we go. Both of these are amazing, but I think I like the chicken the most. Oh, they're coming back out. Ain't no worry. I want a Hakuna colada. free. And just like that, the main event has arrived. Here is a look at my prime rib. And I love that it comes with some carrots and broccoli. And then here is the uh chicken. It's like a spiced chicken, right? Barbear bear. Bear bear bear chicken. I kind of like it. It looks really good. And I think we'll start with the prime rib. I like a little meat. I got a baked potato with my prime rib, but I probably should have asked for mashed potatoes. I think mashed potatoes and prime rib go together real well. So, I'm going to just try it on its own first. Oo, that's good. I don't know what that sauce is at the bottom of the plate, but I like it. And the chicken actually has a nice little charness to it. Looks like you get a uh two-piece. It's a two-piece bare bur chicken. Look at that charice right there. Heavily spiced, too. Wow. Both of these dishes were amazing. But if I had to pick one, I probably would go with this chicken again. Well, I mean, I was going to show you the chicken, but I ate it all. And I even like the rice, too. And Oh, yeah. There he goes. Kristen was still picking on it. It was so delicious. Literally a shocker. And I thought for real, I was like, "Oh, I'm going to be prime rib all day." But I guess I was wrong. Can you feel our love tonight? This is where we are. Heat. Heat. The desserts have arrived and we filled the table again. Got a little bit of everything. So, it's a nice cheesecake right here. Citrusy cheesecake. And then we got oursel a nice sundae. The zebra sundae. A zebra dome sundae. Look at that. That's Sean's desserts. I ended up getting the milk bar and the uh bread pudding right here. But we basically got it all covered so we can give it a taste test. You can't go wrong with any desserts here in the Savannah. This bread pudding looks pretty good. So, I think I'm going to start there. Oh, look at this. That's good. Absolutely amazing. And this looks so good, too. This was highly suggested. So, I feel like this is going to be the winner, but we'll find out. Break on in. Is this like just a milk tart to the milk tart? They're both equally amazing, but this bread pudding, this is my favorite. I'm not too sure what I got into with that. It has a unique taste to it. Something I don't think I've ever had before. Well, the feast of the Lion King was amazing. And it's kind of funny because it pulled a little switcheroo on me. I first thought I wasn't going to like any of the food, but I ended up loving all of the food. Everything was delicious and full of flavor. And I thought the entertainment was going to be my favorite part. But honestly, the entertainment, it was great. Don't get me wrong. I loved it. The singing was fantastic. The decorations inside the restaurant were incredible. But I feel like it was just missing one thing, like a character. And Frozen, they have an animatronic Olaf that comes out. The Cocoa Show has Miguel and a lot of other cool characters. This one just had the singers and they were good enough like on their own, but I would love to see something on the outskirts of the tables because if you're just in that dining room and it's on the stage, I feel like the other shows have like characters and different things to keep you, you know, entertained if you can't see the stage like, you know, from the center. Uh, but overall it was amazing. If I'd have to put it in my rankings, I would still say Frozen is my favorite Disney Cruise Line restaurant. Then I would put, you know, festival to the liking or the feast of the liking. I keep on want to say festival and then Coco because the food there was so exceptional. And I'm so happy we got to do it. But now I think we're going to probably call it an early night tonight. We're going to go to lookout tomorrow. So I want to be well rested and I guess uh we'll pick it up in the morning. I'm going to make this video just like I've done with all my other cruise videos where I just filmed the whole experience. So, I guess I'll uh see you in the morning. See you in the morning. And good morning from Lookout K. I think it's on the other side of the boat. But we are officially docked. And it's time to kick off day two. Look at how blue that water is. Holy moly. I don't think I've ever seen water that crystal clear before. We've got a lot of really cool things planned for today. I already mentioned we're going to be going to Lookout Key or K. I don't know how to pronounce it. But we're also going to be riding the Aqua Mouse, which this is a different version. So, I'm so excited. We're going to check out some of the cool themed lounges like Deville's, the Carella Deville Themed Lounge, the Sanctum, and then we had dinner at 1923, which I love this restaurant. I know we've eaten there on every single cruise cuz it's on every cruise ship, but it's uh very, very nice, especially if you're a big Disney fan. And then later on tonight, we've got the Hercules musical, which I am so excited for. I definitely want to go the distance. So, we better get ready. Got to get dressed to go to the distance. We figured we'd start the day with a little breakfast. And we're going to hit up the buffet. And I love the breakfast on the cruise line. Look at We got some sausage, bacon, asparagus, some kiches over here. I like those little triangle hash browns. I don't even know what this is. Oh, smoked salmon. Fancy eggs benedict, too. I want to go to the kids section, though. It's probably where they got the Mickey waffles at. Oh, what do we got here? Chicken, egg, fried rice. More bacon and sausage. Oh, there it is. Kids counter. That's what's calling my name. Look at that. Breakfast of champions. What'd you get? Hash browns. Yes. The omelet station. Oh, yeah. I forgot about the omelet station. And they also have some oatmeal over here, too. Sir, how are you? Don't be scared. Oh, okay. It's all sugar free. Close your eyes. All sugarree. If you close the eyes. Oh, if you close your eyes. I'll take a donut then. Yeah. Normally chocolate. Thanks. Oh. Uh, vanilla. Oh, glazed. Glazed. Yeah. Or both. I'll do them both. Why'd you do that? Why' you do something? This one's really popular, too. Cinnamon roll. All right, I'll take one of those. Oh my lord. No worries. But it's all for the happiness. Well, say this is good. I think I think it's going to make me happy. Thank you. I am easily uh what would you call it? Uh persuaded. Yeah, I'm easily persuaded. And they kept on asking if I wanted all these different pastries. And of course, I'm going to say yes. So, uh it looks like we have an unhealthy breakfast for the start of the day. Cheers. What' you have for breakfast today? Two Mickey waffles, a cinnamon roll, two donuts, a hash brown, and a little coffee. That's the breakfast of champions. I think I'll start with the Mickey waffle. I always like to eat ears first. Sometimes I like to dip, sometimes I like to just put it on there, but today I'm in a dipping mood. I just got syrup all over my shirt. It's funny because the guy said that this cinnamon roll is uh the most popular item, and I would have to agree. I love that cinnamon roll. I mean, other than the Mickey waffles, the cinnamon roll is kind of like flaky. It's kind of like a croissant cinnamon roll, and I like it. Now that we got our breakfast, we got dressed and ready to go for Lookout, but we have some time before we can disembark. So, I figured maybe we go hit up one of the cool lounges, maybe Deville's, get ourselves an A.M. cocktail, and uh just uh explore the ship a little bit. We heard there's some characters down in the Oceaners Club, so I want to take the slide down. I'm kind of a little nervous about this, but we're going to go for it. I don't even know how I'm going to get in this thing. One foot at a time, I guess. Oh boy. Okay, here we go. Oh my lord. Oh, there's a little bit of a drop off. Wow. Well, I have to say that was an intense slide, but we made it to the Oceaner Club. Look at this down here. Isn't it fancy? Did you see me go down that slide? I did. I got a great video view, which you can I will make sure that you can have it so you can show everyone. What do we got over here? We got Walt Disney Imagineering. This is the kids play area, and it actually has a lot of different activities. Fairy Tale Hall over here, and then WDI Imagineering. You can actually build your own ride if you wanted to. Well, after almost breaking my back on that slide, I definitely think we need to get ourselves an AM cocktail over at Devil's and hopefully Carella might show up. Maybe sing us a little song. Oh, look at that piano right there. This is very cozy accommodations. Here is a look at some of the cocktails you can get at Deville's. And they all look marvelous, actually. And I love all of the spots. I definitely think I'm gonna indulge in an A.M. cocktail. Wow, that looks bubbly blessed. Holy moly. I decided on trying some of the drinks here at the Bells. And this is a non-alcoholic drink, but it kind of looks like a pipe, doesn't it? It's even got the smoke coming out of it. Oh boy, I'm drinking. You drink out of this little spot. It's like Corella. It's like Roger's pipe. It looks like M. That's actually awesome. And it's delicious. I don't know what's in it, but I like it. I'll let you guys know. At first, you think is the devil. away. Oh, you come to realize you seen her kind of eyes watching you from underneath a rock under you idiot. Oh, good morning, Mr. Bill. How dare you repeat the lyrical falsities of that dreadful song? I I'm not grief stricken. Oh. Oh, we're sorry. We're sorry, Krill. I didn't know that was going to make you so upset. Oh, that song is full of wicked lies. Okay. Yeah. I had no idea if Krillin Deville had real feelings. I can hear you. A But could you imagine though if if your friends wrote this terrible song about you and and then it became popular and it and it made them famous and Well, I'll leave you to it, darling. See you very soon. Don't disappoint me. Cheerio. Bye, Kruella. Okay, simple stuff. What's something you like about Krill? One thing. Her car. Oh, her car. Her car. And how would you describe that car? Give us an adjective for that car. It's monochromatic. Monochromatic car. That's a big word. Chromatic car. I am back looking more exquisite than when I left. Yes, I do hope that this song makes mention of my beauty, an undeniable sense of style. So, you will not be disappointed. Kruella, this crew is incredible. Everyone, are we ready? Kruella carrua. Kruella, we're in your bar. Kruella, Kruella gives us a chilla. Cruella. Now, one more time. Sing out, people. Kruella chromatic car. Yes. Oh, I can't wait to see the look on Roger's face when I tell him all about this. Oh, I'm going to bring him and Anita right now. Oh, wonderful. I've got to run, darlings. Kella chromatica. Hey, we're also getting the perfectly wretched one. And this one comes with some lipstick, perfume, and a fancy presentation. Oh, here it comes. Look at this. That's an actual drink. Is the lipstick edible? Yes, sir. No way. I want the lipstick. How about the perfume? You can drink that. Everything. Yeah. No, everything is just presentation. Just do a sprite. Oh, you can give it a little spritz. Wow. I don't know what you're trying to tell me here. Am I just not pretty enough or you were pretty enough to get pretty? You don't need any more makeup. You wear enough makeup like that. There you go. Now you got a nice cement. Did I say cement? A nice cement. Now I looks like I need the lipstick. I'm not sure how we should do this. I want you to bite it. Tell me what it tastes like. Let me put it on first, please. What does lipstick taste like? You know what? It's like a mini popsicle. Well, that's good. It didn't taste like this when I was younger. When I had my mom's, you ate lipstick when you were younger. Was I not supposed to admit that? Yeah. Oh, no. Yeah, you're not supposed to eat lipstick. I used to eat paint chips. All right. I feel like I got to try the drink now. That went right in my ear. It's just glitter. Oh, the lipstick is delicious. Hey yo, smells very citrusy and I love the presentation. A nice white chalice cup. Pinky up, darling. You know what? This is This is turning to be a quite an interesting drink. It is very, very sweet. Very sweet. The presentation, I believe, is just a one. Honestly, if you're going to come to the Carella Deville Bar, this is how you got to do it because Kella is not going to accept any slack. You got to be on your agame, perfume, lipstick on, and you got to write her a song. Well, Deville's was amazing. In fact, it's probably my favorite lounge on property. The drinks were awesome and the entertainment. We wrote a song for Gorilla, but now it's time to start making our way to lookout. I got my towels and my pirate bandana. I think I'm prepped. I need some sunburn lotion. Sunburn lotion. Well, here is a good look at the Destiny from outside of this ship. And I didn't know that there was such a long walk to get to lookout. Look at this. You got to walk all the way down there to where you see the beach. It's uh I would say about 10 maybe 15 minutes. They do have uh carts if you are handicapped that'll pick you up and take you, but I think we're hoofing it. I wore my bandana for pirates night so that it stops the sweat from getting into my eyes, but it's not really working. They're burning a little bit. But I think we made it. We made it to Lookout K at Lighthouse Point. I'm reading the sign with one eye. Oh, it sounds like something cool is happening over here. Heat. Heat. I love that so much. Once I found out I can follow along and then eventually dance with them. That was like the best thing you can ask for for once you step onto the island. Wow. I think I love Lookout. Now I think we're going to keep moving along. I want to go to the adult beach and maybe get a little barbecue. Some barbecue in the water. I heard that they had cabanas here, but these look like cabins on a beach. Look at this. Look how cozy. I know. Look at how cool these cabanas are. We can go in and show you guys what you get if you rent it. It's literally like a little miniature cabin, right? We get to just hang out on the beach. You got your own patio chairs and it comes with a mini fridge with fresh fruit. They even got the sunblock lotion. Remember when I said that? Oh, sunburn block. And then we got Lays potato chips. This is kind of cozy. Wait, come sit here. Come sit here. You got to sit here. Let me sit here. Yeah, you guys need a nice long break after that uh dance. I danced the day away. It's time for a nap. Those cabanas are beautiful. If I was actually staying in one of them. Right now, it's just an open house that we got to show you, but I would never want to leave. But now we got to leave. So, I think uh we'll make our way to to the barbecue. They have a barbecue buffet on the island and you can eat barbecue, hang out by the water. It's kind of cozy. Actually, it's really cozy. Serenity Bay Barbecue. And they got a lot of really good things to snack on. Hamburgers, hot dogs, and it's all uh buffet style. Look at that. You got some ribs there. You got some rice, cheeseburgers, French fries, chili, grilled snapper. Wow. Oh my lord. Is that steak back there, too? You can get steak. Holy moly. Look at that beef steak. Available upon request. I think I might need to do a little steak uh steak, chicken, rib, rice, French fry, hamburger, and hot dog combo. Well, here it is. The hot dog, hamburger, rice, French fries, steak, chicken, ribs combo. The Beijing Mr. Marorrow special. I just like to try a little bit of everything. I've had the ribs before, but this burger looks phenomenal. And did you guys see the steak that they're cooking up? The burger? Yeah, they're doing it on a broiler top, so it adds a nice little charredness to it. But I think we'll dive on in. I'll let you guys know what my favorite is after. First things first, we got to get to the rib business. And I love these ribs. Oh yeah. Out of everything I tried, the ribs are my favorite. Then the burger, then the hot dog, then the steak, then the jumbolaya. I don't even know if that's jumboa. Might be uh papaya. Is that what you call it? Paella. That's what it is. But I thought they said jumbo, but I said I don't think I've ever seen anyone put peas in jumbo. Either way, it's all really, really good. And it's, you know, good because it's on uh on Highland. It's barbecue on an island. They have island cats here. Hey, kitty kitty kitty. Oh, look at that. I'm an island cat. I'm an island cat. On top of the delicious barbecue, they also have some fresh fruit. Watermelon, cantaloupe, pineapple, honeydew, and then chocolate chip cookies, muffins, cornbread, and some ice cream. Look at that. Hand scooped. Nothing like some ice cold ice cream on a beautiful beach day. Actually, I wonder what it' be like to eat ice cream in the ocean. Off to his destiny. What is better, ribs in the water or ice cream in the water? We're about to find out. I felt it out my bum. It's cold. Oh no. Is it coming again? It's a little cold. It is chilly. Well, the rumors are true. Ice cream does taste better in the ocean. And I think we're done with Lookout Cave for the day today. I had a lot of fun. We were hanging out on the water. I got a lot of sand in my shoes and I think a little sunburn, but not too bad. I was applying all that, you know, sunburn lotion, so I feel a lot better. But, uh, now it's time to make our way back to the destiny. Time to reclaim your destiny, Sean. Yeah. Did you see me walking? I saw you. I'm ready. Our destiny lies in this ship. Now that we're back on the Destiny, I had to change out my clothes cuz they were full of sand. I have to say I think I like Castaway better as like a Disney destination, but Lookout was beautiful. I felt like I was at a luxury resort, but it didn't feel like Disney to me, which like I said, it's kind of like not a bad thing. It depends on what you're looking for, but I had a lot of fun and it was great to hang out with Kristen, Sean, and Kristen's mom. And I'm happy that we're all here just, you know, hanging out and doing a cruise together. Now, I think it's time for us to go ride the Aqua Mouse, and I am so excited. Uh, each version of the Aqua Mouse, cuz they have the Aqua Mouse on different cruise lines, and each version is a different story. And the one here on the Destiny, it's all about villains. And they're going to hook up a on camera so you can uh see my reactions as I ride it for the first time. Kristen, how do you feel about this? Psyched. Psyched. Psyched. Look at this. We're so proud of him. That's our son. That's our son. That's our son. You'll be able to see us go around in the right corner. We're going to get away. If you see something scary, sing something silly. Singapore. We tail singha. down to save the day. There he is. The aqua mouse was amazing. That was definitely my favorite version yet. Now, I think we're going to start making our way to maybe one of the cool lounges and hang out because the Hercules musical is tonight and I am so excited. So, I just want to kick back and relax until Hercules. I honestly feel like I need a little pickme up. So, we came to Cafe Merida so I can get maybe an espresso teini or a cold brew. They have a lot of really good things here. I wonder if they got snacks since they got the plate of delicious looking cookies here. That actually looks really good. Here is the menu at Cafe Merida. And I think I'm going to get the rum mocha right here. But they also have a brew fashion with chocolate bters. That sounds pretty good. I saw Kristen got this one and it has like a fun design on it. So, I think I'm going to do it. Why are you so high up? I'm sitting in the little chair. Hold on. Look at this. I feel like I I feel like I'm on the kids table. You are. Look at how cool that is. Actually, I don't want to drink it because I feel like it's going to mess it up. But I think it dissolves. So, we got to get right to it. All right. Nate got a little rumboka as well. So, we're going to Cheers. Cheers to the rum mocha. Cheers. Look at that. Honestly, I don't think I've ever had an espresso martini with rum in it before. First time. What do you think? It's pretty good. I You know, I was worried cuz I'm like usually not a rum person. I wouldn't go for rum. So, I was a little worried. But I It doesn't I don't taste so much rum at all. So, it's nice and smooth. A little chocolate. And it's pirates night. It is. So, we need the rum. Pirates actually. We came to the right spot. Perfect. Yeah, we're going to finish up our espresso martinis and then make our way down to the Sanctum, the Doctor Strange Lounge, and then from there probably get ready for the Hercules musical. But I'm glad I got a little espressoini. Tonight is pirates night. And look at Mickey's decked out in his pirate outfit. Minnie's over there. And they're also doing a show in the Grand Hall. Look at this lighting package. Isn't it beautiful? Oh, woo. I have to say with this lighting package, I really feel like this might be my favorite like grand hall. Is that what they call it? The grand hall, atrium, main lobby. Either way, this is amazing. I've been waiting to come hang out here for a while. I'm so happy. I want to get the drink that levitates. Oh, look at you guys. You found a cozy table over here, huh? You know, Dr. Oh, you got a bar. I know Doctor Strange. All right. All right. You're allowed to sit here. All right. Oh, there it is. There's the floating drink. Yeah, I just got it. Wow. Now, I will give you a little secret. Most of the drinks do come with a little presentation. So, a lot of them do float. Look at this. And you got a fancy drink, too. Oh, wow. What is that? So, it pours you and they put the tea here and then it pours into here and then you pour this like into here. Wow. There is too much to pick from right here. And then I got a waffle. Oh, of course. What goes better with tea? Waffles. What? Yeah, that's great for videos. Kristen, I think I found the drink you're getting. That's awesome. Thank you. What the What? Yeah, you got to get that one. Yo, these drinks are so mystical, actually. That cup going Wow. I feel like we should I mean, you already got one though. You already drank the the floating one. So, I think this one is besides the Haunted Mansion parlor. This is the coolest flouch. Wait, so out of these three drinks, which one was the best one? Do you think this? That one? Yeah. Yeah. All right, enough of The Sanctum. It's time for the Hercules musical. And I am so excited for this. It honestly blows my mind that they have a theater this size inside of a cruise ship. Isn't that crazy? Look at it in here. Holy moly. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to film the show, but I can at least show you the theater. Oh, and it looks busy in here. Oh, wow. Even the music right now is amazing. Oh, and they have people that come over and wait on you. Hercules was such an amazing show. The singing, the actors, and the gigantic titans. I wish I was able to show you. I mean, I might be biased because it's my favorite movie. Well, my favorite Disney movie, but it really sat with me and I absolutely adored it. And I'm sorry I wasn't able to film, but I might have a surprise tomorrow. So, you guys are going to have to wait and see in the video that uh might show you how cool the actual show is. Right now, I had to come up and get dressed cuz we're going to 1923. I put on one of my favorite Mickey Mouse Roosevelts. And I think we're eating in Rory Disney's uh side. Every single time I've been to 1923 cuz it's on the wish and it's on the treasure. I always sit in Walt Disney side, but uh I think tonight we're doing it classic Roy. So, I guess uh it's time for dinner. Time for dinner. 1923 is in the Grand Hall. But before we head in, I think we're going to meet uh Jack Sparrow since it's pirates night. Nobody's wearing anything pirates, though. Just me. Cooper R. How are you? Good. How are you? I'm always good. Let me see your teacher. I'm prepared. Stop that wretched mid. You know about the curse. The curse. It's real. You hired. Wow. It's real. Wow. Look at this. I don't even think I've ever seen Roy Disney's side. Inside here, you'll see a lot of uh really cool animation, like history pieces from Disney itself. This place is definitely fancy, so I feel like I should take my hat off so I can, you know, fit the park. I absolutely love that we're actually sitting in the Toy Story section. Toy Story section. Yeah, the Toy Story. Listen, every once in a while the speech impediment, you know, breaks out, but we are sitting in a Toy Story section. Look at all of these really cool concept arts here. You got Zord Zord. No, I'm leaving it all. Ever since the first time I ate at 1923 on the treasure, I always like to get the uh 1923 peppered fillet, but with a side of lobster, and they're allowing me to do it today. And I also got the chicken, too, cuz I like to have a little chicken with my steak. Just take a look at how delicious this looks. Here is the chicken dish. And I love how all the potatoes are either square or rectangle. And then here's the fillet with my side of lobster. A little land sea and land land sea land lanc. Unless you know any chickens that can fly cuz then it would be land sea and air. Let's get into the fillet business. Going to spread that mashed potato on there like butter. Bada bing. And now take a look at this. Going to do a little steak, mashed potato, lobster combo all in one bite. And I haven't even dived into the chicken, but I already had all of this food multiple times. And it's always delicious. You can't go wrong in 1923. 1923 was awesome. I've eaten there multiple times, and I think I keep ordering the same thing because I like it so much. But I think after that, I might call it a night. It's been a very long day. In fact, I sometimes forget that we were at Lookout today. I was up and about early and uh I'm feeling super tired and we got one more day. And I'm excited because tomorrow we're doing a lot of amazing things, a lot of really cool restaurants I've never eaten at before. And uh I can't wait to share my experiences with you. So, I guess I'll uh see you in the morning. See you in the morning. And good morning from the Disney Destiny on day three. It was a nice cozy night last night. I got some good sleep and I'm ready for all of the festivities to begin today. We have a lot of really big things we're doing today. In fact, we're starting the day strong because we're going to go down to the theater. And like I said, I got a special surprise because they're allowing us to get up on stage and interact with some of the uh props and different things for the Hercules show. So, I'm going to be able to show you what it looks like a little bit since I wasn't able to film the show. And then we've got Paulo for brunch and anante for dinner tonight. So, we're going to have a fun day full of lots of really cool first. I've never had Paulo before and I'd never had anante. I like just saying that. I don't even know if I'm saying it right. On Shante. But uh now we're going to start making our way down and get ready for a little Hercules. Hercules. Hercules. We actually get to go up on stage and get a really close look at everything. Take a look at this. Isn't it amazing? The actors will actually go inside here. You can see their little harness right here. And I'm sure this controls the mouth. And uh spoiler warning, uh you'll see multiple of this actually in the show. If you know anything about Hercules, you know, if you cut one head off, three grow back. And uh it happens a lot in the movie. But isn't this so cool? The detail and everything. I kind of want to just hang out in there. You can actually look up inside there, too. Look at that. I can actually almost see all the way to the mouth. Yo, that is so impressive. This is such a great opportunity to be up here and see this stuff. Literally, I wish I can actually control one though, cuz that would be like a dream come true. Oh, look at this. There's a little slit. But where do they cut the heads off? Must be right here. I don't want to touch anything. So, but you'll see during the show, they actually slice the heads off on these actual ones. So, these like kind of come off. It's crazy. This one you can actually get a little low and see inside the mouth. I don't know if I'm going to be able to get back up, but I'm getting down low. I'm getting down low. Look at this. We're in the mouth of the monster. Paint me like one of your French girls, Jack. I don't think I've ever been up on a stage before. This is awesome. You got a card over here. This isn't actual merchandise. This is all props from the show. Look at the Hercules. And you're wearing his merchandise. And another cool thing, you can see one of the Titans just standing in the corner over here. It's actually kind of creepy. It's like he's just hanging out here in timeout. He's just sitting back there in a dark room. And that looks pretty big, too. Oh, wait. Is that just the top half of them? It's split in half, I think. Oh, yeah. Here's the bottom right down here. Yeah. So, somebody stands in here and then they lower that down and they control it all. This whole entire contraption right here is kind of amazing. It's kind of like the Pandora suit. Yeah. Wow. Look at us on the stage. Who would have known? What are we doing here? This is such an awesome experience. We had to wake up early to come do it. And I have never been happier. Now we got a fresh start of the morning, a great start to the morning, and uh we got to do something I think is pretty phenomenal. That was such a cool experience being up on stage, getting to like interact with all the cool props. Very, very cool. I'll definitely remember that forever. But now it's time to get ready for a little brunch. A little brunch at Paulo. And I hear it's got a lot of things that I like. It's like an Italian dinner brunch. They got chicken parm. They got pancakes, French toast, pizza, and uh that kind of sounds like uh the brunch I'd like a lot. The Apollo brunch is 18 and older and it's an additional cost. And they have a strict dress code. So, everyone's got their dresses on and our pants. We got pants and dresses. I heard you next. Wow, this is so fancy in here. Look at all the Beauty and the Beast pictures. And then the rose. Remember our last time here? Yep. Till the last petal falls. All of the restaurants on the cruise ship are included, but if you want to eat at Paulo or Ashante, it's an additional upcharge. And I'm excited because I've never eaten at any of them. All right, we're heading on in. Wow, it looks very nice in here. Holy moly. I just found out if you don't bring pants, they actually have pants to give you here because they want everyone to adhere to the dress code. But I brought my fancy pants with me, so I'm good to go. The best thing about this brunch is everything is all you can eat. So, you can literally get apple cinnamon waffles, buttermilk pancakes, parmesan crusted chicken breast, and uh spicy Italian sausage flatbreads. And that's basically what I'm going to order. They also have soup, a celery soup with spicy sausage. So, we're going to get pancakes, waffles, steak, chicken parm, and some celery soup. What a brunch. You get your first drink free, so I decided to get a little mimosa. Everyone else got procco. Oh, Michelle, you got peach. Cheers. Cheers to Paulo. Final day on the desk. The final day. Isn't that sad? What's brunch without a mimosa? Bottoms up. That was a big gulp. To begin the brunch, they bring out some anti pasta and then a little seafood plate. Got some shrimp and then you got a big uh claw there. Only one though, but you can order as many as you want. Oh, and here comes the soup. Is that the celery soup with the Italian sausage and ficasha breadcrumbs? Oh, it looks so good. I love ficasha. And I hope I like this soup. I've never had celery soup before. Oh, look at that sausage. Oh, boy. Yeah, you know it. Here we go. I got a little bit of everything in one bite. The crouton and the sausage. Anyway, that's actually good. That soup is amazing. They have an awesome iced tea where they actually make frozen iced tea cubes so it never gets watered down. Look at that. That is so awesome. I feel like I'm about to have breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one sitting. The breakfast entre arrived. I ended up getting the apple cinnamon Mickey waffle. And it's not like a regular Mickey waffle. They actually baked the apples inside. And they have a strawberry version, too. And then I feel like I got to try the buttermilk pancakes. And it looks like they got some orange zest on there. Very zesty. I got a little bit of the apple comple right on the ear there. We're going to dive on in. Ooh, it's very good. They also brought out some uh little pastries. Got an almond croissant. I don't even know what these are, though. Are they like little kishes? I think it has some custard and then some fruit on top. So, maybe it's a custard kiche. The croissant looks very flaky and nice, too. I like an almond croissant. Sometimes they have filling in them. This one doesn't look like it has filling in it. Oh, it does. Maybe I just lost some of the filling. Or maybe it's deep in there. Baked it real nice. Enough of the breakfast business. The Italian food came out. We got the chicken parm right here. And then we got a flatbread. Half margarita, half sausage. So, I think we'll start the Italian uh Italian food portion of the meal. And we still got steak to come out. So, we had breakfast, pancakes, waffle, pizza, chicken, and steak. Might as well dive right on in. Underneath the chicken parm, they give you a nice little bed of risoto. But now, I think I want to try the spicy sausage flatbread. Look at that over there. And I think it might be the same sausage from the soup. Oh, it looks like it. It's definitely got a little flop to it, but it's got a nice little crunchiness to it. So, I think it might be pretty good. We'll find out. The sausage is definitely very spicy and I like the uh flavor of the crust itself. It's actually not a bad pie. And I thought it was going to be like a flatbread. That's more of like a traditional like, you know, pizza pie. I feel like Yeah, like a personal pie. Yeah, it's really good. That sausage is delicious. And you can get as much as you want. You can just keep on ordering it. You want to get two or three chicken parmms, might as well. And now we're finally on the steak business. This looks like a very interesting steak. It's shaped well and it's got a nice like not too thickness to it. I'm kind of excited. And these look like scallops, but I think they're potatoes. I think this is just like a grilled sirloin steak, but it does look phenomenal. Oh, wow. We definitely got a lot of food to try and overall experience of it. I would love to come back and try it at night for like dinner because the steak is pretty good. But I think if it would be a lot better if it was a different cut of steak. The only one on the menu they had for brunch was like a sirloin. But still very good. I like to see what they can do with the ribeye. Well, Paulo was a lot of fun. I definitely think I would enjoy dinner a lot more. I mean, the brunch was great and it was fun to get dressed up in your pants and hang out with your friends. And uh I loved that it was kind of like an Italian brunch. They had chicken parm and the pizza. My favorite thing was probably the soup, but I really think I need to go back for dinner. I want to try like a nice steak from there and some of the other pasta dishes that you can't get during like, you know, brunch. And I think now we're going to keep moving along. I want to explore the ship a little bit more and maybe get a sweet treat. Here it is. The Edna Alamode Sweet Shop. And look at how awesome this is in here. I love all of the incredible Easter eggs. And I absolutely love all of the sweets. They have gelato and ice cream. A really cool build your own sundae that comes in a really awesome car. And then a bunch of other sweet treats, too. And the topping bar is impressive. You can basically put anything on ice cream. Blueberries. They've got butter fingers. Skittles. Who eats Skittles on ice cream? That's kind of strange. Maybe they just want to taste the rainbow. And then they have regular desserts, too. Like the Edna Alamode cookies and cream cookie, milk chocolate truffles, the Num Num cookie. Look how amazing that is. Rice Krispie treats. And then look at all these desserts over here. That is incredible. Actually, that's so funny because they are mostly incredible. All these cupcakes up here are for each character. Elastig Girl, Violets, and the Jack Jackack one. I don't know. We're gonna have to dive on in. I also want to get just a nice Mickey cookie sandwich cuz that looks cool. I ended up getting a couple of the treats from Edna's and they're not that expensive. Like I got this Rice Krispie treat, the little JackJack Rice Krispie treat. And I think that was $3.50. And then I also got the Mickey cookie sandwich cuz I love the little medallion. I'm trying to pick it up. It's a bigger one. Look at this. Isn't that so fancy? So, I figured we'd just uh dive on in. And I think this one was like only $4. It's a shortbread with uh some sprinkles and uh a nice little filling. So, cheers. Ears first. That is so sweet and delicious. Holy moly. When I picked this up, I thought it was going to be hard to bite into, but it's soft and it just fell apart. Now, let's get into the Jack Jack Rice Krispie treat. I hope this one's soft just like that one. M. That is actually so delicious. And you can taste the toasted marshmallows. You can see the marshmallows a little bit burnt there. You know, I always heard the key to making good Rice Krispie treats is burn the marshmallows a little bit cuz it adds a nice little flavor to it. And I feel like that's what they did here. Overall, I love Edna Modes. I think it's a perfect little sweet spot or sweet stop. It's so nice out and the sun is starting to set. I'm sitting here eating my Rice Krispie treat. Really enjoying life at the moment. So, cheers. Thank you guys for always watching and being here. Cheers. Well, now that we got to try some of the sweets from Edna Modes, it's time for us to get ready for Ashante. And I put on one of my new shirts. It's the Mickey Christmas Carol Roosevelt. They just released these and I was saving it for a special occasion and uh why not ashante? We didn't do much today. We uh went to Paulo for brunch and then we had some desserts, hung out by the pool, relaxed a little bit and uh now it's already nighttime and uh we have Worlds of Marvel for our regular rotational dining, but I've eaten at both of them before and showed them in other videos. So, if you haven't seen it, go back and watch the treasure because it's the same exact restaurant with the menu. So that's why I wanted to do something a little bit different or something a little fancy. So I guess we got to put our pants back on. Put your pants on. One of the things I didn't get to do on this cruise was get a lot from Mickey's Smoke Stack Barbecue. I love the barbecue they have here. Oh yeah, look at the brisket, the sausage, and this is all free. We're going to the restaurant we got to pay for. What are you getting? Some brisket for the road. We're about to go to Anante. I want a little brisket for the road. Holy moly. They have more than just barbecue, too. They got pizza, tacos, everything. The chef is ready. We're heading into uh Enshante. Are you excited? No, I just said it wrong and I've been practicing all day. Wow, look how fancy this is. Oh, wow. You don't mind away from me or you can film? I know you're filming. Yeah. Wow. This is beautiful. Look at this. Wow. Wow. L is a traditionally chef from Champagne. This is a bubbly champagne chandeli. Wow. The table all the way to the corner. I have this table a little bit bigger. I know you're going to be filming for me. It's a very nice table over there. Whatever is the best table. Take us to wherever the light is. Wherever the best lighting is. Best lighting. This place is super fancy and I'm making it a mission to try whatever food they throw at me. So, I'm kind of excited. This is definitely something out of my comfort zone. And uh they gave us a little uh champagne cocktail to start. Complimentary. Lovely. Blessed. Ooh, it tastes like flowers. Cheers. Cheers. Making memories. Making memories. Making memories. One of the things on the menu I'm very excited to try is pigeon. They actually have pigeon on the menu and I've never eaten that before. So, uh, it's kind of, like I said, a little out of my comfort zone, but I've got great friends here who definitely do eat a lot of this food. So, uh, when's the last time I ate? There's one right here that would eat that. Oh, I guess Kristen, have you had pigeon before? No, but I've had like hen and stuff. So, have you though? You had hen in the corn chowder at 1923. I didn't even know I ate a hen, but now I'm gonna try a pigeon. Here is a look at the menu. You can choose from several different offerings. They have the passion for $145 and you get scallops, the pigeon pie, and a lot of other good things. And then they have a vegetarian one for $145 as well. Or you can get the collection, which is basically just whatever they bring out to you, and it's $215. And I feel like I should do that. I think it's the most uh kind of ambitious for me. But if you don't want to do any of the large courses, they do have the alle cart where you can just order, you know, lobster, wagu beef, pigeon pie, or scallops. But I think we're all doing the collection. It's an experience. An experience for our first experience. Yep. If you guys see me not like something in this video, it's probably because, like I said, I'm a very picky eater. I have a feeling the chef is preparing probably some of the best food in the world here. But, you know, I usually like chicken tenders and French fries. Uh, but I did notice the collection has a lot of seafood. So, I definitely think I'm going to be getting some lobster, some scallops, and we already said the Wagu and the pigeon pie. And, uh, that sounds good to me. The bread service has arrived, and they said that the starter dough is 10 to 15 years old. That is so crazy to me. It's got to be some amazing bread. So, I think we're going to just dive right on in. It looks very dense. Look at that. I'm excited to try it. So, sit down. M, which is kind of like a spinach and parsley puree combination. And we finish with this. They said that this is pickle relish. Radish. Radish. Pickle radish. I'm going to give it a go. Oh, wow. I might do another one. That's good. So, let's start with the main plate. Right in front of you, you're going to find the okano scallop from Hawaii. Sir Blancha on one side to the nice golden color on top. Apart from the scallop, you're going to find the cabbage glaze. Then we have cabbage roll with some cauliflower and muzz. Looks like the first seafood is a scallop. And they said that it's cooked a little bit differently. I like that it's got a nice crust on the top. And I think I'll pair it up with everything that they gave us. A lot of I mean, I like scallops, but a lot of the other stuff I really don't like that much. Well, I don't even know if I like it cuz I don't think I've ever had it, but I'm going to do it today. So, I'm going to take just a little bit of scallop, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. There we go. Wow, that is so good. The scallop has a great texture on the the top. I could just eat it in one bite. Thank you. What do you guys think so far? Yeah, it's fancy. It's like Victoria and Albert's on here. It is. I like it a lot. And it's about a 2 and 1/2 hour experience. Oh, here comes our next cur uh course. That looks like a little pie. I think what's legustinini? It's like lobster almost. Oh yes, it looks like a baby lobster. Technically, it's a shrimp family, but really does look like a like a mini baby lobster. So, wow. We have kind of four different things. I'm going to start from bottom. It's a one ton crunchy dough. Then we have the langustine uh that we little bit cooked. It's not completely raw. Then we have kimchi salad. Kimchi is very famous in Korea. It's a lot of apple flavors. And on the top is this langustine seafon room temperature with some coral powder on top. Now what will be ideal way to enjoy to kind of cut through and one more time like a pork pizza cut. Yes. To to have all flavors at the same time as uh in your bite. Yes. Thank you. He said cut it in fours. I heard something cracking there. Yeah. That's that one ton crunchy. Oh, is that what it is? from the boat. I'm pretty sure I think this is my first time trying Legustinini. Like I've never I don't think I've ever had it before. It's like a lobster. Yes, it's shrimp and lobster combined. Shrimp and lobster combined. Legustinini. What do you think, Sean? I don't know. I mean, I don't hate it, but it's got a flavor that I've never tasted before that I don't know. Oh, is that what it is? That's what I think. Oh, yeah. I probably never have kimchi before, but it's not that bad. Like, I I don't absolutely hate it. I guess I like I I like Augustini. Now, it's time to move on to our next course. And it looks like it's the caviier or caviier. Caviier. Caviier. I said it so confidently, too. Caviier. It's not. I think I have had caviar but cav I can't stop cavi caviar caviar I trust me I know it's not hard to say that but I don't know why my brain doesn't want to process it right but I think I have had caviar before but uh this one has a potato sauce on it look at it I don't want to spill it all over the place very fancy so here we Oh, that's good. Look at that. Nice. A spoonful of caviar makes the medicine go down. You don't like it? I don't know. There's something in there. I don't know what's in there. I'm going to try this sauce. Creme fresh. Don't go to the bottom. Sauce is good. Don't go to the bottom. It's crumb. It's like cream. Like cheesy cream. Oh, that's probably why. Yeah. It's not that I don't like it. It's just there's something in there that I don't know. It's just an unfamiliar taste. I'm tasting a lot of strange things that I've never tasted before. It's a strange world. A lot of smells. Luckily, whatever I don't eat, Kristen will eat. Caviar. Of course, I just gave her the rest of my caviar. And now I can say it right. Caviar. Kristen just ate everyone's caviar. Literally, she dumped everything into that little bowl right there. I probably just have like at least $100 worth of caviar. Yes, you did. Oh, looks like the lobster business has arrived. Sorry, I get excited for the lobster. Thank you. Here we are with another signature dish of our chef. To be precise, it's creation of his father to who was the chef before. So to honor him, to pay tribute to his father, this dish is always with us. It has special meaning. It looks like there's a couple different versions of lobster on here. Didn't you say there was lobster sausage in here? Yes, sir. Wow. The top one. Oh, wait. Oh, you probably can't see it. I'll show you again. But first, I think I want to try just a little bit of the tail. Oh, yeah. There you go. This is lobster sausage. This is lobster bis. That's a lobster tail. What's that? Lobster. Lobster bis sauce. Lobster reduction. Lobster. It's all lobster. Lobster. 100 ways. There are 100 ways to eat a lobster. 100 loving ways. Why are you moving it around like that? I was trying to get it at the right angle. Cheers. Oh my god, that is delicious. That is so buttery. Yep. M. Now I'm going to try to build a lobster bite. Take some of the fresh lobster here. And then on with the sausage. I shockingly do love the lobster sauce, too. Like I didn't think I would like the sauce, but it's really good. Yeah. And I'm going to try to get it all together. Actually, you know what? I'm going to look at that. I never do that. I'm not very saucy like that. But here it is. I can't wait to try the sausage itself. Dang. This might be my favorite dish. This might be it. I just want to finish it all so quick. It's little tiny portions, but you're eating so much over time that you start to fill up quick. Oh, is this the pigeon? Oh my lord. Pigeon pie for you. Wow, I'm so excited. So, it's a puff pastry pigeon pie. This is actually last recipe that chef created with his father. So, again, it's a signature dish. Starting from the bottom, we have the spinach. Uh then we have sunray tomato followed by uh panchetta, little bit of porra, presto pigeon, and on top again spinach. On the side, we have the again pigeon sausage. Everybody ended up getting what? The turbo. Turbo. Yeah, turbo fish. But I really wanted to try this pigeon pie. And look at this. That's an actual breast of pigeon. Like, you know, you get a chicken breast, that's pigeon breast, and then it comes with some pigeon sausage. That This is This is so fun. I'm so excited. He said what you got to do is kind of like top it down and then get all of it together. So that's what we're going to do. This is the first time I'm ever eating pigeon right on the Disney Destiny and it actually looks phenomenal. Wow. Now they did specify that the pigeons are from California. Oh, he said from New York City. No, he said not Central Park. And it is very very good. It honestly doesn't taste anything different like to mew wise. It just tastes like you know like your regular poultry. And uh the crust itself is so amazing. So flaky. This is actually really really surprise surprisingly delicious. I would say it has like a gy taste to it. There's a big big chunk of the the pigeon there and it's it's cooked a little a little red. It looks like steak. It doesn't even poultry. Yeah. I don't know if you can see like the redness on there. The breast, but it looks like brownie. Yeah. Cheers. Come on, Kristen. Get in on this pigeon. Bob, you want to try it? My suggestion if I make try it all together. Yes. I love it with the crust. Just pigeon by itself. It's bit gy. So, give it a try with pork pastry. It's going to be Yeah. balance of the flavors, I would say. I was wondering how to say it. Gy is the right way. And it's tender. It tastes a little bit like lamb. And you're right. That puff pastry on the outside is really good. I like it. Yeah, it's very gy. Yeah. I would say it tastes like chicken though. No, like poultry. But that's what I was trying to say. Is Isn't lamb poultry? No, it's more like red meat as it tastes. Or maybe even pork. Like it's tork. Yeah. But it does taste like chicken. Wait, is chicken only poultry? Yeah. Oh, well, I didn't mean that. I thought like lamb and all that other stuff. Poultry, too. Wow. So, is pigeon poultry? I would think it would be cuz it has wings, right? Yeah. So, I guess it is. We could just be totally wrong and just be making stuff up about poultry, but what it tastes like is more of like red meat. So, they just dropped off this very fancy steak knife and he told us that this is $350. Isn't that insane? And it's actual silver. $350. Put it in your purse. Put money in your purse. Put it as he dropped it off at the table. I was like, "Oh my gosh, that looks so fancy." I was like, "I got to know how much something like this cost." He said, " $350 a piece." You got I can't do 350* 4. But whatever that is right now and knives. Yep. That is something special right there. I think we only have one more course to go and it's the Wagoo beef. And so far, I have to say I think I've been loving this whole experience. The lobster dish was my favorite, but I have high hopes for this Wagu. I really wanted to show you this knife in action. So, here we go. Oh my lord. Look at that. It literally cuts so easily. I'll do it again. Here it is. The Wagu beef with a $350 knife. Wow. And they said that this beef is from Idaho. Look at that. Wait, I'll show you again cuz I love this knife. Wow. Right. I don't think I've ever done that with a steak before. I didn't even go like this. I went bing and that's it. M. Oh, absolutely amazing. Yep. Amazing. This is my favorite thing. Then the lobster. I was kind of saying the last bite in my mouth. Different favorites. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. I think we all I'll come back for this. Ready? Wow. Beautiful. If you don't mind, I will just make a little bit more room here. Wait, you leave that thing here? Everything is for you. You Wow. I wasn't joking. This is a pretty That's all of it. So, this is chocolate bon bon. Dark chocolate with some coffee flavor. What? And we're going to have a little bit of lemon diamond. So, lemon mous with lime zest on sweet shortbread dough. The next one is going to be the cassiss or black currant tart. So, black currant and vanilla combination with glaze on top of it. And here is the strawberry pavlova. So, you have Swiss marine base, strawberry jam inside, bit of vanilla cream and fresh strawberry. This is the raspberry flavor of fruit rolla fruit jelly. And we're going to finish with the passion fruit and apricot on sweet crunchy dough. Uh no particular order how to enjoy just always not really. We just going to advise you to use your fingers. It's the easiest way. And the real dessert is coming as well. That I I can't believe it. That's not the real dessert. No, this is just a pre-dessert dessert. And there are six different desserts we have here. This is This is insane. I know. I don't know where to start. Should I start? Can you hand me one of those fruit rollup things? Look at this. This is literally a fruit roll up. I was thinking like I was thinking like the ones you get in your lunch box, but it's actually fruit rolled up. It's very tall. Everything is handmade like pastry things that we glazed in honey and caramel. In the middle covered with all this Egyptian viola flour, you have dry pineapple. And on the left hand side of the main plate, we have comfy con cut with more pineapple inside. Wow. And on the side, it's a classic upside down pineapple tartan. This is like an upside down pineapple cake. With a little I don't know what this ice cream. It's so sour. What's sour? Did you eat that? The sorbet. M. Overall, I got to say this was such a great experience. the desserts, the food. Honestly, I I walked in here thinking I wasn't gonna I I knew I was going to enjoy the experience, but I wasn't sure if I was going to enjoy the food as much. And I would come back and do it again. You liked it? I liked it a lot. Ashante was amazing. I just love the experience of trying a bunch of unique food I've never had before, hanging out with my friends. The service was exceptional. The chef came out and talked to us at the table. I felt so honored. And I can now officially say I've eaten pigeon. I mean, isn't that the greatest ever? But I think with that, we're going to make our way uh down to the main Grand Hall. They have one more show and it's going to be like villains and heroes and then we're going to wrap it up. Wrap it up for the destiny. There are always challenges along the way, but there are also opportunities to be inspired by great heroes. Wow. Wicked villain. No. to go the distance and find your purpose. Is it more to seek a more shortterm fulfillment. Yes. The choices we make become our story. And for others, sometimes their story isn't quite as clear. I ask you this, hero, villain, good, evil. Is it always as clear as that? There is always something in between. And that is the way. Keep everyone Get some. At the start of our journey, you chose to search for your destiny. Tell me, Jen, did you find what you were looking for? Yes. Ashlyn, did you did all of you? Of course you did. Stories help us make sense of the world and our place in it. They connect us to one another. They remind us who we are and who we are meant to be. But they don't define our destiny. Only you can do it. The destiny you search for is always within. Choose fate or forge a path and let your story begin. Friends, thank you all for inviting us to share your journey through these phases. This chapter may be coming to a close, but our story is far from over. We will meet again. For now, this is goodbye from us and some very special friends. Wa! I caught one. And with that, I think we are done here today or done with the cruise. I always get sad when the cruise ends. I feel like I don't want to get off the ship. I could stay here for probably another 5 days and there's so much to do. Literally, there is endless amounts to do. The shows, the entertainment. I don't even think we did any trivia this time. I love how every time I come on a cruise, I feel like it's a completely different experience and going to the different cruise ships like the Disney Destiny here. Uh I really love the theming and if I would have to rank them, I would probably say the Treasure was my favorite because it was my first cruise. You know, I'm going to love that. But then I would do the Treasure, the Destiny, and the Wish. Those are the only three cruises I've ever done. The Wish wasn't bad. It's just I loved all of the other things on the other ships and this was such an amazing experience and you know I say it all the time. Thank you guys so much for watching the videos. I owe it all to you. I would never be on this cruise ship if it wasn't for you. And also thank you Disney for inviting me out and just giving me an opportunity to make these videos to show you how fun a cruise can be. So I guess it's time to head home and check on little Gracie girl.
