---
video_id: fpm6VNu2OMU
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Cake Bake Shop | $26 Cake Slice, Christmas Dinner & Recycling The Magic | Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpm6VNu2OMU
---
Hey friends, tonight we are going to the Hey friends, tonight we are going to the Hey friends, tonight we are going to the Cake Bake Shop restaurant at Disney's Cake Bake Shop restaurant at Disney's Cake Bake Shop restaurant at Disney's Boardwalk Resort. And I am so excited. Boardwalk Resort. And I am so excited. Boardwalk Resort. And I am so excited. This has become one of my new favorite This has become one of my new favorite This has become one of my new favorite holiday traditions because they decorate holiday traditions because they decorate holiday traditions because they decorate the restaurant all nice for Christmas. the restaurant all nice for Christmas. the restaurant all nice for Christmas. And I want to show you around the resort And I want to show you around the resort And I want to show you around the resort and check out all the holiday and check out all the holiday and check out all the holiday festivities. But before that, I have to festivities. But before that, I have to festivities. But before that, I have to do a little Christmas shopping. And I do a little Christmas shopping. And I do a little Christmas shopping. And I figured I'd bring you along. So, we're figured I'd bring you along. So, we're figured I'd bring you along. So, we're going to eat some food, do some going to eat some food, do some going to eat some food, do some shopping, and have a cozy Boardwalk shopping, and have a cozy Boardwalk shopping, and have a cozy Boardwalk Resort kind of night. Anywh who, let's Resort kind of night. Anywh who, let's Resort kind of night. Anywh who, let's go do this. go do this. go do this. We're starting the video off with the We're starting the video off with the We're starting the video off with the greatest gift already underneath the greatest gift already underneath the greatest gift already underneath the Christmas tree. I want to take you guys Christmas tree. I want to take you guys Christmas tree. I want to take you guys shopping, like I said, and the place shopping, like I said, and the place shopping, like I said, and the place we're going to isn't on Disney property. we're going to isn't on Disney property. we're going to isn't on Disney property. So, we're going to do a little shopping So, we're going to do a little shopping So, we're going to do a little shopping first and then make our way to the first and then make our way to the first and then make our way to the boardwalk and get a little dinner and boardwalk and get a little dinner and boardwalk and get a little dinner and check out all the holiday festivities, check out all the holiday festivities, check out all the holiday festivities, but I wanted to show you guys little but I wanted to show you guys little but I wanted to show you guys little Gracie girl to start the video. I feel Gracie girl to start the video. I feel Gracie girl to start the video. I feel like that's the best way to start the like that's the best way to start the like that's the best way to start the video. Today's video is going to be all video. Today's video is going to be all video. Today's video is going to be all over the place because I'm a little busy over the place because I'm a little busy over the place because I'm a little busy this week with Christmas literally just this week with Christmas literally just this week with Christmas literally just heading back up to Pennsylvania and heading back up to Pennsylvania and heading back up to Pennsylvania and spending the holidays with my family. spending the holidays with my family. spending the holidays with my family. But I needed to do some Christmas But I needed to do some Christmas But I needed to do some Christmas shopping and the place I want to go to shopping and the place I want to go to shopping and the place I want to go to is called Recycling the Magic. And it's is called Recycling the Magic. And it's is called Recycling the Magic. And it's really, really cool in there. They have really, really cool in there. They have really, really cool in there. They have like literal Disney ride vehicles, like literal Disney ride vehicles, like literal Disney ride vehicles, props, animatronics, vintage Disney props, animatronics, vintage Disney props, animatronics, vintage Disney things, and a couple of my friends are things, and a couple of my friends are things, and a couple of my friends are big Disney fans, so it's the perfect big Disney fans, so it's the perfect big Disney fans, so it's the perfect place uh to do a little Christmas place uh to do a little Christmas place uh to do a little Christmas shopping. And then, like I said, I want shopping. And then, like I said, I want shopping. And then, like I said, I want to go to Cake Bake Shop and uh have a to go to Cake Bake Shop and uh have a to go to Cake Bake Shop and uh have a nice little Christmas dinner with some nice little Christmas dinner with some nice little Christmas dinner with some of my friends and enjoy the resort a of my friends and enjoy the resort a of my friends and enjoy the resort a little bit. So, I guess it's going to be little bit. So, I guess it's going to be little bit. So, I guess it's going to be a cozy day just roaming around doing a cozy day just roaming around doing a cozy day just roaming around doing festive holiday stuff. And here it is, festive holiday stuff. And here it is, festive holiday stuff. And here it is, Recycling the Magic. They used to be in Recycling the Magic. They used to be in Recycling the Magic. They used to be in the Lakeland Antique Mall, but they the Lakeland Antique Mall, but they the Lakeland Antique Mall, but they opened their own store right here near opened their own store right here near opened their own store right here near Winter Garden, about 20 minutes from Winter Garden, about 20 minutes from Winter Garden, about 20 minutes from Disney. And they have so many amazing Disney. And they have so many amazing Disney. And they have so many amazing Disney props and really cool pieces of Disney props and really cool pieces of Disney props and really cool pieces of Disney history. And not only can you Disney history. And not only can you Disney history. And not only can you come here and buy things, but they also come here and buy things, but they also come here and buy things, but they also do buy, sell, and trade. So if you have do buy, sell, and trade. So if you have do buy, sell, and trade. So if you have any really cool Disney collectibles, you any really cool Disney collectibles, you any really cool Disney collectibles, you can bring them on in and they'll buy can bring them on in and they'll buy can bring them on in and they'll buy them from you. Like I said, some of the them from you. Like I said, some of the them from you. Like I said, some of the things in this store belong in like a things in this store belong in like a things in this store belong in like a museum. They're real pieces of Disney museum. They're real pieces of Disney museum. They're real pieces of Disney history. ride vehicles, props from like history. ride vehicles, props from like history. ride vehicles, props from like the opening of the park, cast member the opening of the park, cast member the opening of the park, cast member costumes, and everything's for sale. You costumes, and everything's for sale. You costumes, and everything's for sale. You can just come by and visit the store. can just come by and visit the store. can just come by and visit the store. And even if you don't want to buy And even if you don't want to buy And even if you don't want to buy anything, just walking around looking at anything, just walking around looking at anything, just walking around looking at all of the pieces of Disney history is all of the pieces of Disney history is all of the pieces of Disney history is kind of like an attraction on its own. kind of like an attraction on its own. kind of like an attraction on its own. And take a look at all of these amazing And take a look at all of these amazing And take a look at all of these amazing treasures. Of course, the biggest thing treasures. Of course, the biggest thing treasures. Of course, the biggest thing in the room, or should I say the in the room, or should I say the in the room, or should I say the elephant in the room, is the Dumbo ride elephant in the room, is the Dumbo ride elephant in the room, is the Dumbo ride vehicle. And this is the first vehicle. And this is the first vehicle. And this is the first generation one, too. generation one, too. generation one, too. &gt;&gt; Anytime Monday. &gt;&gt; How cool is that? Just sitting here &gt;&gt; How cool is that? Just sitting here &gt;&gt; How cool is that? Just sitting here waiting for someone to come buy it. They waiting for someone to come buy it. They waiting for someone to come buy it. They also have a trash can from Storybook also have a trash can from Storybook also have a trash can from Storybook Circus. A lot of really cool cast member Circus. A lot of really cool cast member Circus. A lot of really cool cast member costumeuming, a lot of vintage jackets, costumeuming, a lot of vintage jackets, costumeuming, a lot of vintage jackets, and a giant Olaf right at the entrance and a giant Olaf right at the entrance and a giant Olaf right at the entrance here. My sister would like this. She here. My sister would like this. She here. My sister would like this. She loves Olaf. And like I said, all of this loves Olaf. And like I said, all of this loves Olaf. And like I said, all of this stuff is for sale and there's so many stuff is for sale and there's so many stuff is for sale and there's so many amazing rooms. You kind of got to dig amazing rooms. You kind of got to dig amazing rooms. You kind of got to dig through it. And a couple of things that through it. And a couple of things that through it. And a couple of things that caught my eye. Well, something that caught my eye. Well, something that caught my eye. Well, something that really caught my eye and I'm excited to really caught my eye and I'm excited to really caught my eye and I'm excited to maybe bring it home and add it to my maybe bring it home and add it to my maybe bring it home and add it to my collection are some of these signs over collection are some of these signs over collection are some of these signs over here. Look at this one right here. New here. Look at this one right here. New here. Look at this one right here. New magic. Magic from Walt Disney magic. Magic from Walt Disney magic. Magic from Walt Disney Imagineering. And then over in this Imagineering. And then over in this Imagineering. And then over in this corner, they actually have some props corner, they actually have some props corner, they actually have some props from the Great Movie Ride. And this is a from the Great Movie Ride. And this is a from the Great Movie Ride. And this is a first generation one, too. They used to first generation one, too. They used to first generation one, too. They used to move and sprinkle water. You have a move and sprinkle water. You have a move and sprinkle water. You have a gypsy cutout from Mr. Toad's Wild Ride gypsy cutout from Mr. Toad's Wild Ride gypsy cutout from Mr. Toad's Wild Ride over here. Like an actual cutout. Isn't over here. Like an actual cutout. Isn't over here. Like an actual cutout. Isn't this wild? I'm going to probably just this wild? I'm going to probably just this wild? I'm going to probably just dig in and start looking around trying dig in and start looking around trying dig in and start looking around trying to find things that I want to get for my to find things that I want to get for my to find things that I want to get for my friends for Christmas cuz everyone has friends for Christmas cuz everyone has friends for Christmas cuz everyone has the same interest. Like they love like the same interest. Like they love like the same interest. Like they love like certain different things. Like for certain different things. Like for certain different things. Like for Shawn, I'm thinking something Michael Shawn, I'm thinking something Michael Shawn, I'm thinking something Michael Eisnerish and Kristen. I was thinking Eisnerish and Kristen. I was thinking Eisnerish and Kristen. I was thinking maybe something food like a dining like maybe something food like a dining like maybe something food like a dining like menu or something like that. And there's menu or something like that. And there's menu or something like that. And there's definitely something here. And this is definitely something here. And this is definitely something here. And this is just the front of the store. They have a just the front of the store. They have a just the front of the store. They have a couple of different rooms that have some couple of different rooms that have some couple of different rooms that have some awesome artwork right here. You can see awesome artwork right here. You can see awesome artwork right here. You can see a lot of uh animation cells for Snow a lot of uh animation cells for Snow a lot of uh animation cells for Snow White. Look at how cool that is. Look at White. Look at how cool that is. Look at White. Look at how cool that is. Look at this. $3,140. this. $3,140. this. $3,140. You got some of the seven dwarves here. You got some of the seven dwarves here. You got some of the seven dwarves here. Snow White herself. A lot of glass cases Snow White herself. A lot of glass cases Snow White herself. A lot of glass cases in here. You know, they keep the good in here. You know, they keep the good in here. You know, they keep the good things behind the glass. Look at over things behind the glass. Look at over things behind the glass. Look at over here. some uh Splash Mountain props. here. some uh Splash Mountain props. here. some uh Splash Mountain props. Wow, look at this. You would think at Wow, look at this. You would think at Wow, look at this. You would think at first it's just a regular group of first it's just a regular group of first it's just a regular group of people going down Splash Mountain, but people going down Splash Mountain, but people going down Splash Mountain, but there's a very familiar face in there. there's a very familiar face in there. there's a very familiar face in there. Can anybody see who it is? I'll let you Can anybody see who it is? I'll let you Can anybody see who it is? I'll let you guys know. I'm not going to give you a guys know. I'm not going to give you a guys know. I'm not going to give you a guessing game. It's Leonardo DiCaprio guessing game. It's Leonardo DiCaprio guessing game. It's Leonardo DiCaprio and Merrill Street on uh Splash and Merrill Street on uh Splash and Merrill Street on uh Splash Mountain. Isn't that insane? And then Mountain. Isn't that insane? And then Mountain. Isn't that insane? And then there's another one over here that has there's another one over here that has there's another one over here that has Rosie O'Donald in it reading a magazine. Rosie O'Donald in it reading a magazine. Rosie O'Donald in it reading a magazine. That's something I think, you know, That's something I think, you know, That's something I think, you know, people probably would definitely hang on people probably would definitely hang on people probably would definitely hang on to. Look at how happy Leonardo DiCaprio to. Look at how happy Leonardo DiCaprio to. Look at how happy Leonardo DiCaprio is. Look at that face. He's got He's is. Look at that face. He's got He's is. Look at that face. He's got He's He's the king of the world. I get He's the king of the world. I get He's the king of the world. I get nervous walking around rooms that have nervous walking around rooms that have nervous walking around rooms that have very fragile, expensive things. A lot of very fragile, expensive things. A lot of very fragile, expensive things. A lot of things are breakable in here. So, I'm things are breakable in here. So, I'm things are breakable in here. So, I'm going to tread lightly. Just tread a going to tread lightly. Just tread a going to tread lightly. Just tread a little light. You got Walt himself right little light. You got Walt himself right little light. You got Walt himself right there. And like I said, it goes all the there. And like I said, it goes all the there. And like I said, it goes all the way back. Wait till I show you guys the way back. Wait till I show you guys the way back. Wait till I show you guys the back of the store. They have another back of the store. They have another back of the store. They have another room over here with some more really room over here with some more really room over here with some more really cool animation, some Disney dollars. cool animation, some Disney dollars. cool animation, some Disney dollars. Look at all this Peter Pan, Winnie the Look at all this Peter Pan, Winnie the Look at all this Peter Pan, Winnie the Pooh. You can find probably artwork or Pooh. You can find probably artwork or Pooh. You can find probably artwork or original animation from any of your original animation from any of your original animation from any of your favorite movies. Look at this Jurassic favorite movies. Look at this Jurassic favorite movies. Look at this Jurassic Park sign. Laboratory Park. And there's Park sign. Laboratory Park. And there's Park sign. Laboratory Park. And there's two of them actually. I'm not even sure two of them actually. I'm not even sure two of them actually. I'm not even sure how much these are. Usually you can just how much these are. Usually you can just how much these are. Usually you can just call it out. So if you see anything in call it out. So if you see anything in call it out. So if you see anything in here, you can reach out to Recycling the here, you can reach out to Recycling the here, you can reach out to Recycling the Magic. Oh, I like that vintage sign over Magic. Oh, I like that vintage sign over Magic. Oh, I like that vintage sign over there. Epcot Center, Magic Kingdom, MGM there. Epcot Center, Magic Kingdom, MGM there. Epcot Center, Magic Kingdom, MGM Studios. That means that was probably uh Studios. That means that was probably uh Studios. That means that was probably uh done before they built Animal Kingdom. done before they built Animal Kingdom. done before they built Animal Kingdom. Sadly, one of the attractions we lost Sadly, one of the attractions we lost Sadly, one of the attractions we lost this year, Tom Sawyer Island, they this year, Tom Sawyer Island, they this year, Tom Sawyer Island, they actually have one of the uh cast member actually have one of the uh cast member actually have one of the uh cast member costumes from it along with the costumes from it along with the costumes from it along with the paintbrush. If you found this paintbrush paintbrush. If you found this paintbrush paintbrush. If you found this paintbrush while you were exploring, you would get while you were exploring, you would get while you were exploring, you would get a free fastass. Isn't that wild? That a free fastass. Isn't that wild? That a free fastass. Isn't that wild? That was one of the coolest things. You can was one of the coolest things. You can was one of the coolest things. You can actually come and like I said, buy that. actually come and like I said, buy that. actually come and like I said, buy that. And speaking of fastpasses, look at over And speaking of fastpasses, look at over And speaking of fastpasses, look at over here. These are all fastpasses. Only a here. These are all fastpasses. Only a here. These are all fastpasses. Only a $1.95 each. Like what's this one right $1.95 each. Like what's this one right $1.95 each. Like what's this one right here? SAURIN. HOW DID I PULL OUT A here? SAURIN. HOW DID I PULL OUT A here? SAURIN. HOW DID I PULL OUT A FASTPASS FOR Saurin first? And they're FASTPASS FOR Saurin first? And they're FASTPASS FOR Saurin first? And they're almost all Yeah, they're broken down by almost all Yeah, they're broken down by almost all Yeah, they're broken down by the uh the name of the attraction. Look the uh the name of the attraction. Look the uh the name of the attraction. Look at that. Wow, that is so cool. I miss at that. Wow, that is so cool. I miss at that. Wow, that is so cool. I miss Fastpasses. I wish they would bring them Fastpasses. I wish they would bring them Fastpasses. I wish they would bring them back. I'm looking for some vintage Walt back. I'm looking for some vintage Walt back. I'm looking for some vintage Walt Disney World memorabilia to add to my Disney World memorabilia to add to my Disney World memorabilia to add to my bathroom. And speaking of bathrooms, bathroom. And speaking of bathrooms, bathroom. And speaking of bathrooms, wait till you see the bathroom in here. wait till you see the bathroom in here. wait till you see the bathroom in here. I think it's the best, you know, selling I think it's the best, you know, selling I think it's the best, you know, selling wall where they probably sell the most wall where they probably sell the most wall where they probably sell the most artwork. One of my favorite restaurants artwork. One of my favorite restaurants artwork. One of my favorite restaurants at Disney is Whispering Canyon Cafe at Disney is Whispering Canyon Cafe at Disney is Whispering Canyon Cafe because of all the crazy antics that because of all the crazy antics that because of all the crazy antics that happen inside the restaurant while happen inside the restaurant while happen inside the restaurant while you're eating. But look how cool this you're eating. But look how cool this you're eating. But look how cool this is. One of the horses that you have to is. One of the horses that you have to is. One of the horses that you have to get up and like ride around in. You can get up and like ride around in. You can get up and like ride around in. You can buy it here. They actually have it. And buy it here. They actually have it. And buy it here. They actually have it. And it's labeled Whispering Canyon Cafe. it's labeled Whispering Canyon Cafe. it's labeled Whispering Canyon Cafe. Isn't that crazy? I've never seen like Isn't that crazy? I've never seen like Isn't that crazy? I've never seen like one of these outside of Whispering one of these outside of Whispering one of these outside of Whispering Canyon Cafe. A couple of the signs that Canyon Cafe. A couple of the signs that Canyon Cafe. A couple of the signs that I think are really amazing are these I think are really amazing are these I think are really amazing are these util signs. These are down in the utils util signs. These are down in the utils util signs. These are down in the utils at Magic Kingdom and uh they're kind of at Magic Kingdom and uh they're kind of at Magic Kingdom and uh they're kind of like a directory. This uh was pointing like a directory. This uh was pointing like a directory. This uh was pointing in the direction to go to Tom Sawyer's in the direction to go to Tom Sawyer's in the direction to go to Tom Sawyer's Island. And then obviously this one in Island. And then obviously this one in Island. And then obviously this one in the back is for Liberty Square. And the back is for Liberty Square. And the back is for Liberty Square. And they're about $695 because like I said, they're about $695 because like I said, they're about $695 because like I said, when do you find signs from the utils at when do you find signs from the utils at when do you find signs from the utils at Magic Kingdom? And then a couple of Magic Kingdom? And then a couple of Magic Kingdom? And then a couple of other signs that I think are amazing. other signs that I think are amazing. other signs that I think are amazing. These ones I think are breathtaking. These ones I think are breathtaking. These ones I think are breathtaking. These are Animal Kingdom Park signs. These are Animal Kingdom Park signs. These are Animal Kingdom Park signs. Look at this. Expedition Everest. Isn't Look at this. Expedition Everest. Isn't Look at this. Expedition Everest. Isn't that amazing? $2,800 or $2,900. Well that amazing? $2,800 or $2,900. Well that amazing? $2,800 or $2,900. Well worth it. And they even have the worth it. And they even have the worth it. And they even have the Festival of the Lion King over here. I Festival of the Lion King over here. I Festival of the Lion King over here. I can like spot these signs and know that can like spot these signs and know that can like spot these signs and know that they belong in Animal Kingdom from they belong in Animal Kingdom from they belong in Animal Kingdom from anywhere. They also have a Main Street anywhere. They also have a Main Street anywhere. They also have a Main Street silhouettes this way. And then a couple silhouettes this way. And then a couple silhouettes this way. And then a couple of these other round ones down here that of these other round ones down here that of these other round ones down here that I was talking about before. I really I was talking about before. I really I was talking about before. I really like this Lights Motors Action Extreme like this Lights Motors Action Extreme like this Lights Motors Action Extreme Stunt Show. And this is from Disneyland Stunt Show. And this is from Disneyland Stunt Show. And this is from Disneyland Paris. But they also have a Saurin one Paris. But they also have a Saurin one Paris. But they also have a Saurin one that I think is so cool because it's that I think is so cool because it's that I think is so cool because it's when they brought the other Saurin here. when they brought the other Saurin here. when they brought the other Saurin here. Saurin new magic from Disneyland coming. Saurin new magic from Disneyland coming. Saurin new magic from Disneyland coming. Isn't that cool? The happy birthday Isn't that cool? The happy birthday Isn't that cool? The happy birthday Donald. And if you want some buttons all Donald. And if you want some buttons all Donald. And if you want some buttons all for a dollar. I'm afraid to stick my for a dollar. I'm afraid to stick my for a dollar. I'm afraid to stick my hand in there. I might get picked by hand in there. I might get picked by hand in there. I might get picked by something. I almost did it, too. That something. I almost did it, too. That something. I almost did it, too. That would have hurt. Wow. The back of this would have hurt. Wow. The back of this would have hurt. Wow. The back of this store has so many cool Disney store store has so many cool Disney store store has so many cool Disney store figurines. Look at Mickey up there. They figurines. Look at Mickey up there. They figurines. Look at Mickey up there. They also have Peter Pan. Some of the Lost also have Peter Pan. Some of the Lost also have Peter Pan. Some of the Lost Boys. Those are cutouts right there. I Boys. Those are cutouts right there. I Boys. Those are cutouts right there. I think that's awesome. Look at Peter Pan think that's awesome. Look at Peter Pan think that's awesome. Look at Peter Pan and a Boo there. That is so cool. And and a Boo there. That is so cool. And and a Boo there. That is so cool. And then you got Goofy over here with a then you got Goofy over here with a then you got Goofy over here with a bluebird on his shoe. A bluebird on my bluebird on his shoe. A bluebird on my bluebird on his shoe. A bluebird on my shoe. Mickey riding Bambi. And an army shoe. Mickey riding Bambi. And an army shoe. Mickey riding Bambi. And an army man next to Dopey. Oh, that's not Dopey. man next to Dopey. Oh, that's not Dopey. man next to Dopey. Oh, that's not Dopey. I think that's Bashful. And then you've I think that's Bashful. And then you've I think that's Bashful. And then you've got Belle up there. I love the Disney got Belle up there. I love the Disney got Belle up there. I love the Disney Store. I wish they bring it back. This Store. I wish they bring it back. This Store. I wish they bring it back. This is something that I think is really is something that I think is really is something that I think is really cool. Here is a green mask that the cool. Here is a green mask that the cool. Here is a green mask that the green army men wear in Toy Story Land. green army men wear in Toy Story Land. green army men wear in Toy Story Land. And the mask itself is designed after a And the mask itself is designed after a And the mask itself is designed after a famous actor cuz they put like a, you famous actor cuz they put like a, you famous actor cuz they put like a, you know, life mask on them. And you can know, life mask on them. And you can know, life mask on them. And you can kind of see what actor it is. Let me kind of see what actor it is. Let me kind of see what actor it is. Let me know in the comments if you could tell know in the comments if you could tell know in the comments if you could tell what actor's face this is. But I thought what actor's face this is. But I thought what actor's face this is. But I thought that was kind of cool. And this is like that was kind of cool. And this is like that was kind of cool. And this is like the first generation that they did it. the first generation that they did it. the first generation that they did it. It's pretty obvious if you can see it. It's pretty obvious if you can see it. It's pretty obvious if you can see it. Just give it a look. Oh, look at this. Just give it a look. Oh, look at this. Just give it a look. Oh, look at this. You guys seen my bathroom. And this is You guys seen my bathroom. And this is You guys seen my bathroom. And this is kind of what I would inspire it to be kind of what I would inspire it to be kind of what I would inspire it to be like. Look at this. All of this artwork like. Look at this. All of this artwork like. Look at this. All of this artwork in here is for sale. They actually have in here is for sale. They actually have in here is for sale. They actually have a signed contract over here by Roy a signed contract over here by Roy a signed contract over here by Roy Disney. You can just sit here do your Disney. You can just sit here do your Disney. You can just sit here do your business while looking over some business while looking over some business while looking over some business. business. business. Well, now that we got some Christmas Well, now that we got some Christmas Well, now that we got some Christmas shopping done, and I did buy a couple of shopping done, and I did buy a couple of shopping done, and I did buy a couple of items, but I don't want to show you items, but I don't want to show you items, but I don't want to show you because it might ruin the surprise to because it might ruin the surprise to because it might ruin the surprise to whoever's watching out there. Now, I whoever's watching out there. Now, I whoever's watching out there. Now, I think we're going to make our way over think we're going to make our way over think we're going to make our way over to the Boardwalk Resort. And also, I got to the Boardwalk Resort. And also, I got to the Boardwalk Resort. And also, I got to point out, I don't have a reservation to point out, I don't have a reservation to point out, I don't have a reservation for the Cake Bake Shop. I was just for the Cake Bake Shop. I was just for the Cake Bake Shop. I was just hoping to do the walk up because they hoping to do the walk up because they hoping to do the walk up because they have like a little bar area and uh you have like a little bar area and uh you have like a little bar area and uh you can get the full menu there and still can get the full menu there and still can get the full menu there and still check out the restaurant. Reservations check out the restaurant. Reservations check out the restaurant. Reservations are very hard to get for this place, are very hard to get for this place, are very hard to get for this place, especially during the holiday season. especially during the holiday season. especially during the holiday season. So, it's going to be fun to show you the So, it's going to be fun to show you the So, it's going to be fun to show you the process and hopefully we get in. I mean, process and hopefully we get in. I mean, process and hopefully we get in. I mean, I was kind of hyping this up, but you I was kind of hyping this up, but you I was kind of hyping this up, but you know, I don't care. Even if we don't get know, I don't care. Even if we don't get know, I don't care. Even if we don't get to eat at the actual restaurant, I just to eat at the actual restaurant, I just to eat at the actual restaurant, I just enjoy hanging out at the boardwalk, enjoy hanging out at the boardwalk, enjoy hanging out at the boardwalk, checking out all the festive like checking out all the festive like checking out all the festive like decorations, and I think they even have decorations, and I think they even have decorations, and I think they even have some really cool holiday snacks. So, some really cool holiday snacks. So, some really cool holiday snacks. So, it's going to be a lot of fun. And just it's going to be a lot of fun. And just it's going to be a lot of fun. And just like that, we have made it to Disney's like that, we have made it to Disney's like that, we have made it to Disney's Boardwalk Resort. I love coming here Boardwalk Resort. I love coming here Boardwalk Resort. I love coming here during the holidays. I think they have during the holidays. I think they have during the holidays. I think they have some of the best decorations. And we're some of the best decorations. And we're some of the best decorations. And we're going to meet up with some friends, hang going to meet up with some friends, hang going to meet up with some friends, hang out, go to the Cake Bake Shop, just out, go to the Cake Bake Shop, just out, go to the Cake Bake Shop, just enjoy a little festive night. Luckily, I enjoy a little festive night. Luckily, I enjoy a little festive night. Luckily, I was able to actually get a reservation was able to actually get a reservation was able to actually get a reservation for the Cake Bake Shop, but it's not for the Cake Bake Shop, but it's not for the Cake Bake Shop, but it's not till 8:00 p.m. tonight. And I got it on till 8:00 p.m. tonight. And I got it on till 8:00 p.m. tonight. And I got it on Open Table. Like they didn't have Open Table. Like they didn't have Open Table. Like they didn't have reservations through the Disney site, reservations through the Disney site, reservations through the Disney site, but they had a lot of reservations on but they had a lot of reservations on but they had a lot of reservations on Open Table, so I grabbed it. I feel a Open Table, so I grabbed it. I feel a Open Table, so I grabbed it. I feel a little comfortable. Look at how cozy little comfortable. Look at how cozy little comfortable. Look at how cozy these Christmas decorations are. And I these Christmas decorations are. And I these Christmas decorations are. And I think they have a big gingerbread think they have a big gingerbread think they have a big gingerbread display, too. Oh, I love coming to the display, too. Oh, I love coming to the display, too. Oh, I love coming to the boardwalk. Look at this. The music, the boardwalk. Look at this. The music, the boardwalk. Look at this. The music, the decorations in the lobby of the decorations in the lobby of the decorations in the lobby of the boardwalk. They have a gigantic boardwalk. They have a gigantic boardwalk. They have a gigantic gingerbread bakery. And they actually gingerbread bakery. And they actually gingerbread bakery. And they actually sell a bunch of really cool holiday sell a bunch of really cool holiday sell a bunch of really cool holiday sweet treats, including a Mickey Lindsor sweet treats, including a Mickey Lindsor sweet treats, including a Mickey Lindsor cookie. Look at that. And then they got cookie. Look at that. And then they got cookie. Look at that. And then they got a traditional Italian cookies. Some a traditional Italian cookies. Some a traditional Italian cookies. Some gluten-free ones. Mickey shaped sugar gluten-free ones. Mickey shaped sugar gluten-free ones. Mickey shaped sugar cookie, ginger snap, holiday chocolate cookie, ginger snap, holiday chocolate cookie, ginger snap, holiday chocolate bar. Wow, they actually have a lot of bar. Wow, they actually have a lot of bar. Wow, they actually have a lot of really good treats. I might have to try really good treats. I might have to try really good treats. I might have to try this Lindsor, though. Here is a look at this Lindsor, though. Here is a look at this Lindsor, though. Here is a look at the gingerbread deli. Isn't it so cool? the gingerbread deli. Isn't it so cool? the gingerbread deli. Isn't it so cool? Oh, I love how you got Mickey back there Oh, I love how you got Mickey back there Oh, I love how you got Mickey back there making some sweet treats with Minnie and making some sweet treats with Minnie and making some sweet treats with Minnie and you got Goofy in the window here. It you got Goofy in the window here. It you got Goofy in the window here. It looks really cool and it's all made out looks really cool and it's all made out looks really cool and it's all made out of gingerbread. They have all the fun of gingerbread. They have all the fun of gingerbread. They have all the fun facts for it over here. 68 gallons of facts for it over here. 68 gallons of facts for it over here. 68 gallons of orange blossom honey, 54 lb of flour, 34 orange blossom honey, 54 lb of flour, 34 orange blossom honey, 54 lb of flour, 34 bakery cast members or 24. That's crazy. bakery cast members or 24. That's crazy. bakery cast members or 24. That's crazy. Look at that. 3 lb of gingerbread spice Look at that. 3 lb of gingerbread spice Look at that. 3 lb of gingerbread spice and 2.5 lbs of eggs. and just the whole and 2.5 lbs of eggs. and just the whole and 2.5 lbs of eggs. and just the whole vibes here. Hanging out on the balcony vibes here. Hanging out on the balcony vibes here. Hanging out on the balcony here. Wait till you see how beautiful it here. Wait till you see how beautiful it here. Wait till you see how beautiful it is. We're starting to get a nice little is. We're starting to get a nice little is. We're starting to get a nice little sunset. You can see the Christmas tree sunset. You can see the Christmas tree sunset. You can see the Christmas tree in the middle there. Oh, what's going on in the middle there. Oh, what's going on in the middle there. Oh, what's going on down here? Oh, a campfire. Look at that. down here? Oh, a campfire. Look at that. down here? Oh, a campfire. Look at that. Very fancy. Well, I think I'm going to Very fancy. Well, I think I'm going to Very fancy. Well, I think I'm going to grab myself a Lindsor cookie. I know grab myself a Lindsor cookie. I know grab myself a Lindsor cookie. I know that we're going to the cake bake shop that we're going to the cake bake shop that we're going to the cake bake shop and we're going to probably get desserts and we're going to probably get desserts and we're going to probably get desserts there, but I can't pass up a Lindsor there, but I can't pass up a Lindsor there, but I can't pass up a Lindsor cookie. Look at that. And I don't think cookie. Look at that. And I don't think cookie. Look at that. And I don't think I've ever tried this one before. Now, I I've ever tried this one before. Now, I I've ever tried this one before. Now, I do have to say it was like seven, maybe do have to say it was like seven, maybe do have to say it was like seven, maybe $8 and it was prepackaged, but they $8 and it was prepackaged, but they $8 and it was prepackaged, but they actually make it in the bakery here at actually make it in the bakery here at actually make it in the bakery here at the boardwalk. Not the gingerbread, but the boardwalk. Not the gingerbread, but the boardwalk. Not the gingerbread, but the the the real bakery. So, I guess the the the real bakery. So, I guess the the the real bakery. So, I guess we'll dive on in. I don't want to break we'll dive on in. I don't want to break we'll dive on in. I don't want to break it cuz it's so pretty. But I guess maybe it cuz it's so pretty. But I guess maybe it cuz it's so pretty. But I guess maybe we'll go ears first. Oh, I wonder if we'll go ears first. Oh, I wonder if we'll go ears first. Oh, I wonder if they got jelly in uh inside the ears cuz they got jelly in uh inside the ears cuz they got jelly in uh inside the ears cuz sometimes when they make Lindsor sometimes when they make Lindsor sometimes when they make Lindsor cookies, they only put it in the middle cookies, they only put it in the middle cookies, they only put it in the middle there. We'll find out. there. We'll find out. there. We'll find out. M. It does indeed have jelly in the ears M. It does indeed have jelly in the ears M. It does indeed have jelly in the ears as well. It's a pretty good Lindsor as well. It's a pretty good Lindsor as well. It's a pretty good Lindsor cookie. A little dry. I like them very cookie. A little dry. I like them very cookie. A little dry. I like them very soft, like pillowy, but uh I'm glad I soft, like pillowy, but uh I'm glad I soft, like pillowy, but uh I'm glad I got to try it. Now, we're going to go got to try it. Now, we're going to go got to try it. Now, we're going to go walk around and explore around by the walk around and explore around by the walk around and explore around by the boardwalk. I might want to get a boardwalk. I might want to get a boardwalk. I might want to get a s'mores. Look at they got some s'mores. Look at they got some s'mores. Look at they got some marshmallows right there. Just casually marshmallows right there. Just casually marshmallows right there. Just casually walking around the boardwalk eating a walking around the boardwalk eating a walking around the boardwalk eating a Lindsor cookie. What's the best It's the Lindsor cookie. What's the best It's the Lindsor cookie. What's the best It's the best holiday thing you could do. best holiday thing you could do. best holiday thing you could do. And look at that sunset. Wow. We picked And look at that sunset. Wow. We picked And look at that sunset. Wow. We picked a really good evening to come out and a really good evening to come out and a really good evening to come out and hang out here. I can't wait for it to hang out here. I can't wait for it to hang out here. I can't wait for it to get dark. See all of the activities like get dark. See all of the activities like get dark. See all of the activities like start happening around the boardwalk. start happening around the boardwalk. start happening around the boardwalk. The lights are already on now. I like The lights are already on now. I like The lights are already on now. I like how there's so much blue in the how there's so much blue in the how there's so much blue in the Christmas lights at the boardwalk. And Christmas lights at the boardwalk. And Christmas lights at the boardwalk. And the cake bake shop is literally just uh the cake bake shop is literally just uh the cake bake shop is literally just uh at the end of this uh side where the at the end of this uh side where the at the end of this uh side where the ESPN used to be. I think it's time to ESPN used to be. I think it's time to ESPN used to be. I think it's time to head on in. And I'm not sure how much head on in. And I'm not sure how much head on in. And I'm not sure how much I'm going to show you because like I I'm going to show you because like I I'm going to show you because like I said, this isn't my first time dining said, this isn't my first time dining said, this isn't my first time dining here. I've been here many times before here. I've been here many times before here. I've been here many times before and I always get the same thing because and I always get the same thing because and I always get the same thing because I love it so much. I get the burger and I love it so much. I get the burger and I love it so much. I get the burger and then the velvet chicken soup. But I'll then the velvet chicken soup. But I'll then the velvet chicken soup. But I'll uh just give you my uh recap after we uh just give you my uh recap after we uh just give you my uh recap after we get done eating, show you some of the get done eating, show you some of the get done eating, show you some of the cool decorations. And then I was cool decorations. And then I was cool decorations. And then I was thinking since we checked out the thinking since we checked out the thinking since we checked out the gingerbread deli here at the boardwalk, gingerbread deli here at the boardwalk, gingerbread deli here at the boardwalk, maybe we'll walk over to uh Yacht and maybe we'll walk over to uh Yacht and maybe we'll walk over to uh Yacht and Beach Club cuz they have gingerbread Beach Club cuz they have gingerbread Beach Club cuz they have gingerbread things in their lobby, too. I think they things in their lobby, too. I think they things in their lobby, too. I think they actually have a gingerbread carousel. actually have a gingerbread carousel. actually have a gingerbread carousel. So, we'll do that after we eat and I'll So, we'll do that after we eat and I'll So, we'll do that after we eat and I'll let you know uh what I think about the let you know uh what I think about the let you know uh what I think about the whole Christmas experience. whole Christmas experience. whole Christmas experience. Just take a look at the outside of the Just take a look at the outside of the Just take a look at the outside of the cake bake shop. You can go to the bakery cake bake shop. You can go to the bakery cake bake shop. You can go to the bakery and get some of the cake slices along and get some of the cake slices along and get some of the cake slices along with the desserts, but you do need a with the desserts, but you do need a with the desserts, but you do need a reservation for the restaurant itself. reservation for the restaurant itself. reservation for the restaurant itself. And I can already see all the Christmas And I can already see all the Christmas And I can already see all the Christmas lights in there. And I can't wait to lights in there. And I can't wait to lights in there. And I can't wait to show you the other ones, too, cuz it show you the other ones, too, cuz it show you the other ones, too, cuz it gets very nice. It gets very pretty. gets very nice. It gets very pretty. gets very nice. It gets very pretty. Looks like our table is ready. And look Looks like our table is ready. And look Looks like our table is ready. And look at all of the Christmas decorations as at all of the Christmas decorations as at all of the Christmas decorations as we make our way into the restaurant. we make our way into the restaurant. we make our way into the restaurant. They've got some polar bears packing up They've got some polar bears packing up They've got some polar bears packing up some presents and a sleigh here. Holy some presents and a sleigh here. Holy some presents and a sleigh here. Holy moly, look at this. Isn't that so moly, look at this. Isn't that so moly, look at this. Isn't that so beautiful? And wait till I show you when beautiful? And wait till I show you when beautiful? And wait till I show you when we get in the restroom itself. It is so we get in the restroom itself. It is so we get in the restroom itself. It is so bright and so many lights. I definitely bright and so many lights. I definitely bright and so many lights. I definitely feel like I might have underdressed a feel like I might have underdressed a feel like I might have underdressed a little bit. I mean, it's very fancy. little bit. I mean, it's very fancy. little bit. I mean, it's very fancy. There's glitter on my like dinner napkin There's glitter on my like dinner napkin There's glitter on my like dinner napkin already. Well, actually, there we go. already. Well, actually, there we go. already. Well, actually, there we go. I'm just going to put a little glitter I'm just going to put a little glitter I'm just going to put a little glitter on. Put a little glitter on. Now I feel on. Put a little glitter on. Now I feel on. Put a little glitter on. Now I feel a little fancier. Oh, and they're a little fancier. Oh, and they're a little fancier. Oh, and they're playing Christmas music. playing Christmas music. playing Christmas music. Look at some of the bear animatronics Look at some of the bear animatronics Look at some of the bear animatronics they have in the restaurant. Isn't that they have in the restaurant. Isn't that they have in the restaurant. Isn't that so cozy? I would literally eat that cake so cozy? I would literally eat that cake so cozy? I would literally eat that cake right out of his hands. And then when I right out of his hands. And then when I right out of his hands. And then when I was talking about before how they have was talking about before how they have was talking about before how they have like a bar seating, these are some of like a bar seating, these are some of like a bar seating, these are some of the accommodations that you can come and the accommodations that you can come and the accommodations that you can come and join the walk up list. But because we join the walk up list. But because we join the walk up list. But because we ended up getting an actual table, uh we ended up getting an actual table, uh we ended up getting an actual table, uh we get to sit in the main dining room. And get to sit in the main dining room. And get to sit in the main dining room. And it is so beautiful in here. Look at this it is so beautiful in here. Look at this it is so beautiful in here. Look at this up here. Wow, up here. Wow, up here. Wow, what are those little drinks? Look, you what are those little drinks? Look, you what are those little drinks? Look, you can see another big Christmas display can see another big Christmas display can see another big Christmas display right in the middle here. Some more right in the middle here. Some more right in the middle here. Some more animatronics and some deer. They also animatronics and some deer. They also animatronics and some deer. They also serve breakfast here, but I'm in the serve breakfast here, but I'm in the serve breakfast here, but I'm in the mood for a little dinner tonight. And mood for a little dinner tonight. And mood for a little dinner tonight. And you can come during the day and get the you can come during the day and get the you can come during the day and get the breakfast. You'll still see all the breakfast. You'll still see all the breakfast. You'll still see all the decorations, but they won't be all like decorations, but they won't be all like decorations, but they won't be all like merry and bright. Here is a look at the merry and bright. Here is a look at the merry and bright. Here is a look at the menu. I've eaten here many of times and menu. I've eaten here many of times and menu. I've eaten here many of times and like I said, it's become a kind of a like I said, it's become a kind of a like I said, it's become a kind of a holiday tradition. The chicken velvet holiday tradition. The chicken velvet holiday tradition. The chicken velvet soup is usually Oh, I almost dropped the soup is usually Oh, I almost dropped the soup is usually Oh, I almost dropped the menu. It's a pretty heavy menu, too. But menu. It's a pretty heavy menu, too. But menu. It's a pretty heavy menu, too. But the chicken velvet soup is usually one the chicken velvet soup is usually one the chicken velvet soup is usually one of my go-tos. And then, believe it or of my go-tos. And then, believe it or of my go-tos. And then, believe it or not, they might have the best burger on not, they might have the best burger on not, they might have the best burger on Disney property. I just I don't like Disney property. I just I don't like Disney property. I just I don't like smash burgers, so this is a nice beefy, smash burgers, so this is a nice beefy, smash burgers, so this is a nice beefy, you know, a nice beefy patty. So, I you know, a nice beefy patty. So, I you know, a nice beefy patty. So, I think I'm going to get a classic burger think I'm going to get a classic burger think I'm going to get a classic burger and uh the uh chicken velvet soup. And and uh the uh chicken velvet soup. And and uh the uh chicken velvet soup. And like I said, look at where we're sitting like I said, look at where we're sitting like I said, look at where we're sitting at. You got Santa Claus in that other at. You got Santa Claus in that other at. You got Santa Claus in that other room over there. That's like someone's room over there. That's like someone's room over there. That's like someone's table there. It is so cozy in here. The table there. It is so cozy in here. The table there. It is so cozy in here. The menu is so unique because it's like a menu is so unique because it's like a menu is so unique because it's like a mixture between New Orleans and French mixture between New Orleans and French mixture between New Orleans and French cuisine. And you can get gumbo and you cuisine. And you can get gumbo and you cuisine. And you can get gumbo and you can get pobo. But like I said, I just can get pobo. But like I said, I just can get pobo. But like I said, I just love the burger. So, a little chicken love the burger. So, a little chicken love the burger. So, a little chicken soup, little chicken velvety soup, and a soup, little chicken velvety soup, and a soup, little chicken velvety soup, and a nice uh big beefy burger at the cake nice uh big beefy burger at the cake nice uh big beefy burger at the cake bake shop. And then, of course, we're bake shop. And then, of course, we're bake shop. And then, of course, we're definitely getting cake. Maybe some of definitely getting cake. Maybe some of definitely getting cake. Maybe some of the seasonal ones. Here is a look at the seasonal ones. Here is a look at the seasonal ones. Here is a look at some of the seasonal features. They have some of the seasonal features. They have some of the seasonal features. They have a coconut cake here along with a a coconut cake here along with a a coconut cake here along with a peppermint candy chocolate cake. They peppermint candy chocolate cake. They peppermint candy chocolate cake. They got snicker doodle cheesecake bar, got snicker doodle cheesecake bar, got snicker doodle cheesecake bar, Bubbles gingerbread bear, some Bubbles gingerbread bear, some Bubbles gingerbread bear, some peppermint mocha coffee, and then peppermint mocha coffee, and then peppermint mocha coffee, and then they've got some really cool cocktails. they've got some really cool cocktails. they've got some really cool cocktails. A gingerbread martini, a winter sangria. A gingerbread martini, a winter sangria. A gingerbread martini, a winter sangria. Oh, and a frosty brandy nog. I wonder if Oh, and a frosty brandy nog. I wonder if Oh, and a frosty brandy nog. I wonder if that's like one of the cool drinks that's like one of the cool drinks that's like one of the cool drinks getting served in like they look like getting served in like they look like getting served in like they look like Christmas mugs. And just like that, the Christmas mugs. And just like that, the Christmas mugs. And just like that, the chicken velvet soup has arrived. I chicken velvet soup has arrived. I chicken velvet soup has arrived. I normally don't like creambased soups, normally don't like creambased soups, normally don't like creambased soups, but this one is just exceptional. Look but this one is just exceptional. Look but this one is just exceptional. Look at this. It's like next level. And then at this. It's like next level. And then at this. It's like next level. And then the slow, slimmer chicken in there. You the slow, slimmer chicken in there. You the slow, slimmer chicken in there. You can't beat it. And it comes with a nice can't beat it. And it comes with a nice can't beat it. And it comes with a nice little piece of bread and some butter. little piece of bread and some butter. little piece of bread and some butter. That's all you need. It started to get a That's all you need. It started to get a That's all you need. It started to get a little hot in here, so I had to take off little hot in here, so I had to take off little hot in here, so I had to take off my hoodie. And I'm about to eat some hot my hoodie. And I'm about to eat some hot my hoodie. And I'm about to eat some hot soup. But the best thing I love about soup. But the best thing I love about soup. But the best thing I love about this soup is uh you can eat it with the this soup is uh you can eat it with the this soup is uh you can eat it with the spoon just like this. spoon just like this. spoon just like this. Oh, that's good soup. Or you can sip on Oh, that's good soup. Or you can sip on Oh, that's good soup. Or you can sip on it just like uh you would with a coffee it just like uh you would with a coffee it just like uh you would with a coffee cup. The table in the center actually cup. The table in the center actually cup. The table in the center actually opened up. So, I wanted to show you opened up. So, I wanted to show you opened up. So, I wanted to show you inside before somebody came and actually inside before somebody came and actually inside before somebody came and actually sat down in here. But look at how nice sat down in here. But look at how nice sat down in here. But look at how nice this is. I think it's random. Or maybe this is. I think it's random. Or maybe this is. I think it's random. Or maybe you can put in a request for it. But I you can put in a request for it. But I you can put in a request for it. But I think that is like the best seat in the think that is like the best seat in the think that is like the best seat in the house. Isn't it so fancy? house. Isn't it so fancy? house. Isn't it so fancy? This poor soup stood no chance. This poor soup stood no chance. This poor soup stood no chance. Absolutely amazing. And the bread, I Absolutely amazing. And the bread, I Absolutely amazing. And the bread, I wish I had more bread because I would wish I had more bread because I would wish I had more bread because I would literally soak up every last ounce of literally soak up every last ounce of literally soak up every last ounce of this velvety delicious soup. Velvety this velvety delicious soup. Velvety this velvety delicious soup. Velvety delicious soup. Wow, that's a big word delicious soup. Wow, that's a big word delicious soup. Wow, that's a big word for Elmo. for Elmo. for Elmo. And the food has arrived. Here is a look And the food has arrived. Here is a look And the food has arrived. Here is a look at my burger. Like I said, it's just, at my burger. Like I said, it's just, at my burger. Like I said, it's just, you know, your classic burger. My friend you know, your classic burger. My friend you know, your classic burger. My friend got the chicken picata. Look at that. got the chicken picata. Look at that. got the chicken picata. Look at that. That actually looks amazing. Oh, you get That actually looks amazing. Oh, you get That actually looks amazing. Oh, you get two chickens. Two chickens and a pile of two chickens. Two chickens and a pile of two chickens. Two chickens and a pile of pasta. I like it. I I honestly, like I pasta. I like it. I I honestly, like I pasta. I like it. I I honestly, like I said, I think the food here is said, I think the food here is said, I think the food here is incredible. So, might as well dive on incredible. So, might as well dive on incredible. So, might as well dive on in. I don't know what makes this burger in. I don't know what makes this burger in. I don't know what makes this burger so good, but I just love it. Look at so good, but I just love it. Look at so good, but I just love it. Look at that bun. They definitely char it up that bun. They definitely char it up that bun. They definitely char it up real nice there. And I'm going to add a real nice there. And I'm going to add a real nice there. And I'm going to add a couple of French fries. I always like couple of French fries. I always like couple of French fries. I always like having French fries on my burger. There having French fries on my burger. There having French fries on my burger. There we go. And the bun is nice. Look at we go. And the bun is nice. Look at we go. And the bun is nice. Look at that. That's a burger. that. That's a burger. that. That's a burger. I'm going to try a little bit of the I'm going to try a little bit of the I'm going to try a little bit of the chicken picata. Comes with a nice little chicken picata. Comes with a nice little chicken picata. Comes with a nice little lemon uh olive oil sauce and some lemon uh olive oil sauce and some lemon uh olive oil sauce and some chicken. And they give you two pieces, chicken. And they give you two pieces, chicken. And they give you two pieces, too. There we go. Got a little bit of too. There we go. Got a little bit of too. There we go. Got a little bit of everything in a bite. everything in a bite. everything in a bite. Enough of the burger business. The sweet Enough of the burger business. The sweet Enough of the burger business. The sweet treats have arrived. And I ended up treats have arrived. And I ended up treats have arrived. And I ended up getting the coconut cake slice because getting the coconut cake slice because getting the coconut cake slice because it's one of the specialties for the it's one of the specialties for the it's one of the specialties for the month. And look at how amazing this month. And look at how amazing this month. And look at how amazing this looks. So much coconut cream in there. A looks. So much coconut cream in there. A looks. So much coconut cream in there. A lot of glitter, but that's kind of what, lot of glitter, but that's kind of what, lot of glitter, but that's kind of what, you know, uh, cake bake shops thing is. you know, uh, cake bake shops thing is. you know, uh, cake bake shops thing is. And I'm excited to dive on in. I love And I'm excited to dive on in. I love And I'm excited to dive on in. I love coconut cake slices. coconut cake slices. coconut cake slices. Six layers of coconut goodness. Look at Six layers of coconut goodness. Look at Six layers of coconut goodness. Look at that. And of course, I got to try a that. And of course, I got to try a that. And of course, I got to try a little bit of with uh some of the icing. little bit of with uh some of the icing. little bit of with uh some of the icing. Got to get uh everything in one bite. Got to get uh everything in one bite. Got to get uh everything in one bite. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Even with all that glitter, it is Even with all that glitter, it is Even with all that glitter, it is delicious. It's honestly like one of the delicious. It's honestly like one of the delicious. It's honestly like one of the best coconut cakes I think I've ever best coconut cakes I think I've ever best coconut cakes I think I've ever had. Well, I loved my experience at the had. Well, I loved my experience at the had. Well, I loved my experience at the Cake Bake Shop. I know the prices are a Cake Bake Shop. I know the prices are a Cake Bake Shop. I know the prices are a little high on some things, but it's not little high on some things, but it's not little high on some things, but it's not all about the food. The experience is all about the food. The experience is all about the food. The experience is what makes it so fancy and so elegant. what makes it so fancy and so elegant. what makes it so fancy and so elegant. And I loved all of the Christmas And I loved all of the Christmas And I loved all of the Christmas decorations. Like I said, I think my decorations. Like I said, I think my decorations. Like I said, I think my favorite thing is that uh velvet chicken favorite thing is that uh velvet chicken favorite thing is that uh velvet chicken soup. chicken velvet soup is just so soup. chicken velvet soup is just so soup. chicken velvet soup is just so good. And I tried some of the chicken good. And I tried some of the chicken good. And I tried some of the chicken picata that Sean got. It's pretty picata that Sean got. It's pretty picata that Sean got. It's pretty amazing, but I don't like that like, you amazing, but I don't like that like, you amazing, but I don't like that like, you know, super buttery noodle, but uh know, super buttery noodle, but uh know, super buttery noodle, but uh everyone else said it was amazing and it everyone else said it was amazing and it everyone else said it was amazing and it was very delicious. And the coconut cake was very delicious. And the coconut cake was very delicious. And the coconut cake was so like it wasn't sweet. It was just was so like it wasn't sweet. It was just was so like it wasn't sweet. It was just like the perfect blend of coconut. And I like the perfect blend of coconut. And I like the perfect blend of coconut. And I really think maybe that might be one of really think maybe that might be one of really think maybe that might be one of my favorite cakes of all time. Now, I my favorite cakes of all time. Now, I my favorite cakes of all time. Now, I think we're just going to keep walking think we're just going to keep walking think we're just going to keep walking around. Maybe do a loop and uh go over around. Maybe do a loop and uh go over around. Maybe do a loop and uh go over and check out the Yacht Beach Club and check out the Yacht Beach Club and check out the Yacht Beach Club because they have some gingerbread because they have some gingerbread because they have some gingerbread displays and some cool decorations. And displays and some cool decorations. And displays and some cool decorations. And it's a nice night. We got to work off it's a nice night. We got to work off it's a nice night. We got to work off some of that burger and definitely the some of that burger and definitely the some of that burger and definitely the cake slice cuz that's a pretty big cake cake slice cuz that's a pretty big cake cake slice cuz that's a pretty big cake slice. It's so cozy walking around the slice. It's so cozy walking around the slice. It's so cozy walking around the Epcot Resort Loop at night. And we made Epcot Resort Loop at night. And we made Epcot Resort Loop at night. And we made our way over to Beach Club. And like I our way over to Beach Club. And like I our way over to Beach Club. And like I said, they have a lot of really cool said, they have a lot of really cool said, they have a lot of really cool decorations and I think they have a decorations and I think they have a decorations and I think they have a gigantic gingerbread carousel. Oh, look gigantic gingerbread carousel. Oh, look gigantic gingerbread carousel. Oh, look at the little walkway on the way in at the little walkway on the way in at the little walkway on the way in here. Look at this. This is cozy. All here. Look at this. This is cozy. All here. Look at this. This is cozy. All these like bright blue lights. I'm a big these like bright blue lights. I'm a big these like bright blue lights. I'm a big multicolor light guy. Everyone talks multicolor light guy. Everyone talks multicolor light guy. Everyone talks about how awesome the Magic Kingdom about how awesome the Magic Kingdom about how awesome the Magic Kingdom Montreal Resort Loop is during the Montreal Resort Loop is during the Montreal Resort Loop is during the holidays, but I feel like the Epcot holidays, but I feel like the Epcot holidays, but I feel like the Epcot Resort Loop is just as good. Even though Resort Loop is just as good. Even though Resort Loop is just as good. Even though they don't have like big, you know, they don't have like big, you know, they don't have like big, you know, gigantic Christmas trees, I love all the gigantic Christmas trees, I love all the gigantic Christmas trees, I love all the gingerbread displays. And I think even gingerbread displays. And I think even gingerbread displays. And I think even in each like lobby they have uh in each like lobby they have uh in each like lobby they have uh different like snacks other than like different like snacks other than like different like snacks other than like different snacks in the boardwalk. So different snacks in the boardwalk. So different snacks in the boardwalk. So we'll see. I mean I don't know if I can we'll see. I mean I don't know if I can we'll see. I mean I don't know if I can eat any more tonight, but I still want eat any more tonight, but I still want eat any more tonight, but I still want to look. Oh, I can smell Cape May Cafe to look. Oh, I can smell Cape May Cafe to look. Oh, I can smell Cape May Cafe from here. Look at that. This is one of from here. Look at that. This is one of from here. Look at that. This is one of the restaurants. It's uh all you care to the restaurants. It's uh all you care to the restaurants. It's uh all you care to enjoy uh seafood buffet. I've eaten enjoy uh seafood buffet. I've eaten enjoy uh seafood buffet. I've eaten there plenty of times. But here's the there plenty of times. But here's the there plenty of times. But here's the lobby itself. It's probably looking nice lobby itself. It's probably looking nice lobby itself. It's probably looking nice and decorated. Oh yeah, look at that. and decorated. Oh yeah, look at that. and decorated. Oh yeah, look at that. I love seeing the gingerbread carousel. I love seeing the gingerbread carousel. I love seeing the gingerbread carousel. That looks so cozy. Oh, and they got a That looks so cozy. Oh, and they got a That looks so cozy. Oh, and they got a lot of snacks there, too. Look at that. lot of snacks there, too. Look at that. lot of snacks there, too. Look at that. Wow. That's made of all gingerbread. A lot That's made of all gingerbread. A lot That's made of all gingerbread. A lot bigger than the deli. And I'm sure they bigger than the deli. And I'm sure they bigger than the deli. And I'm sure they have like a little fun like fact sheet. have like a little fun like fact sheet. have like a little fun like fact sheet. Oh, yeah. Over here. It's actually the Oh, yeah. Over here. It's actually the Oh, yeah. Over here. It's actually the carousel. 25 years. I didn't know it was carousel. 25 years. I didn't know it was carousel. 25 years. I didn't know it was that long, actually. and they definitely that long, actually. and they definitely that long, actually. and they definitely stepped it up every single year. It's stepped it up every single year. It's stepped it up every single year. It's cool. They've got a nice little uh note cool. They've got a nice little uh note cool. They've got a nice little uh note here that uh shows some of the cast here that uh shows some of the cast here that uh shows some of the cast members that have worked on this over members that have worked on this over members that have worked on this over the years. And they also have a lot of the years. And they also have a lot of the years. And they also have a lot of hidden Mickeys on the carousel itself, hidden Mickeys on the carousel itself, hidden Mickeys on the carousel itself, too. Oh, I like that one horse. It looks too. Oh, I like that one horse. It looks too. Oh, I like that one horse. It looks like it's got spaghetti hair. If you do like it's got spaghetti hair. If you do like it's got spaghetti hair. If you do plan on doing like the Epcot Resort loop plan on doing like the Epcot Resort loop plan on doing like the Epcot Resort loop during the holidays, I don't think you during the holidays, I don't think you during the holidays, I don't think you should go eat at the Cake Bake Shop should go eat at the Cake Bake Shop should go eat at the Cake Bake Shop because there are a lot of treats I because there are a lot of treats I because there are a lot of treats I really would love to try right now. But really would love to try right now. But really would love to try right now. But I just ate a $22 cake slice. I can't put I just ate a $22 cake slice. I can't put I just ate a $22 cake slice. I can't put a $54 gingerbread carousel on top of a $54 gingerbread carousel on top of a $54 gingerbread carousel on top of that. Wow. They have like a whole entire that. Wow. They have like a whole entire that. Wow. They have like a whole entire gingerbread setup here. Look at that. gingerbread setup here. Look at that. gingerbread setup here. Look at that. Ooh, and they have the Lindsor cookie Ooh, and they have the Lindsor cookie Ooh, and they have the Lindsor cookie that we just tried at the boardwalk. And that we just tried at the boardwalk. And that we just tried at the boardwalk. And a couple of other really cool Look at a couple of other really cool Look at a couple of other really cool Look at this. A spring carousel cookie, this. A spring carousel cookie, this. A spring carousel cookie, gingerbread macaroons, a stolen, a gingerbread macaroons, a stolen, a gingerbread macaroons, a stolen, a gingerbread shingle. That's the Lindser gingerbread shingle. That's the Lindser gingerbread shingle. That's the Lindser we got over at uh Boardwalk. I think we got over at uh Boardwalk. I think we got over at uh Boardwalk. I think they have a lot more here. Oh my lord. they have a lot more here. Oh my lord. they have a lot more here. Oh my lord. You can actually get a whole entire You can actually get a whole entire You can actually get a whole entire gingerbread carousel for $54.99. gingerbread carousel for $54.99. gingerbread carousel for $54.99. That's pretty impressive, though. I That's pretty impressive, though. I That's pretty impressive, though. I wonder how big it actually is. Wow. wonder how big it actually is. Wow. wonder how big it actually is. Wow. Actually, they have them all on display Actually, they have them all on display Actually, they have them all on display here. Here's the gingerbread carousel here. Here's the gingerbread carousel here. Here's the gingerbread carousel for $54.99. for $54.99. for $54.99. And then a little history on the stolen. And then a little history on the stolen. And then a little history on the stolen. This is what it looks like. You can This is what it looks like. You can This is what it looks like. You can actually get a whole one for $24.99 actually get a whole one for $24.99 actually get a whole one for $24.99 along with a spring gorilla carousel along with a spring gorilla carousel along with a spring gorilla carousel cookie. And these are pretty big. Look cookie. And these are pretty big. Look cookie. And these are pretty big. Look at that. I'm really shocked with all at that. I'm really shocked with all at that. I'm really shocked with all these like really festive uh treats. I these like really festive uh treats. I these like really festive uh treats. I feel like they stepped their game up feel like they stepped their game up feel like they stepped their game up here a lot. I'm pretty sure the yach here a lot. I'm pretty sure the yach here a lot. I'm pretty sure the yach club's got something in their lobby, club's got something in their lobby, club's got something in their lobby, too. So, we're going to walk over there. too. So, we're going to walk over there. too. So, we're going to walk over there. It's literally in the same hotel. It's It's literally in the same hotel. It's It's literally in the same hotel. It's like two lobbies for the price of one. like two lobbies for the price of one. like two lobbies for the price of one. And that's why I think this resort is so And that's why I think this resort is so And that's why I think this resort is so amazing. Even the pool. It's definitely amazing. Even the pool. It's definitely amazing. Even the pool. It's definitely the best pool on Disney property. Oh, the best pool on Disney property. Oh, the best pool on Disney property. Oh, wow. The yach club's got a very fancy wow. The yach club's got a very fancy wow. The yach club's got a very fancy looking Christmas tree. Look at this in looking Christmas tree. Look at this in looking Christmas tree. Look at this in here, guys. Wow. here, guys. Wow. here, guys. Wow. Oh, and they also have the uh train Oh, and they also have the uh train Oh, and they also have the uh train display. I forgot about this. This is display. I forgot about this. This is display. I forgot about this. This is pretty. And it smells like a little pine pretty. And it smells like a little pine pretty. And it smells like a little pine tree in here. Look at that. Look at the tree in here. Look at that. Look at the tree in here. Look at that. Look at the train going by. I'm glad we walked over train going by. I'm glad we walked over train going by. I'm glad we walked over here. This is really cozy looking. You here. This is really cozy looking. You here. This is really cozy looking. You guys let me know which uh resort has the guys let me know which uh resort has the guys let me know which uh resort has the coolest Christmas display. I really like coolest Christmas display. I really like coolest Christmas display. I really like this because it reminds me of like a this because it reminds me of like a this because it reminds me of like a Pennsylvania winter, but they don't sell Pennsylvania winter, but they don't sell Pennsylvania winter, but they don't sell snacks at this one. They don't have any snacks at this one. They don't have any snacks at this one. They don't have any of like the gingerbread stuff. So, uh I of like the gingerbread stuff. So, uh I of like the gingerbread stuff. So, uh I mean I guess the only other two resorts mean I guess the only other two resorts mean I guess the only other two resorts uh Boardwalk and uh Beach Club sell it. uh Boardwalk and uh Beach Club sell it. uh Boardwalk and uh Beach Club sell it. Oh, and look, some of the signs are kind Oh, and look, some of the signs are kind Oh, and look, some of the signs are kind of uh coexisting with the uh resort. of uh coexisting with the uh resort. of uh coexisting with the uh resort. Like that one back there says Yachtsman. Like that one back there says Yachtsman. Like that one back there says Yachtsman. And then this sign at the top says And then this sign at the top says And then this sign at the top says beaches and cream. I just want to get a beaches and cream. I just want to get a beaches and cream. I just want to get a look at this train going by right here. look at this train going by right here. look at this train going by right here. Something about trains just get me like Something about trains just get me like Something about trains just get me like kind of all giddy. kind of all giddy. kind of all giddy. &gt;&gt; And with that, I think we are done here &gt;&gt; And with that, I think we are done here &gt;&gt; And with that, I think we are done here today. I had a lot of fun exploring today. I had a lot of fun exploring today. I had a lot of fun exploring around the Epcot resorts. Going for a around the Epcot resorts. Going for a around the Epcot resorts. Going for a nice little walk after eating at the nice little walk after eating at the nice little walk after eating at the Cake Bake Shop wasn't a bad idea, but Cake Bake Shop wasn't a bad idea, but Cake Bake Shop wasn't a bad idea, but I'll tell you, the walk back, oh, I felt I'll tell you, the walk back, oh, I felt I'll tell you, the walk back, oh, I felt that. And I love all of the decorations. that. And I love all of the decorations. that. And I love all of the decorations. Like I think my favorite is the Like I think my favorite is the Like I think my favorite is the Boardwalk Deli because it's like very Boardwalk Deli because it's like very Boardwalk Deli because it's like very cool and it has a lot to do with the cool and it has a lot to do with the cool and it has a lot to do with the resort itself and they sell a bunch of resort itself and they sell a bunch of resort itself and they sell a bunch of little treats. So it was a lot of fun to little treats. So it was a lot of fun to little treats. So it was a lot of fun to show you guys around. Now I got to start show you guys around. Now I got to start show you guys around. Now I got to start packing up and getting ready to head packing up and getting ready to head packing up and getting ready to head back up to Pennsylvania. I'm a little back up to Pennsylvania. I'm a little back up to Pennsylvania. I'm a little nervous because like I said, it's super nervous because like I said, it's super nervous because like I said, it's super cold there, but I'm happy to uh be able cold there, but I'm happy to uh be able cold there, but I'm happy to uh be able to spend Christmas with my, you know, to spend Christmas with my, you know, to spend Christmas with my, you know, mom Bonnie and Ariel and the rest of my mom Bonnie and Ariel and the rest of my mom Bonnie and Ariel and the rest of my family. It's going to be really cozy to family. It's going to be really cozy to family. It's going to be really cozy to be back there again. I'm a little sad be back there again. I'm a little sad be back there again. I'm a little sad though because most of the restaurants though because most of the restaurants though because most of the restaurants that I always like to eat at, you know that I always like to eat at, you know that I always like to eat at, you know how if you go back home, there's always how if you go back home, there's always how if you go back home, there's always a couple of restaurants that you like a couple of restaurants that you like a couple of restaurants that you like you always crave, but it's all going to you always crave, but it's all going to you always crave, but it's all going to be closed because I'm going to be there be closed because I'm going to be there be closed because I'm going to be there just just a couple of days and those just just a couple of days and those just just a couple of days and those days are going to be like Christmas Eve days are going to be like Christmas Eve days are going to be like Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. So, a lot of places and Christmas Day. So, a lot of places and Christmas Day. So, a lot of places don't stay open, you know. Uh, and I was don't stay open, you know. Uh, and I was don't stay open, you know. Uh, and I was thinking about making a video. I thought thinking about making a video. I thought thinking about making a video. I thought about maybe going to Hershey Park about maybe going to Hershey Park about maybe going to Hershey Park because they have a beautiful light because they have a beautiful light because they have a beautiful light display or you know just check out some display or you know just check out some display or you know just check out some stuff around town. Naok Park has some stuff around town. Naok Park has some stuff around town. Naok Park has some really good stuff. Just hang out with my really good stuff. Just hang out with my really good stuff. Just hang out with my family. I don't know. This might be my family. I don't know. This might be my family. I don't know. This might be my last video for uh I guess until the last video for uh I guess until the last video for uh I guess until the holiday season ends. Oh man, I don't holiday season ends. Oh man, I don't holiday season ends. Oh man, I don't know if it might be my last video until know if it might be my last video until know if it might be my last video until uh have one more kind of really cool uh have one more kind of really cool uh have one more kind of really cool thing I wanted to put together for you thing I wanted to put together for you thing I wanted to put together for you guys before the end of the year. But guys before the end of the year. But guys before the end of the year. But it's been an amazing year and I've got it's been an amazing year and I've got it's been an amazing year and I've got to do a lot of really good things and to do a lot of really good things and to do a lot of really good things and make a lot of amazing memories and I'm make a lot of amazing memories and I'm make a lot of amazing memories and I'm excited for 2026. You know, that's going excited for 2026. You know, that's going excited for 2026. You know, that's going to be I think it's going to be on a to be I think it's going to be on a to be I think it's going to be on a whole new level. Uh so, it's been an whole new level. Uh so, it's been an whole new level. Uh so, it's been an absolute pleasure, you know, just absolute pleasure, you know, just absolute pleasure, you know, just hanging out and making videos with you hanging out and making videos with you hanging out and making videos with you guys. I'm sorry this video was a little guys. I'm sorry this video was a little guys. I'm sorry this video was a little bit different. Uh like I said, kind of bit different. Uh like I said, kind of bit different. Uh like I said, kind of have a lot of things going on, have a lot of things going on, have a lot of things going on, especially with packing and getting especially with packing and getting especially with packing and getting Christmas presents and yeah, you know, Christmas presents and yeah, you know, Christmas presents and yeah, you know, the holiday season. and it's very busy the holiday season. and it's very busy the holiday season. and it's very busy busy buzzy buzzy busy busy buzzy buzzy. busy buzzy buzzy busy busy buzzy buzzy. busy buzzy buzzy busy busy buzzy buzzy. Anyh who, I'm just I'll keep talking. Anyh who, I'm just I'll keep talking. Anyh who, I'm just I'll keep talking. But I hope you guys enjoyed the video But I hope you guys enjoyed the video But I hope you guys enjoyed the video and uh I wish you all a very merry and uh I wish you all a very merry and uh I wish you all a very merry Christmas, happy holidays, happy new Christmas, happy holidays, happy new Christmas, happy holidays, happy new year and thank you as always for being year and thank you as always for being year and thank you as always for being here watching and giving me the here watching and giving me the here watching and giving me the opportunity to make the fun, you know, opportunity to make the fun, you know, opportunity to make the fun, you know, videos to share with all of you. So I videos to share with all of you. So I videos to share with all of you. So I guess uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
