---
video_id: addZPKGwSbs
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "EPCOT Food & Wine Festival 2025 | Full Review & Guide | The BEST Food & Desserts | Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-09-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=addZPKGwSbs
---
Hey friends, today we are going to the Epcot International Food and Wine Festival and I am so excited. I want to take you around World Showcase and show you everything the festival has to offer, try some of the new dishes along with some food and wine classics and share all of my experiences with you. So, we're going to eat some food, drink some wine, and have a beautiful Epcot International Food and Wine Festival kind of day. Anywho, let's go do this. It's actually such an amazing day out today. Temperatures are in the mid70s and it kind of feels like fall in Florida. And I'm excited to take you around World Showcase and show you some of my favorite food and beverage offerings along with all of the other festivities the Epcot International Food and Wine Festival has going on this year. If some of you guys didn't know, this isn't my first time coming to the Food and Wine Festival this year. I came on opening day and I had the honor of filming with Disney themselves and I had such an incredible experience. They even posted a YouTube video on their Disney parks channel and we'll talk about that later on. It was such an amazing experience and I owe it all to you guys. But today, we're going to focus on some of the food I didn't try on opening day along with a lot of the other festival festivities and just have a beautiful Epcot day. To start the day, I picked up a handy dandy food and wine festival passport. And this has everything you need to know inside of it. The festival starts August 28th and it goes till November 22nd. And it has all of the menus and global marketplaces in here along with a meals from maj montage which is a fun little game or activity where you go around and collect stamps and if you collect five stamps you get a special festival treat and it's a lot of fun and I kind of have an idea of some of the things I want to eat. You know there's a lot of food this year. I honestly feel like the food and wine festival gets bigger and bigger every single year. This year we have 35 global marketplaces or food booths and over 200 different menu items. 60 of them being brand new for this year. And I have a feeling we're going to be trying lots today along with some wine. I want to have a little wine with my food and wine festival. Since we just walked in the park, I figured we'd start by hitting some of the booths near the entrance. And we have Earth Eats right next to the land in Figman. And they actually have some pretty good menu items. A red wine brazed beef short rib along with a lemon poppy seedcake. That lemon poppy seed cake looks amazing. And then we're going to make our way into World Showcase. Most of the boots are actually in World Showcase, but there's a lot of them on the outside. Like I said, we're right here. So, I figured we just go along here and then make our way all the way around. First stop of the day. And we got two things from Earth Eats. I got the lemon poppy seed cake. Look at how delicious this looks. It doesn't look like a cake though. It looks more like a donut. And the icing looks incredible. And then I got the short rib. Look at how much you get with this short rib dish. And that's a big hunk of meat in there. I think we'll start with the short rib first. I got a fork in my hat, so I'm ready to go. And I'm going to get a little bit of everything in one bite cuz I want to try everything all together. It's more than just short rib. It's got a bunch of different things inside there. Look at this. Oh, that is some tender short rib there. So, cheers. Cheers to Food and Wine Festival. The short rib is incredible. The beef is nice and flavorful, and it literally just falls apart. And I like the sauce, too. It's a great combination. Very good job, Earth Eats. I think I like it a lot. Enough of the short rib business. Let's get to the lemon poppy seed cake. And I was gonna use a knife, but I think I'm gonna pick it right up because I want to see if it's a donut underneath it. Oh, look. It is a donut. You can see the hole there. Either way, like I said, I love lemon poppy seed, so I'm sure it's going to be delicious. So, cheers. Cheers to the lemon poppy seed donut or cake. Wow. I'm starting to think it's more like a bun cake, but it is amazing. The icing is my favorite part. The cake itself has a nice little consistency to it. It's not too crummy, but still very firm. And I'm happy with all of the food from Earth Eats. This was a great way to start the day. A little lemon poppy seed and a short rib. What a combo. I'll make sure to let you guys know at the end of the video which food I think is my favorite. If I'd had to pick between the short rib and the lemon poppy sea cake here at Earth Eats, I think I'd go with the poppy seed cake again. It is so good. The icing kind of reminds me of toaster strudel icing. You know, that's the good stuff. Now, I think it's time we start making our way right on into World Showcase. And the first uh marketplace I see is the Bramblewood Bites. And they have a grilled cider brine pork tenderloin, a cast iron seared river trout, and cast iron roasted Brussels sprouts and root vegetables. I love Brussels sprouts. So, I think I'm going to get a little pork tenderloin and a little Brussels sprouts. And here is a look at the grilled cider brine pork tenderloin. Look at how beautiful that is, too. And it comes with a little apples slaw. I don't think I've ever had apples sllo before. But on top of that, I had to get the Brussels sprouts. And the Brussels sprouts actually have like a pumpkin seed vinegarette on it. Oo, I almost dropped one of my root vegetables. So, I think we'll dive on in. I think I'm going to go Brussels sprouts first. Grab some root vegetables along with the Brussels themselves. Oh, yeah. Look at that. And I can't wait to taste the uh pumpkin seed vinegarette. M. The Brussels sprouts are incredible. I really don't taste the pumpkin seed vinegarette on there. I think it's just a little too Brussley for my Brussels sprouts, but I like it a lot. And I think I've had it before because I remember loving how amazing these are. So, this might be one return classic from Food and Wine. A lot of the food we tried today, like I said, it's going to be a big mixture of some new and some of uh the classics. But now, let's get to the pork tenderloin. And they're actually cooking this up right outside. They have a grill right behind the kiosk. And it looks like they're cooking it with some tenderloving care. You only get like two pieces of the tenderloin itself. But you can see the cider just soaking into the meat there. It looks so good. So, cheers. Cheers to pork tenderloin. This might be a frontr runner for one of my favorite things at this year's festival. It's like a mouthful of cider juices when you bite into it. And it literally dissolves right in your mouth. The flavor, the consistency. This was so delicious. And I didn't even know it was on the menu until I just looked. So, I'm happy we stopped here because I got something. I think uh I think it might be up there. It might be in my top three. I'm definitely going to finish this last piece of pork tenderloin. So, maybe the next stop, maybe we'll switch up to a beverage so I could take a little break from the food. I don't want to get too full too fast. We still got a long way to go, but absolutely amazing. Very good job, Pork Tenderloin. I love all the decorations they put around this area. Look at you got some corn, carrots, and potato over there. And then you've got pumpkins over here. And this is another booth. It's called Forest and Field. It actually smells like pumpkins over here. Some radishes right there. All of these are, like I said, before you actually make it into World Showcase. I don't know what they got on the menu over here, but uh maybe we'll check it out and uh get something. Here is a look at the menu. I was going to get a drink until I saw they have an impossible autumn chili bread bowl. Like a whole entire bread bowl filled with chili. And then they got the pumpkin mascapone ravioli. And then a uh skaka skaka sandwich. I'm sorry I don't read well. But it all looks amazing. I think I might get that chili though. You can't pass it up. Autumn chili. That just sounds so cozy. I was not expecting this bread bowl to be this big. Holy moly. Look at this. It is gigantic. What a value. Look at the undercarriage there. And the chili looks pretty good. It's impossible chili. I had to get this. And it's such a good value for the amount of money you pay for it. So, I think we'll dive in. A little autumn chili here. I get a little bit of everything in one bite. Look at that. That's some good looking chili there. So, cheers. Cheers to autumn. I'm a little shocked on how delicious this actually is. And the chili isn't like really runny. It's actually got a really nice texture to it. A little bit spicy, but not too spicy. But I definitely got to try the bread. I like how they give you the top, too. And they put a lot of chili in there. I might just seal it up and save it for later. Oh, I crushed my sour cream. I said I was only going to get a drink at the next stand. But you guys see why I couldn't pass this up. I wonder if I can break it apart. Oh. Oh, wow. Look at that. Now we get to try a little bit of the bread at the bottom there. Oh, I love a nice little fresh baked bread bowl. Tastes like a sloppy joe. Here is a much better look at the chili inside the bread bowl. And like I said, it's not very runny. Kind of looks like a sloppy joe, too, but I would highly suggest this just because of the portion size. And if you're a big fan of chili, you're going to love it. I keep looking down at my shirt to make sure I didn't get any chili spilt on it. And I love my shirt. This is uh me and Gracie eating and drinking around the world. I love all the shirts with Gracie on it, and I'm happy that I got to wear it to the Food and Wine Festival. If you guys want to buy any of the shirts I wear in my videos, including my own shirts, I have a discount code in the description at Roosevelts, where you get 15% off your first purchase. And now, I think we're going to keep moving along, make our way into World Showcase, and start doing our lap. The first marketplace once you walk into World Showcase to the right is Canada. And I normally get the filt here, but like I said, I don't want to fill up too quick. We just had some of that bread bowl there. But they also have the cheddar and bacon soup. I just wanted to show you the menu a little bit. We're going to skip over this one and just move along. And I'm excited cuz there's a lot more that we can get to and a lot more desserts. But I think I need a nice ice cold beverage. nice delicious beverage. Like I mentioned, I think we're going to skip over Canada and just make our way to one of the boots that we haven't tried yet. Maybe Belgium. I think that's the next one in order. And there's a lot of food and a lot of boots like I mentioned. So, there's going to be a lot more probably food and wine videos from me. And then I want to take a little break, maybe get on a ride or watch a show or the Eat to the Bee concert series. They have some amazing concerts happening for this year's festival. New Found Glory is actually playing here at Epcot along with some other ones, the Beach Boys. So maybe we'll see who's playing and sit down and watch the show. And the weather out today is beautiful. I'm having a great time just strolling around World Showcase. And we have a long ways to go. Like it's kind of crazy how big World Showcase is. We only skipped over two countries. So, we got France, Morocco, Japan, America, Italy, Germany, China, Norway, and then Mexico. And then the other booths are on the other side, kind of near test track. They have the fry one there. I definitely do like me some French fries. One thing I love about the Belgium booth is they've got some good waffles and some good beer. Nothing goes better than beer and waffles. And here it is, Belgium. This was introduced to the Food and Wine Festival back in 2010. And they've always been serving up these amazing waffles. I always like to get the berry combo one with whipped cream, but look at the beer that they got here. Some awesome Belgium beer. And you can get a beer flight where you can try all of them. So, we're getting some beer and waffles. And here it is. We've got the berries and cream waffle. Berries and cream. Berries and cream. This is a definite food and wine classic. Like I said, I get it every single year. And then we've got the beer flight. And I love how they give you these little handy dandy carriers along with the card to let you know what each beer is. But I don't know what order they go in. You know what I mean? It tells you here. Well, this one is a truffle ale and then a wheat ale and then a cherry red ale. So, I'm guessing that maybe this is the cherry red ale. So, that means it goes from that side to the other. So, might as well dive on in. I guess we'll go with the waffle first. Just look at how delicious this waffle is. And I love the berry combo on there. Get a nice big scoop with all the whipped cream and the berries on there. That's the way. Wait a second. I didn't get any waffle on that. There we go. That's a lot better of a bite. And look at that. It's got all of the berry juices running into waffles. I wanted to eat this first because no one's got time for soggy waffles. So, cheers. Cheers to waffles and beer. Oh, I love this dish because it reminds me of when I was young and we used to go to Big Boys and we used to get waffles with strawberries and cream and it was so delicious. A must every time I come to Food and Wine. So, now I think uh we'll try some of the beer and then we'll do a little combo bite. a little beer and waffle together. Like I mentioned, I'm not sure which order these go in. We'll find out after the first one because the last one says the cherry red ale. So, when I taste it, if it doesn't taste like cherries, then I know it's the other one. And they both kind of look like they're red and cherry. Look at like I can't tell. I feel like this is the cherry one. So, we're starting here. [Music] Oh yeah, that's the cherry one. Very delicious, very fruity, but it's not like a a sour. It's very, very good. I like this. I guess it's just a process of elimination. So, if that one was the cherry, then the next one's the weed ale and then the dark triple ale. Drake or dark? I don't know how to pronounce that word. What do you guys think? I'm double fisting it now. So, we got the weed ale here. Oh, I don't know if I like that one. And then we got the other ale. Oh, I like this one better than this one. That gave me the goosebumps there. Very delicious. But the cherry one was the best. Now I want to try a little waffle and a little uh beer combo bite here. Oh boy, my waffle stuck together. I'm shaking it. I'm shaking it off. There we go. I should have had a knife in my hat. There we go. M overall, what a great stop in Belgium, though. And I really do love these waffles. I think this is my favorite thing from that booth itself. I think they have a chocolate one, too. But I'm all berries and cream. Team berries and cream. But we got to keep moving along. Lots more of the marketplaces and boots to hit and a lot more food to eat. So, cheers. Oh, that was the one I didn't like. I mean, it's not like a bad beer. It's just a strong beer. I'm more of a light beer. I like them light. Now, we have made it up to Japan. And they've got some good food on the menu this year. A teriyak chicken bun. And then they've got some crispy fried pollic. And then the beef wagoo don. Look at this. Traditional Japanese rice bowl with American Wagu beef blend. I think I might try that. the beef waguan and the teriyaki chicken bun cuz I've had that before and it's usually pretty tasty. I ended up getting the chicken teriyak bun and it came in a little tiny wrapper. Isn't that cool? And then here is the beef Wagu don. Look at this. Some Wagu beef, some white rice. All looking really good. I've got some chopsticks. Maybe we'll dive into the bun first, though. So, let's uh open it up a little bit because I want to show you guys what it looks like on the inside. I'm going to split the bun. Look at that. Oh, wow. It's actually filled pretty well. There's a lot of chicken teriyak in there. So, cheers. Cheers to chicken teriyak in Japan. The chicken teriyak bun is delicious. The chicken inside is perfectly seasoned and you get a good amount. Like the ratio of bun to meat is like on point and I'm happy that we tried it. This is another one that's like I think is returning from last year. I think the uh beef wagoo don is new, but I've had this before in the past. I just wanted to show you cuz I always enjoy eating it. Now it's time for the beef wagon. And this actually looks like it's a good portion. Lots of rice in there. Lots of the beef. So going to get a nice big scoop in here. I should have grabbed a fork or a spoon with this cuz it's kind of like ground beef rau. So, it's hard to actually pick up with the chopsticks themselves, but I think I got a little bit there. Let's go diving on in. Ooh, I like this a lot. I might have to scoop it. This is definitely interesting. The wagoo, like I said, it's really ground up and it's like a rice bowl, but very miniature-awwise. It's hard to eat with those chopsticks. I mean, I'm not good at using chopsticks anyway, but I managed and I did a little scooping and it was delicious. I like the beef itself. Lots of flavor and the rice is per uh perfectly cooked and I like it. I think Japan is uh got some good stuff happening there. Now, maybe I'll try them together. Take a little bit of the bun, add some rice and beef to it. There we go. I don't know what the frizzy things that are on top, but uh I'm probably going to have them these little things. See, it's kind of like red strings. I don't know if you can see it right there. I don't know what those are, but I like them. So, cheers. The more I chew on this, I actually love it a lot. Especially that bun. If I would have to pick, I probably would go with the bun over the beef Wagu Dawn. Only because it's really hard to eat with that like, you know, chopped up uh Wagu beef in there. And it kind of doesn't like mix all the way down to the bottom. So, at the end, you're going to end up with just a bunch of white rice cuz the beef is all going to get used up. But, I'm glad we stopped in Japan. And now, I'm going to finish up my uh teriyak bun. I love the Japan pavilion. And the food was amazing. But I did notice something new that I've never seen before. They actually have a section of gashupon, which is like one of those vending machines where you put a quarter and you turn it and you get a ball with a prize in it. And I think that's so cool. I've never seen this before, so I kind of want to show you. Take a look at how cool this is. And they have so many to choose from. In Japan, you'll find these all over the place in random alleys on the side of streets. Look at this whale one. I kind of want to get a whale. And it's not done with coins. They actually have like a credit card machine here. So, I'm not too sure how expensive they are. Oh, touch the start. There we go. Oh my lord. The whale is $12. $12, $15. It looks like the cheapest one is $9. I wonder what you get. I mean, I kind of love that. So real. Look at Maybe I should get one just so I can show you guys. They also have Jojo's Bizaarre Adventure. Originally, I thought this was Indiana Jones, but it's Jojo's and a lot of other good ones. And it goes all the way around. So, I think we're going to get a capsule. We're going to do it. All right. I paid $12.99 for this whale. So, here we go. Oh, I can't wait to show you guys. I can't wait to see what it's like. That was not easy to open, but I finally figured it out. So, let's see what $12.99 gets us. Here is our whale. Oh, we got to build it. Actually comes in two separate pieces. I'm going to put it together real quick. It kind of reminds me of like a Happy Meal toy, but $12.99 and no Happy Meal with it. So, I'm going to put my whale together. Ah, there it is. Majestic looking. $12.99 for this whale and I'm happy I got it. I just wanted to show you. I shall cherish it forever. I'm going to put it in my pocket now. Oh, I got a whale in my pocket. But now we have made our way to America. And here is the E to the beat concert series lineup. And look at some of these concerts they're having here at Epcot. They got Starship featuring Mickey Thomas. They've got Tiffany. They've got Audio Exchange. Toby Mack, New Found Glory. Look at that. That's what I was talking about. October 5th and 6th, The Frey, Hansen, Smashmouth. So many awesome shows. Boys to Men, Jordan Sparks, Bowling for Soup, The Beach Boys. That's later on in November. And I was going to get something to eat, but we already ate at the American booth. Instead, I wanted to show you the funnel cake that they actually have here. Every festival they have a special funnel cake at the funnel cake stand. And this year's one looks kind of incredible. It's like a huckleberry funnel cake. Look at this picture in the window. I think I'm going to get it. A huckleberry funnel cake. Funnel cake with huckleberry ice cream, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, blackberry brandy glaze, and powdered sugar. For $12, I can go for a funnel. I am so happy we stopped and grabbed this funnel cake. This looks incredible. Look at that. Look at all of the blackberry drizzle, the huckleberry ice cream. This is a winner right here. And it's a big portion, too. And they make it fresh right inside that little hut there. So, we got to eat it now before it melts. I don't think I've ever seen a funnel cake I've been more excited to try. Literally, look at this thing. And they make it fresh, like I said, right in the back there. So, you know it's going to be delicious. And they didn't have any knives, so they gave me two forks. So, I think we're just going to fork it. I'll figure it out some way. Maybe I'll just pull and then like hold it down a little bit. Oh, wow. And like I said, the fact that it's fresh, it's probably easy to actually separate from all of the other ingredients. Oh yeah. Look at this. We're going to build a bite. We're going to build a bite. Get some of that whipped cream on there with some of that huckleberry ice cream. That's a funnel cake right there. Cheers. Oh, much too good. When I first saw it, I was like, I don't even know if I like huckleberry. But I actually do like huckleberry. I like this whole entire funnel cake. I feel like the next time I come here for the festival, I got to make it a point to try all of these funnel cakes cuz they switch it up every single year. And this did not disappoint. I am starting to get full though. And this is a lot of funnel cake to take in. like a lot. And you got to eat it fast, like I said, cuz it melts very, very quickly in this Florida sun. So, I'm not holding back here, but this might put me over the edge here. I still want to try some more food. So, I might have to take a little break, digest a little bit. I'm going to be here probably all day. So, we got plenty of time. Plenty of time for funnel cakes. As I was enjoying my huckleberry funnel cake, I started to hear music from the American Gardens Theater and it looks like uh Foreigners Journey is actually playing here tonight. I think this is a cover band of like Foreigner and Journey. Uh and I think that's awesome. But I think they're just rehearsing right now. The show doesn't start for like an hour or two. Look at them. They're setting up. This is such a cool thing to do. Oh, I hoard a cord. Oh, I hoard a cord. I can't believe I just said that out loud. [Music] [Music] Wow, I got my own private concert. [Music] A nice little music break, but we got to keep moving along. I think we got some storm clouds in the area, and it might start raining literally at any second. Now, we have made it to Italy. And here is a look at the menu. They've got uh kisses the pizza, traditional Napolei street food, pizza dough, pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato sauce along with a tortillini elva and a chocolate spuma. Look at that. I might want to get the pizza, though. This actually looks really good. Well, it's not pizza. It's a little kisses. And I kind of like the name of it. I've never heard of it, so might as well try it. And it's $8.75. Not too shabby. I ended up getting the kiss. And it's kind of like a garlic knot, but made as a pizza. And then I got the uh dessert because it comes with espresso whipped cream on it. So, we got a little bit of everything from the Italy booth. And I love sitting here listening to music, just dancing, taking it all in. We got some wind. I'm loving life right now, so might as well dive on in. I'm not even too sure how to eat this. I think I'm just going to pick it up. I mean, there's some marinara sauce in the bottom there, but I'm just going to pick it up and take a bite. A lot of people talk about the Italy booth and how it's so expensive, but I'll tell you what, I would get this again hands down. Look at the pepperoni in there. Lots of sauce. Very delicious. And I think this could be a front runner for one of my favorite items of the festival. I know, shocking, right? From the Italy booth. Who would have known? And the dough is just so amazing. Look at that. Just scoop it all up. I had to stop using my fork cuz I'm going to use it for the chocolate dessert. I don't want that tasting like pizza sauce. Enough of the pizza business though. Let's get to this chocolate spoon. And like I said, the thing that made me want to buy it is that whipped cream. Espresso whipped cream. You don't get a lot in there. It's like a one or two biter there, but I'm sure I'm going to enjoy it anyway. It's starting to get a little windy out, so I decided to sit down and eat my spuma. I don't even know if that's how you say it. Spauma. Spumami. Spumami. Either way, let's dive in. Oh, that is good. I'm going back in. You know what's good? When you go for the double bite. So good. But now all the whipped cream's gone. There's like literally one little dollop on top. Either way, the chocolate very rich. You got some caramel in there. And the espresso whipped cream. Fantastic. Italy booth did really well this year. I like it. Uh-oh, I dropped some spuma on my shirt. Look at how wonky this Florida weather is, though. It looks nice and beautiful over that way. And then right behind us, you can start seeing the storm clouds roll in. You can actually see it raining. So, we're walking into the rain here. But there's not many boots that I want to do on this side. So, I think we'll make a quick jump back to the front of the park. Back to the front. Now, we have made it back to the front of the park where we started. And before we leave World Showcase, there's one more booth that I actually want to stop to, and that's Hawaii. It's literally right as you walk in the main way, and it's to the right, so I missed it as I was walking in. And I got to get the pulled pork. I always like to get the pulled pork with the chutney at the Hawaii stand in uh Epcot here. So, last stop. Here it is. the slow roasted pork slider with sweet and sour chutney featuring dole pineapple and spicy mayonnaise. And then they also have a Hawaiian rice bowl, a pineapple cheesecake, and then a couple of other really good uh drink offerings like the Oha Sunrise vodka do pineapple juice and grenadine. But I think we're just going to stick to the pork slider like we're used to. And here it is, the pulled pork slider. Look at that beautiful chutney on top. And it's served on like a Hawaiian roll. Oh man, I love this. This is another festival favorite that I probably get every single year. And it might be the last one for today because I'm starting to feel the rain droplets. It's uh definitely raining now and I think it's going to get a lot worse. So, we timed it just uh perfect that we're in the front of the park. But first, I want to enjoy this nice little slider. Look at that. Oh man, there's so much pulled pork in there. I got it without the spicy mayonnaise cuz I don't like mayonnaise like that. But uh might as well dive on in. Cheers. Absolutely amazing like always. And I love that you get so much pork on there. And it's really affordable for the price. Look at like usually when you get a slider, I hate to say it, but they're a little skimpy on the meat and the the bread is kind of more overpowering. But the pork is literally just falling out of this. I even got pork in the bottom of the little shell here. And I'm happy that we got to try this as our last stop of the day. Oh yeah, I feel the rain and I can hear the thunder rolling there. So, we don't have much time at all. We might have to finish this video when we get home cuz I want to, you know, break down the festival and tell you some of the things I like the most and talk about my time filming with Disney. So, one last bite. One last bite. But like I said, there are so many new items and so many menu items at this year's Food and Wine Festival. It would be impossible to cover them all in one video. So, I'll definitely be back. I feel like we got a lot done today. So, uh cheers. And uh on our way home. Got to go see little Gracie girl. Before we leave though, I wanted to show you guys some of the food and wine merchandise. They've got a passholder exclusive coffee mug. Look at this. I don't know what's the uh the fruit on the front there. Oh, it's a hidden Mickey though. You guys see that? That's kind of cool. And then they've got a passholder bag down here. And these are just for exclusive like pass uh holders. But they have tons of other food and wine merchandise. Got a nice little raincoat over here. These trays come in handy for when you're walking around. You can set a drink in there and hold the food. And then you got some cups over here, a wine cork, some hats, a quarter zip. Look at this. They actually did a lot for this year's Food and Wine Festival. Here's some of the pins, too. Oh, I like this one with Mickey and Minnie and the knife and the fork. And then you got one with Goofy there. That's really, really cool. I always like showing you guys the merch. And then they have a bunch more on that side. I like how they have red and then blue. It's kind of a nice little color scheme. I seriously had such an amazing day today and I think all the storm clouds are behind me. So, we might actually make it out to the car without getting rained on. Fingers crossed though. Another thing I wanted to show you guys is Spaceship Birth is actually closed for a refurbishment. And I don't know like what they're planning on changing. I know ever since the pandemic it was supposed to shut and we were supposed to get a brand new narration and another scene and I don't know if they're going to be doing that or if they're just touching it up. But it's kind of strange to have a food and wine festival without Spaceship Earth. They even got the uh little block uh blockades in front of it so nobody can go uh stand in the front there. Look it. The queue is all emptied out. I love this ride and whatever they do, I hope they keep it the way it is, but just make it a lot more, you know, cleaner, maybe brighter, add maybe a new scene, but keep all the originals. That's the thing I love about it. And I love the narration, but I feel like they might change it. And there she is, the most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, you were on my shirt today at Epcot. Yes. Yes, you were. And with that, I think we are done here today. I had a lot of fun at Food and Wine Festival today. And I had a great time filming with Disney. It was such an amazing experience just to see, you know, the whole team in action. And I was so nervous. I never did anything like that before. And they were so accommodating, you know, because I'm not like any professional actor or someone that does commercials or anything like that. And they were just like, you know, Nate, just be you. And I would just showed up, ate some food, and talked about things that I liked. And they captured it all. And it was such an amazing video. So, thank you for all of the support over the years. You know, like I say all the time, if it wasn't for you, I mean, I would never have these opportunities. I would never be here. So, I am forever grateful and uh I thank you guys again for commenting on the Disney Parks YouTube video talking about how much you enjoy my videos. It really made me feel like so just blessed. Anyhoos, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it and uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
