---
video_id: Yng7cw-2ocA
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Magic Kingdom 2025: EMPTY Park, Low Wait Times & NEW Food | The Beak & Barrel: Disney World"
published: 2025-09-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yng7cw-2ocA
---
Hey friends, today we are going to the Magic Kingdom and there are so many new things happening in the park. I wanted to come out and do a lap around and talk about some of the things I'm excited for, try some of the new food, and on top of that, we got dining reservations at the Beacon Barrel, the new Pirates themed lounge. So, we're going to eat some food, ride some rides, and have a beautiful Magic Kingdom kind of day. Anywho, let's go do this. It is such a beautiful day out today. Temperatures are in the mid70s and it doesn't look busy at the park at all. Look at this. Nobody's waiting to get in, but I'm excited to be here. I'm excited to walk around, check out everything new, and uh share all my experiences with you. Tonight, the Magic Kingdom closes at 6:00 p.m. for Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween Party, but I always say it's good to go the day of a party because a lot of people won't waste a single day ticket if the park closes at 6:00 p.m. So, we'll keep an eye on the wait times and the crowds and let you know if that's still a thing in 2025. And then I want to try some of the food and just take you guys around and explore the park. Speaking of the wait times, take a look at them. Right now it is 1:34 p.m. and the park is set to close at 6:00 like I said and Dumbo has a 5minute wait. Meet Mickey is a 5minute wait. Little Mermaid 5 minutes. Barntormer 10 minutes. Look at this. Pirates of the Caribbean 10-minute wait. Space Mountain 15 minutes for Space Mountain. Winnie the Pooh is 25 minutes. Haunted Mansion 35. Seven Doors Mine Train is a 35minut wait along with Tron only at 40 minutes. Wow. What's the busiest like ride of the day? Oh, Tiana's. Tiana's has a 55minute wait, but that's the busiest wait time of the day. So, I guess it really is a good thing to come during the day whenever they have a Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween party happening because it looks like nobody's here today. I really cannot get over those wait times. Seven doors mine Train 35 minutes. Space Mountain in 15. Tron was even a 40-minute wait. And actually something new. Tron is doing an overlay for the new movie Tron Aries and it lights up all red and it has new music made by 9-in Nails. Can you believe that? 9-in Nails in the Magic Kingdom. And Epcot is having New Found Glory play there uh I think next month. It's like the best of both worlds. I love seeing that. And but I don't know if we're going to be able to actually show you guys cuz like I think the lighting and all the other effects happen at nighttime and like I said, the park closes at 6:00. But maybe we'll swing over there. I definitely want to ride some rides knowing that everything's basically a short wait. Last time I was in the Magic Kingdom, they still had water in the Rivers of America, but now it's all drained out and they're getting ready for Piston Peak National Park, the new Cars Land. And it's kind of crazy. You can see the track for the Liberty Bell. A lot of people didn't know that that was on a track. They thought it was just, you know, the boat floating in the water, but it's a track that goes all around Tom Sawyer Island. Look at all this scaffolding, too. And they even got some lights out there, so that must mean they're working at night. I'm excited to see the finished product. But it just looks so strange right now. Kind of looks like a dirt racetrack. The concept art for the new Cars Land looks so awesome. I just wish we weren't losing something to get it. And uh I don't know if there's been any set dates for when everything's going to open up, but I'll make sure to keep you guys updated. Right now, I think we're going to start by getting a little sweet treat. I hear they have a s'mores cup over at the Colombian Harbor House. So, I think we'll start with a little s'mores. Here it is, the Colombia Harbor House. I don't come here that often, but like I said, they got a new s'mores sweet treat I want to try. And maybe we'll go take it and eat up in this section right here. A lot of people don't know that they have like upstairs dining and it's kind of above this breezeway. You can actually look out those windows and just see people going about the day. So, it's good for people watching, especially when you got a s'more. Look at how cozy it is up here. If you're ever looking for a place to get away from all the hustle and bustle, come to the second floor of the Columbia Harbor House. There's hardly anyone up here. And here is our s'mores cup. Look at how delicious this looks. It's got graham cracker crumbs in there, chocolate, and I would assume that these little ghost uh figures on top is marshmallow. And I'm excited to dive in and try it. This is a Halloween exclusive, so it's not on the menu permanently. You got to try it when you can. And I think I got a spoon in my hat. Oh yeah, there we go. So, let's dive on in to a little s'mores cup. Honestly, this just looks so good. I kind of want to get a little bit of everything in one bite. Some chocolate, some marshmallow, and some graham cracker crumbs. Oh, I almost dropped the chocolate mousse. So, cheers to s'mores. [Music] M. Wow. 10 out of 10. 10 out of 10. Seriously, this is so delicious. And I think there's two different types of chocolate. Like you got a mousse there and then something on the bottom that we didn't get yet. But I love this. This is a nice little cup. And look at the view. You can just sit here, eat your s'mores, and just look out and stare at all the people going about their business. There's It's a Small World over there. And then the Tangled bathrooms are right over that way. The coolest bathrooms on property. Our reservation for the Beacon Barrel isn't for another hour or so. So, I figured we'd get a little sweet treat like this. Maybe hit up one of the rides and take advantage of the low weight times and then make our way over to the Beacon Barrel. And I wish Roosevelts made a Pirates of the Caribbean shirt. They don't have any yet, but I figured why not uh do Captain Hook. You know, pirate is a pirate. A pirate is a pirate. I really do love this s'mores cup. And as I dig a little deeper, I realized they have other things in there other than graham crackers because there's these little like kind of chocolate pearls on the top there and they add a nice little texture. I like this a lot. But enough of the s'mores business. Let's keep moving along and uh go explore the park a little more. I would definitely get this again though. I like it that much. They kind of taste like pop rocks. I didn't even know. I didn't read the like description. I just saw a s'mores cup and I was like, "Okay, I got to get that." But I think there's like chocolate pop rocks in here. I might be wrong. I'll put a description of everything in there, but that's just what I'm getting. It was nice hanging out in the Columbia Harbor House for a little bit, but I made my way down to Big Thunder Mountain. As you can see, this is still closed for the refurbishment, and I'm not even sure when they're going to reopen, but I'm excited. I hear there's lots of new additions. And I also like all of this signage. Notice Big Thunder Mountain Railroad closed until future notice. I would love that if I could actually buy one of these. They end up at the Lakeland Antique Mall. I'm getting one. And since we're over here, I think maybe we'll go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure. Tiana's Bayou Adventure. I think it's actually only a 10 or 15 minute wait, so might as well. Tiana's is literally a 20 minute wait. That is just so crazy to me. And I also want to do pirates, too, since we're going to the Beacon Barrel. But I don't know if I should do Pirates before we go in or after because they do serve drinks at the Beacon Barrel. So, I might fancy a little cocktail and then go for a nice little boat ride, you know? So, maybe we'll wait and do Pirates after Beacon Barrel. Tiana's was basically just like a walk-on. And I love the AC in this room. I always wish I get stuck underneath one of these vents. Looks like we're going front row. Oh boy. Oh boy. Not a good start if you're getting wet in the beginning of the ride. At least those cannons are off. When we get to the big drop, I'm going to use my hat to protect the camera. I'm going to put it on there. Oh boy, we're going to clunk here. Hey yo, Giana was right. They're all musicians out here at Georgia. [Music] [Applause] [Music] leg. Listen to this. These can't [Music] play, but we got to keep searching high and low. [Music] [Laughter] Oh boy, it's time for the big drop. Here we go. Oh boy. [Music] I took a soggy bottom boy. Tiana's Bayou adventure was so much fun. I ended up getting soaked, but it was worth it. Now it's time to get ready to go to the Beacon Barrel, and I'm so excited. I can't wait to check out all the theming. I mean, I'm just a big fan of places that are themed really nice and to have a little pirates lounge in the Magic Kingdom. I think that's perfect. And here is a look at the menu at the Beacon Barrel. I love this menu. It looks very fancy looking. I wonder if this is real leather. And they have food and drinks here. If you look at the food section, we've got island provisions like plantain chips, corn chips, and toasted flatbread. And then they've got cooks corn griddle cakes, and then a kraken's catch. And then down below, they have some non-alcoholic beverages, the cursed treasure, or the treasure trove. Look at this. You get a mysterious ube, lemon, and coconut concoction, but it comes with a vanilla cake plank, chocolate cannonball, and then golden caramel popcorn. So, it's like a drink and dessert. And then here are the specialty cocktails. Looks like they got about six of them. This Plunderers Punch, though, this comes with a pirate skull mug. It's $46. The other drinks are like $20, $19. But this one, I think I might get this, especially if it has like a collectible mug with it. So, we're going to go on in and uh hopefully have a good time in the Pirates Lounge. A little beacon barrel. A couple of important things to mention about the Beacon Barrel. They have a strict 45minute time limit. So you can only spend 45 minutes in the lounge per reservation. And you can also only get two drinks. They have a two drink maximum per person. And it's also communal sitting. So you might actually sit at a table with other guests or you could be standing. And it's familyfriendly. Kids are allowed to go in. It's not like GO82 at Epcot. And I'm excited to experience it. I can't wait to see all the theming. If you guys remember, they had a pirate experience here for children before they turned it into a lounge where, you know, kids would come in and they would get dressed up like in like their pirate attire. Kind of like the Bibbidity Boppity Boutique, but for boys. And uh I'm excited. So, we're going to we're going to head on in. Look at how awesome this is in here. They even have an animatronic parrot up there. Wow. I want to get a closer look at that parrot. Yo ho. I'm never timing that right. It might be a little dark in here, but I think I'm going to get the cooks corn griddle cakes with chicken and then the treasures trove, which is a little like non-alcoholic drink with some desserts. And then the Plunderers Plunge because it comes with the collectible pirate skull mug, but it's $46. $46. I think it's worth it. And take a look at this. Here is the Plunderers Plunge. And I love that we get to keep this mug. This is included with it. That's why it cost $45. And it's so detailed. I think this is like one of my all-time favorite Disney mugs. And I'm so glad that I got it. So, now let's try it. We're going for a plunge. [Music] Ooh, sweet, but yet kind of strong. I can taste that at the end. It's got a little bite. I like it. The craftsmanship on this tiki mug is just so amazing, though. I hope they actually release new mugs. Like, I'll keep on coming back and collecting just like I do at Trader Sam's if they got this type of work here. The best thing is after we get done drinking the plunderers plunge, but I don't even know if I'm saying it right. Plunderers punch. I I have a hard time saying those two P words together. Plunderers punch. That's how it's said. But after we get done drinking, uh we get to go ride Pirates of the Caribbean. We really [Music] ho and now the cooks corn griddle cakes came out and I got the one with chicken. I was gonna ask for it with no cheese, but I wanted to show you guys what it looks like. If you really don't like the cheese, you could probably just like shake it off. You know, it's not really put in there. Well, uh, might as well dive on in. Should we give it a little line? Get a little line. There we go. Here's the corn cakes. The bottom is actually a little mushy. If you can see, it's probably sitting in all that juice. I'm diving on in. Oh, it's delicious. I actually like this a lot. The chicken has lots of flavor. I love the corn cakes. Very, very good. And I wasn't expecting some good food in here. And it's kind of strange because where I'm sitting, it's kind of like a see-through window. So, these people are watching me eat and I'm watching them drink. Cheers. Cheers to the corn cakes. It's definitely a little messy to eat because there's so much juices like coming out of the corn cake, but I decided to fold it up, make it a little like a kind of corn cake taco. They have three different dining rooms in here. You got the captain's quarters here, the main hall, and then I'm not sure what that room is on the other side where you see that light. That's where the door is. That's how you enter. And I love all of the decorations in here. Look at the uh ship ship in the bottle up top here. This is in the other uh room here. And I like how they have special effects happening in each room. I think this one you can see it do it does something special. I don't know. We're not going to be able to catch it cuz we're not in this room. But I still I still appreciate it. Oh, look. This room is kind of going all crazy in here. The curse is real. You got it now. The curse is real. Look at I didn't see all this writing on the walls before. Oh, it's gone now. The other room I didn't know the name of is the cursed map room. And this one is the captain's quarters. But I like them both. Well, enough of the corn cake business. Now it's time to get to dessert. And they have a treasure trove. This is $13.75 and it comes with a mysterious ube, lemon, and coconut concoction and then served with a vanilla cake plank, chocolate cannonball, and golden caramel popcorn. So, you get a little drink and dessert. And this is a non-alcoholic. So, I'm excited to try it. It looks really, really cool. And the presentation is pretty amazing. Everything is also amazing. Look at We really got ourselves a nice display here. This is such a good deal for $ 1375 cuz you get a full drink, you get a cake bar, it looks like, popcorn, and a cannonball. A chocolate cannonball. So, I think we're going to dive on in. I'm going to try the drink first. Very mysterious. [Applause] Ooh, light and refreshing. And I could taste the coconut. Now, I want to try the cake flank. Cake flank. or I'm not even too sure what they called it, but it's like a cake pop. So, cheers. [Music] Ooh. Overall, I think I like this the best because you get a little bit of everything. You get a drink along with some sweet treats and popcorn. I mean, if you're looking for alcohol, go for it. But if you just want to come hang out in a pirate like lounge, this is what you should get. [Music] Cover your ears. Take you. [Music] [Music] Well, I gotta say I was very impressed with the Beacon Barrel. I love the theming. I love how all of the cast members are really getting into character. The parrot was awesome. And all the drinks were fun. And the best thing is this mug. I still can't believe I got this mug. Look at how amazing this is. I know it was dark in there, so you probably couldn't see all the detail, but look at the gold tooth here. And it actually says first edition on the bottom there. So, this is a very nice collectible and I'm happy I got it. My favorite thing overall was the desserts, the treasure trove with the uh non-alcoholic drink only because like for $13 you get desserts and a drink. But if you're more into, you know, the alcohol, I highly suggest getting this. and try to get it before they run out of the first edition because uh if you look at the Trader Sam mugs, a lot of those first edition mugs are worth a lot of money. And uh I figure maybe one day this might be worth a pretty penny down the road. So now it's time to take our mug and uh go ride Pirates of the Caribbean. I've never been prouder. And look at this. Pirates is only a 10minute wait. That is so awesome. They also package up your collectible mug in a box so it doesn't break. Just wanted to point that out. Looks like we got row one. [Music] And I got my mug with me. I feel like I should take it out of the box. It's coming around. Hey, run up your white flag, you scurvy scum, and bring me Jack Sparrow before I talk. Never spiral in the treasure. I give you 20 for the wrong liver lover. Strike your feathers deary. Show them your fun. Hey, send him hints at Davy Jones. It's the rumble. [Music] It's the treasure for sure. And no mistake. And by thunder, that scoundrel Captain Jack Sparrow will never be I nor this gu. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Pirates was so much fun. And it's even cooler when you go to the beacon barrel before going on pirates or if you do it in the opposite rotation. like if you go on Pirates and then go to the Beacon Barrel. And uh it's even better that it was a 10-minute wait and it was actually like a walk-on because when they say 10 minutes, it's basically the length of the queue. So, you just continuously walk until you get on like a boat. But now, uh the party has begun. So, the park is going to start closing and uh we're going to have to start making our way down Main Street USA. Maybe we'll stop in and check out some of the merchandise and then we get to go home and see Gracie. And I have a couple other surprises I want to show you at home. So, uh, I guess to guess to Main Street. You know, I'm actually a little sad to be leaving the Magic Kingdom right now. Seeing everyone all dressed up in their Halloween costumes for Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween Party makes me wish we were staying. You know, I love the party and you couldn't ask for better weather. Look at how amazing it is out right now. I think we might just jump into the emporium real quick because I want to see if they got any new merchandise. Some new merchandise. Captain Hook, we literally have 20 minutes until the park closes. So, I might spend my last 20 minutes shopping in the emporium. I found some more Pluto merchandise because they're celebrating his birthday. Look at this shirt. Isn't that so awesome? And then they have a little sweater on this side. This is very animated. I like it a lot. Look at Pluto there. That's kind of adorable. I don't know how much this is, though. $69.99. Holy moly. And then they've got a couple of other cool things over here. Look at this blanket with the Fab Five on it. You know, I love a good blanket. And I also just found out recently that if you want to know what the blanket looks like, this is the pattern on the tag there. And it looks like it's $49.99. That's kind of cool. Well, I was going to show you guys some of the new merchandise, but it doesn't look like they have any new merch out right now. And since it's so close to the party, they started putting out the party exclusive merch. So, uh there's not much room to walk around in there cuz everyone's trying to grab the party march. Party march. Party march. There she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, what are you doing? What are you doing? Huh? You going to come up here and say hi? Oh, look at that jump. Look at that jump. You mess up these decorations every time I come here. Look at you. What are you doing? Well, now that we are back home and Gracie gave us our little greeting. You know, I'll tell you what, there's nothing better than coming home and your dog just being so excited to see you. like it just makes me instantly happy. I love sharing it with you guys, too. Uh, but I wanted to show you some really cool Disney finds I got the other day at the Goodwill. You guys might have seen my Instagram reel or my YouTube short about uh picking up the old Walt Disney World Montreal playset. I literally just like happened to hop in the Goodwill and I looked in the corner of the store and there was literally the whole set there. And uh you guys should check out the video. I'll put it in maybe uh in this video or uh at the end of the video so that you guys can see it. But it was a really cool find and I just wanted to share it with you guys, show you a little bit more. And I also picked up some other stuff, but not from the Goodwill, but just like really cool Disney stuff. And you got I always like sharing my little treasures and finds because I think you guys enjoy it. We have like the same taste in things, you know, things like, you know, that just make you feel cool and happy. I like I like buying things just to look at them. But here is one of the uh Montreal playsets. This is the Grand Fian. Look at this. And it's all literally in the box. And uh they were selling each one individually. So, this one was $29.99 and I looked up on eBay when I got home. I didn't realize they are this valuable, but this one is selling for $45. Isn't that insane? And I have a really cool spot I want to put them. So, I want to show you guys. I already put together the Contemporary and the Polynesian Resort, and every single piece was in those boxes and almost put back like it was packaged. It was really really in good condition, but I want to recreate the Montreal Resort Loop on top of my uh kitchen cabinets. So, I'm probably going to put uh the TTC at the end here. And then I'm going to switch the Poly in front of the Contemporary. And then I'll put the Poly, the Grand Fidian, and then Magic Kingdom or the Haunted Mansion, and then the Grand Fian. I know a lot of people use these for like Christmas decorations or under the tree, but I want to display them like all year round. And I have the Montreal up there. I It's a little too I I'll have to get back farther to show you, but the Montreal goes through the Contemporary. You can actually set it up and it's battery operated. So, I want to kind of like I said, have my own Montreal loop at home. A lot of people were asking for updates on what I plan to do with all the resorts. So, I wanted to show you guys my big plan, but they take a little while to put together. Like I said, I only got the poly and the contemporary done. So, uh I'll keep you updated as uh we uh finish up our little Montreal resort loop in our kitchen. And I also wanted to show you another really cool thing that I got the other day. Now, this I absolutely love, but I picked up some original animation cells from the Muppets babies. Look at this. These are the original animation cells from the show. And they come with like a little certificate of authenticity. Yeah, you know, one of those fancy things. But look at that. I I'll try to zoom it in so you guys can read it. From Jim Henson. Isn't that cool? These were the original ones. I love artwork like this because it has a lot of meaning. And you know, I really love the Muppets. But I thought that was another cool find. So, I wanted to share it with you guys. Overall though, I love that uh we get to have these uh you know, little moments where I kind of talk about the things that I I just kind of really love and I get excited about it. But I'll uh like I said, I'll update you guys. And uh I hope you uh enjoyed the video. It was a fun day. Little Magic Kingdom, the beacon barrel. Now going over my little my little collection, my little Disney collection. So, uh, I hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. And, uh, we'll see you next time. Bye.
