---
video_id: KojcBUMx8xg
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Wish | My Full Cruise Voyage: Frozen Dinner, Hyperspace Lounge & AquaMouse | Disney Cruise"
published: 2025-09-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KojcBUMx8xg
---
Hey friends, today we are going on the Disney Wish and I am so excited. My friends and I decided to book a Friends cruise all together and we've got three nights on the high seas and I want to film the whole trip and make one big video to share all of our experiences with you. We're going to eat lots of food, sip on some drinks, cruise the seas, and have a beautiful Disney wish kind of week. Anywho, let's go do this. It is such a beautiful day here in Port Canaveral. Temperatures are in the low8s and I'm excited to go on my second cruise. There it is, the Disney Wish. And then right next to it is the Magic, Disney's first cruise ship, and I'm so excited. So, we're going to go through security, get checked in, and get ready to board the ship. This is my second cruise ever. My first cruise was on the Disney Treasure about a year ago, and I had such an amazing time making that video. And since the Wish has the same exact layout as the Treasure and a lot of the same food, I wanted to focus this video on making memories with my friends and having fun and just capturing what it's like to go on a cruise with your friends. And the best part of it is they are celebrating Halloween on the high seas. So, on the last night, they're going to decorate the ship all Halloweenish, and they're going to have spooky shows. We're going to do trick-or-treating, dress up in our costumes, and I'm excited for our regular crew schedule. The rotational dining is amazing. Our first night, we have Worlds of Marvel and probably drinks at the Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge. And then on the second day, it's Pirates Night and we're gonna have dinner at Arendelle, the Frozen Dinner Show, which I am so excited for. And then on the third night, like I said, they're going to do all the Halloween activities. We're going to be able to go to Castaway, and we have dinner at 1923, and I just want to make a video and share all of our experiences with you. Our boarding time was at 100 p.m. So, we left uh Walt Disney World, about uh I would say an hour and a half, and it took us a little bit of an hour just to get here. And uh we got plenty of time to get all situated and then make our way onto the ship. We're boarding the ship. We made it through security and it was like a walk-on actually. We just walked right through. No long lines. And now we're going to check in and finally get aboard the Disney Wish. Oh, we're on the ship now. Look at that. It's a big drop down. Wow. Take a look at this atrium. It is so beautiful in here. I kind of got the goosebumps. And check out the pumpkin tree. Like I said, we're doing the Halloween on the high seas. And I love all of the Halloween decorations, even around the banisters on top there. And they have Cinderella right in the main grand hall here. Look at the statue. Isn't that cute? And they even have her glass slipper on display over here. This is so awesome. I love the wish. This is really, really cool. I can tell you what, that feeling you get when you first walk on a cruise ship. I've only got it twice now, and I just want to feel it again. Like, it literally just walking in just gives you goosebumps. So, I think we're going to start by making our way up to the room. I'm going to put my bags away, give you a fancy little room tour, and then we're going to get all settled in, meet up with our friends, maybe grab a drink, and wait for the sail away party. Even though they said there's some rain in the area, so it might get cancelled or move somewhere else. I just want to be prepared for anything, you know. And here is a look at our stateateroom. Me and Shawn are going to be staying here together, and it's a Frozen themed room. There's plenty of places for people to sleep. You got the bed, of course. And then you've got this uh couch that pulls out to a bed and then kind of a Murphy bed that they can bring out here. And I also think they have one that drops down from the ceiling, which is kind of cool. And the housekeeping will come in and set everything up, you know, for morning, night, and bedtime. And I love all of the Frozen artwork. Anna and Elsa right here ice skating. And then you get the uh headboard is Sven and Olaf walking through like a wintry forest. Oh, that's uh actually Elsa's ice castle there. And you get uh one bedroom basically. You can put this little divider and make it into two. So that's what we'll probably do. Like I'll sleep on this side or Sean will sleep on this side and kind of make it, you know, two different rooms. Over here is the bathrooms. I'll give you a look see in here. Oh. Oh. Does that happen every time you open this door? That's funny that the announcement came on as soon as I opened the door. It looked like it kind of triggered when I opened the door, but they were giving the announcement we have to go to the safety uh like demonstration. You do that every time you get on the ship. But I wanted to show you the other bathroom. That's where like the sink and the toilet is. This is just for the uh shower itself. It's a nice little uh walk-in shower. Nice little standup one. Like I said, you got the shower in there. And then over here is uh the sink and the toilet. Two mirrors, too. And then we got plenty of storage. Got some uh life jackets here. They even say Disney Wish on it. That's kind of cool. A laundry bag. Another closet here. And the best part, the balcony. I know. I'm so excited. You can't get a Disney cruise without a veranda. You get to just look out and stare at the water. We're still We're still at the dock, though, aren't we? I don't even know how to open this. Oh, it just slides open. Look at that. We get to say goodbye soon. We have to get ready for the sail away party. We're going to get ready for the safety demonstration and then uh the sail away party and we'll be on our way. On our way. I'm excited. I'm happy Sean's here. Second cruise. Second cruise together. Like it's my second cruise in general. Sean's been on like 14 of them. Look at all of these decorations on the doors as we make our way to Luna. Look at over here. They have a big banner. That's awesome. Way to go, family. And this one right here actually has candy at the door. You can do some trick-or-treating. But we're going to go meet up with our friends Kristen and Amanda. Grab some coffee and relax before we leave. Before we take off. Is that what we're doing? Sail away. Sail away. Take off like a spaceship. We made our way up to the cove. This is the 18 and older section. Now you get a good look at the magic. That's what I was trying to show earlier. Look at her out there to us. I know. It's a very small ship. That's the OG. That's the one. That's what I said. Her sister ship the wonder. And here is the Cove Cafe. I think we're going to grab some ice coffees. I can go for a nice little coffee. I need a pickme up. Wow. Look at in here. This is cozy. Find a nice little corner. We got the whole spot to ourselves. This is really cozy in here. Polynesian Moana themed. I see Maui's book on the wall. And uh get a nice little coffee. Do they uh serve food here, too, or no? They have snacks. Oh, they have some light snacks. Oh, we're all about the coffee, though. Cheers to the wish. Look at how fancy that is. It says wish right on it. Disney wish. Isn't that cool? Best drink on the ship. Sean says, "The may the force be with you and also with you." As with you as well. This is the salted caramel coconut latte, right? I like it. It's actually very, very good. They got the espresso martini versions. They did. This is like what this cafe is known for, this latte here. It's like a very popular drink. And they tried it for the first time. So good. And you could get it in espresso martini form. So if you like espresso martinis, 100 out of 10. Would recommend. Cheers to the cold. I love how everyone decorates their door for the Halloween on the high seas. Look at this. And some of them do such a really, really good job. I kind of want to decorate next time we come on a cruise. Should we go trick-or-treating? Oh, yeah. That's right. We get to do trick-or-treating. We go knocking out the doors. Hello, trick. You know, I honestly I brought a Halloween costume, Sean. Oh, did you? No, I might have. I think we're going to dress up a little bit. We're going to go make our way to the Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge. Are they playing The Weekend right now? I've been on my loan for long enough. Baby, you can show me how to touch, baby. Very busy. I know. Wow, look how busy it is here. First time checking out the Hyperspace Lounge. Oh, fancy. We were going to go to the saila away party, but because it's raining, they moved it inside and it's very crowded over there. So, might as well hang out in the Star Wars lounge for a little bit as we sail away as we blast off in the sea. And see [Music] I got the same. Wow, we're moving. The ship's moving. You found something you like. That fancy drink. What are you getting? I'm getting the oldfashioned drink. Oh, look at the bubbles. Coming back for you. Yeah. One by one. It's a lot of show. Space bubble. Wow. [Applause] Can I get a bubble with my old fashion? Do it. Oh, [Music] Kristen and Amanda got the Batu Spire. And I'm getting the oldfashioned one. I don't know the name of it. They just pointed out on the menu, but I hope it's got some cool bubbles. Oh, I think I'm going to like it. Hi. This is bye. Oh, look at that fancy little beaker. That's ice. Oh, ice. What is this one called? Reserve. Wow. Cheers. With our fancy drinks. Oh, I think we're Oh, you're going light speed. Bahamas. Cheers. Look at all this smoke in there still. [Music] Oh, that's delicious. What is that thing? A bat. I think it's from the Alien movies. Aliens? You know, at sea, nobody can hear you scream. Well, I enjoyed my time at the Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge. The drink was very good, and the atmosphere is fun. I just think I was spoiled by going on the treasure and doing the Haunted Mansion parlor. Now, we made our way back to our stateateroom. I wish we could have caught the sail away party, but like I said, it was raining. They moved it inside. And we are officially moving. We're making way. We're on our way, Sean. Out to the open water. Nothing but us and the sea. And the sea. And about five other cruise ships in the distance there. You see them all? Holy moly. There's a lot of cruise ships out there. Oh, and then we got a sheriff down here giving us an escort out. We're just sitting back enjoying the view, letting the breeze run through our hair. Sean got a bottle of procco and a cheese plate, and we're just going to chill and vibe for a little bit. I like it. I'm so excited. I'm a big cruise guy now. After the treasure, I feel like I want to do them all. I want to do them all. hopping champagne on the Disney Wish, which is very This is actually really great for being a platinum member of Disney and Cruise. He got this free. They gave me a free cheese plate and a free bottle of procco champagne. Any any wine, they said. Yeah. And I said, I would rather have a procco cuz I think that'd be a great way to start any cruise. Bubbly blessed. Well, look at they even wrap up the glasses. So fancy. Like, sir, would you like a glass of uh proco, please? Oh, one second, sir. Let me unwrap my glasses. Oh, where are you sailing from, sir? Oh, from Florida. Oh, Florida. Nice peninsula of Florida. Come on. Here. Enjoy, sir. Bottom up. Bottoms up. Bubbly blessed. Bubbly blessed. Cheers. Cheers to the Disney wish. To the wish. This is what a Disney cruise is about. Sitting on your Wow. I'll tell you this. Sitting out on the veranda, sipping on some procco with some of my best friends as we sail away to the Bahamas is really living my best life. I absolutely love this. And now we're going to get ready to go to the pumpkin tree lighting in the main atrium. And then after that, we have dinner at the Worlds of Marvel. And I'm excited because I've eaten at this restaurant on the Treasure, but it was Groot themed. This one's Ant-Man and Wasp. And I think Spider-Man shows up. And then tomorrow night, we have the Frozen uh dinner show, the Arendelle. And that one's going to be so cool. But tonight, I think we're going to have a good time. Worlds of Marvel, maybe a silent disco, maybe some more trivia. Who knows? I'm going to live it up. Live it up on the wish. There it is. The pumpkin tree. [Applause] It's me. Oh, excellent. And I'm not remember. And this is where our story begins. A dark and starrying night when the telephone mother was on her way to help sing into the pool. sat in the pool. Oh, I bet you. Now, I know you all know that story, but I bet you didn't know that the pumpkin was Boo's idea, was it? It actually was. Now, everyone get those branches up in the air. Now, let's move it this way and this way. Let's see those shape like this boy. Oh, let it go now. All together now. [Music] The pumpkin tree lighting was so beautiful. I love seeing the atrium all lit up in Halloween colors and even all the decorations. Now, we're going to go do some trivia. They have 70s music trivia happening right before we have to get ready for the Worlds of Marvel dinner. So, we might go and see if we can win a prize. And it's cool cuz they give you a little medallions. I mean, 70s music is kind of like a hard genre for me to know a lot on since I wasn't born then. But I think we got a good group. So, we might actually win. Number eight sounds like this. Oh, a short snippet there. All right, we're halfway through. So, it's at this point that I like to tell you what's up for grabs for our winners today. Are those who are So, that is what our winners are going to be going home with today. Now, we have Yes. A little for the ship, Medallion. Very good. Is hold those papers up in the air if you've got more than one correct answer? Yes. Very good. More than 10. Easy. 20. 25. 30. 32 34 [Music] 36 [Music] What did you get? 36. Can anyone beat 36? No way. Wow. Are you medallions over? But I like to learn new things. So, here's the best. I can't believe we won. Fun fact. What is the length of That is incredible. Wow. Oh my lord. Oh, wait. Where's Kristen's? 720. Look at this. You were here. You were here. 11. The answer is We did it, guys. We won. I honestly can't believe it. Our first trivia and we won. It's so cool. I love trivia. I love movie trivia and Disney parks, but I didn't think we stood a chance for the 70s music. But Amanda was on top of it. So, now we're making our way to the Worlds of Marvel. First dinner night. Here it is. Worlds of Marvel. Sean, you don't get a medallion cuz you weren't there. Listen, I'm sorry I missed I'm sorry I missed the whole competition, but you missed it. I'm still a winner being on the Disney Wish. You are. You're still a winner. You get a participation award. Thank you. That's all I wanted. Look at that Avengers symbol there. Hi, how are you? them. Yes. All together. It looks like the same dining room. Actually, it is very similar. And I like the music. I feel like we're on a big adventure right now. We're in Pim's test kitchen. Yes. I'm curious to see if the menu is different for this Worlds of Marvel than it is on the Treasure. And I also want to try a lot more this time. I think being my first uh cruise the first time, I was a little hesitant to order multiple things. But I think I'm going to go all out. I think we're going to eat a lot of food. Here is a look at the menu. And like I said, you can order as much as you like. And I like how some of the entre like cool Marvel references. Like the spiced pork chop is from Wakanda and the chicken snitle is from Sooia. Like the Skovia Accords. And I probably will get a little bit of everything. A little pork chop, a little chicken snitle, a little rosemary roasted beef tenderloin, and maybe a steamed bow bun. That's a big meal. To start, you get a nice little bread service. Some marble rye. Oh, some marble things are happening. Look at this. It's like It's like pink bread. [Music] Hi, I'm Scott Lang. Um, but you might know me as Ant-Man. In 3 2 1 [Applause] The appetizers have arrived and I got the potato soup, which looks amazing, and the bow bun. I didn't want to go too heavy since I ordered three entre. So, we're just going to snack away here. And I'm excited to try this soup. I love soup. First things first, we got to try this soup. Oh, look at that. Very creamy. You got some carrots on there. I think I'm in love. I don't I really love this soup. The bow bun is pretty good. I taste a little oreness in there. It's like orange pork maybe. But the thing I love most out of both of them is this soup. So much flavor. And I usually don't like potato soup. And it's really cool that I found one that I like so much. I think there's some knock worst in here. I just gave up on this spoon. I heard Kristen say it. Some knock worst. Knock. I don't know. Knock knock. It's very delicious though. The main courses have come out and we're going to need a bigger table here. Look at this. I am so excited. I am so hungry. We literally got everything. But honestly, I got the pork chop right here. And then I got the beef. And then I got the chicken snitle. A little beef, pork, and chicken. I love it. I'll let you guys know what I think of each food once we're done. Right now I'm diving into the chicken cool little chicken cutlet. Or actually it's not a chicken cutlet. It's a chicken stitle. Stitle snatchel. [Music] Spider-Man. Spider-Man. How you doing, man? Thanks for all the dinner. Yeah, I got the snitle. I got the snitle. See you, Spidey. The chicken is so good. It's like panko breading and I love it. And I can't wait to dive into the pork chop cuz it's got a nice little charredness on it. I'm very impressed already. Just take a look at that pork chop there. Doesn't it look amazing? And I also like the shape of the rice. They baked the rice in a special shape. And then the the beef over here. We got some mashed potatoes and some asparagus. And then the chicken came with potatoes and green beans. Everyone else got the pasta. How's the pasta, Sean? Listen, I always love the I love the pasta and chick the pasta and steak combo here. Oh yeah, pasta and steak combo. Enough of the meat business. It's now time for dessert. And I got the key lime pie and then I got the bread pudding. Look at this. I could have gotten the other ones. Kristen got this delicious looking cake. I'll share with you. I know. I You know, I'm starting to feel a little full. And Sean got a sundae that I already took down. Enough of the meat business. We're about to get into this sundae here. I do love a good key lime pie. So, I'm going to take a nice little scoop here. Oh, with the graham cracker crust. Very, very good. Oh, might as well just keep moving along. I'm trying the toffee. It's like I think it's toffee. It's a toffee bread pudding or something. Sticky toffee bread pudding. Sticky toffee bread pudding with some vanilla ice cream. Oh, don't mind if I do. Wow, that's good. That's good. Like better than the key lime pie. Good. I will magic. I will move a little bit the glasses. Okay. I don't want to hurt anybody. So now I have three cherry on the table, right? And the other is empty and no. Now what we going to do? This one we're going to put on top of this one. Right. As I mentioned, empty. Now what is the magic one? Abra. Wow. Wow. Worlds of Marvel was amazing. If I had to rank my entre, I'd probably say I like the chicken the most. So chicken number one, the beef number two, and then the pork chop last. I mean, it was good, but it wasn't as good as the chicken and the beef. And the dessert was great, too. The pudding was the best part. I like the key lime pie, but I would go pudding again next time. Now, I think we're going to go settle back in the room for a little bit. See if we want to uh do any of the cool adult activities tonight. I think there's a silent disco and then a '9s night at midnight. So, we might have a long night, but I'm going to keep it going. Just going to show you the whole cruise experience. We stopped in the main atrium and look, the Sanderson sisters are out on the stage taking photos. And it's starting to get a little spooky in here with the uh lighting in the tree all lit up. I want my picture with the Sanderson sisters. Look at them up there. Here, turn around. I'll get one. I wonder if there's a long line down there. I can only see this part. Look, turn around. I'll get one. Oh, yeah. Here, give me one right here. Hey, [Music] I think it's time we start making our way to the silent disco. And I'm so excited. I love the silent disco. It's where everyone has headsets and the music's only on the headsets. So like people just singing and dancing and having a good time. If I sing and it's really bad. Please forgive me. I have I [Music] like diamonds in the sky. You could change the channel. [Applause] Kristen, come on. She's running away. And when the night falls, [Music] thanks for watching the video. Sorry I missed you, but we're at the silent disco. Anyhoos, bye. I I want to be my lover, you get with my friends. Summer turn down all around. [Applause] I never knew the silent disco get you so sweaty. It's a good workout. Honestly, after that buffet, you need to hit the silent disco. Yo, it's a good time in there. We were dancing, singing. Look at them all in there. I was sweating in there dancing and having a good time though. Kristen wanted no part of it, so she went down to Night and Gales, which is like a piano bar. So, we're going to go down and hang out with her for a little bit and then try to convince her to come back up and dance. Here it is. Night and Gales. And this is like a little bit of a different pace. It's a little piano music, very quiet, nice drinks. [Music] You fancy a cocktail over here? We did a little espresso martini. Oh, thanks, John. This is completely different from the silent disco. Completely. We're all up there dancing. Kristen comes down here and hangs out with the piano player. It's kind of cozy. I'm not going to lie. This is what I'm in for. This is my kind of evening. And I like how they have some Cinderella artwork on the walls there, too. Do you see that? The evil stepsisters up top. We were enjoying ourselves in Night and Gales, but it's almost midnight, so they're doing like a special kiss good night in the main atrium, so we decided to come out and watch it. Lay down on the carpet and look up at the stars. Oh my gosh, [Music] it is nice. [Music] [Music] Kiss and with the kiss. Good night. I think that is a wrap for day one. I had a lot of fun and you know, we really did a lot in just a short amount of time. The only thing I wish is that we got to watch the sail away party, but it literally rained just as we sailed away. And then it got beautiful out, but we still got to do a lot of the lounges and bars and the silent disco and worlds of Marvel. And guess what? Tomorrow it's even going to be better. So, I guess uh we'll see you in the morning. See you in the morning. And good morning from the Bahamas. We are officially docked and we can get out and go explore around. But I'm more excited for Castaway tomorrow. We just stayed in this morning, rested up, and relaxed a little bit. But all the cool festivities are going to start soon. So, I figured we'd uh bring the vlog back up. We kind of have a busy day today. Tonight they're going to be doing pirates night. We got our little pirate handkerchief which I'm so excited for. They do fireworks, have an awesome stage show. Everybody gets all rowdy. It's a really good time. And then we have dinner at Arendelle. So before that, I figured we go hang out by the pool, relax a little bit, and just take in the cruise life. I made my way to the top of the ship, and they have the Aqua Mouse. Basically, it's like a roller coaster water slide and it takes you all around the ship. You can follow the tube and it's so amazing because at the other side here it becomes like clear and you can see everything going on and it hangs off the corner of the ship. Look, there it goes. So, I think we might want to go ride it. It says it's a 45minute wait and I don't know if I can film it or not, but I definitely want to show you guys. I think I am going to go ride the Aqua Mouse, but I don't think I'm allowed to film. So, I will put in the one that I did on the treasure cuz I think it's almost the same just so you guys can see what the ride is like. Hi. Oh, you get wet. I already love it. Oh boy. [Applause] Coming out with [Applause] coming in. We're waiting to see Kristen come by on the Aqua Mouse any second now. I can't believe Kristen's actually on this. She It's so much fun. It literally is such an amazing ride. Where's she at? She was right behind Oh, there she is. Kristen coming in hot. Kristen. Oh, that was awesome. The Aqua Mouse was amazing. And I got soaked. It literally might be my all-time favorite water ride. Like, it is that good. And if I put in the video from the treasure, it's honestly kind of like the same exact ride except for it has different show scenes. But I wanted you guys to see what it was like. And now we're all dressed up and ready to get ready for uh Arendelle and uh pirates night. So uh might as well keep on going. And we're about to sail away from the Bahamas. So we might go up to the top deck and see our way goodbye and wave wave to the islands. We're starting to sail away from the Bahamas. But look at how beautiful this view is. We got a cozy little lighthouse down there. I really wanted to explore more of the Bahamas, but because we only have a little amount of time on the ship itself, we wanted to enjoy as much as we can. And I did. So, that just means I got to come back. I got to come back and do another one. I want to come out to this lighthouse right here and just hang out and take photos. That's got to be one of the coolest looking lighouses I think I've ever seen. Now that we have officially taken off, we figured we'd go grab a drink at the bayou, which is the Tiana's themed lounge, and just relax before pirate night and dinner at Arendelle, the frozen dinner show tonight. And then we have fireworks later on tonight. It's going to be a cool little a little festive night. The bayou is literally right outside of the Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge. Look how pretty it is over here. Got some flowers on the roof. I love the colors. They have live music here. And uh we found a nice little little corner booth here. Oh, yeah. Are you guys doing something with your drinks? Transitions. Oh, okay. Keep an eye on Tik Tockers. Yeah, I caught you. Tik Tok trending. Here is a look at the bayou. They have Mama OD's Kitchen where they serve up some New Orleans beignetes along with some really awesome uh cocktails, smoked fashion, sazzarak, and then on the other side they have around the Bayou experience. Bayou rum, Bayou Rum Reserve, and then Bayou Rum Mardigra. For $28, you get a bunch of uh rum and then they have some zero proof cocktails and a New Orleans float and an orange soda. I think I'm going to get a beignet and a smoked old fashion. Kind of fancy on the Disney treasure. This lounge is actually a Jungle Cruise theme lounge. Ooh, I got a smoky oldfashioned. Thank you. Look at this. Comes in a little box that was presented to me so nicely. I'm going to open it up for you guys. Wow. That Oh, it smells so good, too. Holy moly. They filled the cup. Oh, look at that. Wow. I think I like the bayou. So, cheers. Look at these precious beauties. I love beignetes. These look actually really, really good. Lots of powdered sugar. And I don't know what they put on the sides there. Maybe a little raspberry or chocolate. So, uh, might as well dive on in. Now, we got to try these beignes here. I can taste the sugar, but it also feels like it's just a sugar dusted dinner roll. Like there's not much beignet to it. But very delicious. Especially if you like the sugar. Do I have a sugar stash? Enough of the beignet business. We got to get ready for Mickey and Minnie's Pirates in the Caribbean. Look at everyone all dressed down in their pirate outfits. They're selling a bunch of cool like sparkly swords over here. Oh yeah, this is a this is a really good time. It's time to welcome the most fun pirates that we know. Please welcome Mickey and Minnie's pirate crew. Let the cheers for the sail for my goofy voice. Look alive. It's time to introduce to you the lead of our pirate crew. Who could it be? Captain Mickey. It sounds like you want more of the lesson number four. Number four, what does a fireball more than anything the wind in their sail adventure and friends talking to a parent? Those are all well, but the answer is treasure. Not treasure. We love the way you look. We love the way you feel. lost the Hey, that [Applause] you know The test [Music] Oh no. Mickey and Minnie's Pirates of the Caribbean show was a lot of fun. I thought it was really well put together. But that's not it for Pirates Night because after we get back from dinner at Arendelle, they're going to have a pirate party with fireworks. And I'm so excited. But right now, we got to make our reservation and get ready for uh our Frozen dinner show. And I'm so excited for this one. There it is. Arendelle. Look how fancy it is in here. Holy moly. Wow. The dining room is so amazing, too. Look at this. You basically just sit down at the table and then I think characters will come out and they perform on this stage right in the middle and then they walk around and you know, you just eat some food and enjoy. But I'm really excited for this. I really love the cocoa one on the treasure and I hear this one's even better. Arendelle is a little bit different than Worlds of Marvel last night. This is more, like I said, a dinner show, but all of the food is all you care to enjoy. So, we're going to probably try a little bit of everything. And I'm most excited for the desserts. Here is a look at the menu. And they've got a lot of really interesting foods. A lot of Norwegian food. I know they have the meatballs because I've eaten at the restaurant at the Norway pavilion in Epcot, but they also got some Sven's favorite carrot soup. I love carrot soup, so I'm probably going to get that maybe along with Elsa's royal baked scallops as my uh appetizer. But for entre, they have King Angar's dry rubbed roasted pork tenderloin, a potato lessa, crispy pinko crusted cod fillet, the Arendelle, and I don't know how to pronounce it, but those are the braised meatballs with the noodles. I I think I'm going to get a little bit of everything. Ooh, they even have a roasted chicken breast and a garlic and thyme roasted beef ribeye. Wow. I almost forgot to show you the desserts. Look at this. It's got a little apple cake, some Norwegian pancakes, and then they've got a buttercake. Ooh, and the bread's here. Oh, that's a nice bread basket. Oh, wow. It looks like a little muffin. Look at that dinner roll. Oh, it's got a crunchy outside. [Music] Oh, love. But tonight at this big engagement party blowout. Yo, that literally just made my day. The big summer blowout. Okay, welcome everyone. Okay, one more time. [Applause] Hello. Hello everyone. Oh, it's just so good to see all of you. I am and I am pleased to be there giving you to Adam. Please be clapping for these very fine music makers that are your trio. [Music] [Music] [Music] I feel like I should take my bandana off now. I'm bald. [Music] today. [Music] Everybody will always [Music] to Queen Anna and Kristoff. The appetizers have arrived. Here is the scallops. It's like a scallop pot pie. I've never seen such a flaky crust dish like that. And then uh we got the carrot soup over here. Holy moly. Look it. Olaf and Oaken are just like hanging out over here. Oh, did they come up to the table? [Music] Hello, family. It is so good to see you. Mr. Wander and Oaken, everyone is so happy. Oh, yes. Welcome on this happy day. It is a happy day. The happiest of days. Anna and Kristoff are engaged. That is a much happy thing. Everyone got my invitation. And look, you all made it. family. Love is in the air. [Music] Can you smell it? All I smell is new to the That's not love. And I should know. I consider myself a bit of a love expert. You a love expert. It's true. For example, I know that love is putting someone else's needs before your own as it comes to sharing dessert. That's completely different. In that case, dessert comes first always. I think you might know what I'm talking about. Yeah, it seems they do. But I'm right. I'm right. Come on. Let's go tell others the secrets of love. Okay. Bye-bye, family. Bye-bye. Bye, Olaf. Party. Oh, I hope you all order dessert. Oh, I ordered some dessert. Now that Olaf and Oaken are making their rounds around the restaurant, I hope that Anna and Elsa maybe come out to the table or Kristoff. I think that would be pretty cool. But I'm going to try the carrot soup. This looks pretty good. It looks uh kind of like tomato soup. [Music] Wow, I like it. There's not anything inside of it. I think it's just kind of like, you know, split pea soup, but carrot carrot soup. Oh, I really like it. When I ordered this, I thought it was actual scallops. Like scallop scallops, not a whole pot pie. So, I'm interested in what's inside. Oh, it is very, very flaky on the top. I'm going to break it down. I'm going to try a little bite and then I'll let you guys know what I think. Now, I just put a big hole in it. I can't get nothing out. I'm cursed, I tell you. Is it a scallop? I guess it is. The scallop dish is so delicious. And I'm taking the uh bake baked in a buttery flaky crust and I'm sticking it in the carrot soup. Look at that. It is amazing. I equally like both of these just as good. Did you guys know Jack from Titanic got his tickets to America from Sven and Olaf? It's like one of the craziest things ever. Hi there. Hi guys. Welcome friends. Are you enjoying everything so far? I love the scallops. Oh, they were Elsa's Elsa's favorite and I love the carrot soup. Oh, that's just a little bit of carrots. We might eat those. And that's why we planted a carrot garden just in case that happens. Well, safekeeping. Thank you all so much for joining us tonight. Oh, congratulations. Thank you. It took me a few tries, but I got to write in the end. Oh, nice. Well, we'll see you all again soon. Okay, see you now. Take care. So, that's awesome. I love that Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff all come around to the table. I think Elsa's coming next. Like, they literally make it to every single table. And uh I don't think they do that during the Coco show on the treasure, right? I think they gave the same to us. Oh, maybe they did. I don't know. I don't remember. He must be good at family games. Is that right? On Fridays for family game night, too. Olaf rearranging things. Is Olaf good at trivia, though? He is good at trivia. I think he cheats. He does all the time. Keep an eye on him. Enjoy the thing. Thank you, Elsa. Do you think he cheats? I don't know, baby. I'm not trying to start enemies here out here. Elsa, I'm not trying to start any problems out here in Arendelle. All right, the food has arrived. The main event. Look at this. A full table again. And honestly, I'm more excited for the food at here than I am at the Worlds of Marvel. I got the pork tenderloin right here. And I think that's onion rings on top of there. And I got the uh ribeye. It's just prime rib. And it comes with a twice baked potato and then broccoli. And I honestly might want to try this. I asked them if I can get the meatballs on the side cuz I didn't want to get all of the pasta and the lingenberry berry. So they brought me over a bowl. A bowl of balls. Just a bowl of balls. I'm going to try the pork loin first. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] All of the food was really good except for the prime rib. I wasn't the biggest fan of it, but I'll recap everything once we're done. I think desserts about to come out. And I love how the show just goes throughout your whole dining experience. And it's character dining and like a dinner show. So, it's like the best of both worlds. We need more shows like this at Disney or more restaurants. Chocolate bars. Chocolate bars. This is the apple cake. Oo, apple cake. And I have the orange one. All righty. Here is the apple cake. Comes with some ice cream on there. Let me get a scoop. Apple cake with ice cream. Wow. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Love is an open door. [Applause] Wow. Into the unknown. Are we in Iowa? [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my lord. Oh my god. [Applause] Woo! Woo! [Applause] What a dawning experience. And I got a pancake. Woo! Woo! That is going to go down as my favorite Disney restaurant of all time. I think it's the total package. The characters going around, the music, the food, everything was delicious. Like I said, the only thing I didn't like so much was the prime rib. It had like a different taste to it. But the pork was fantastic. I had the meatballs. They were pretty good. I had a little bit of everything and I loved it. But the desserts outstanding. Outstanding. The atmosphere, like I was hyped for that. Take care. Have a good one. Talk about how much I love the show. Great. It was great. Right. So, so good. But now we're going to go and uh watch the pirate uh show. We're going to go from here to a show with fireworks. We just came in at the tail end and the atrium was so lit up beautifully. Oh, look at pirate Goofy's over there. Pirate Mickey and Minnie are all doing photo uh meet and greets. I love pirates night. This is so much fun. I had to put the bandana back on to get ready for the uh pirate celebration. Wow, look at how many people are here. That's incredible. It's time to put your hands and hooks together for the most rocking pirates around. [Applause] [Music] Yo ho yo ho yo ho yo ho yo ho yo yo now let's get that sparkling treasure one that son of a jack get yourself down your jacko Captain Captain Jack [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat up [Music] here. [Music] That is such a great show. I ran up here so I can get a picture or a video with like the big Mickey and the bright lights and the fireworks in the background. And I got here just like right at the finale. So I hope I caught some of it cuz it was very beautiful. Yo ho, we're taking over the ship. We're making our way to the rose. I don't think I've ever been in this lounge. Something new. Fancy. Oh, look. There's a rose on the door. Wow, look at the petals. At least the last one hasn't fallen yet. Mrs. pots. Anybody want to chip their glass? Uh, nothing. Okay, thank you. I don't even know how to drink it. [Music] And um, this one is already infused with the tea. Okay. But if you want to taste more of the tea, you can put this tea bag in. Oh, thank you. Well, that was magical, especially with this music. I love the smoke. Sean and Amanda got probably the fanciest drink I've seen on the ship. Cheers. This is teapot. Cheers. Cheers. Pinkies. Where'd you come from behind me? Wait. Yeah, I got the crazy old Maurice. Who's Maurice? And now we have made it back to the room. I loved the pirate fireworks show. I thought it was great. Live music, cannon blast. They even had some smoke effects. It was really, really nice. And I guess it's a wrap for day two. We ended up uh getting some room service, though. That's one of the coolest things about being on a cruise ship is uh it's free room service. So, it's now what, like 2:00 in the morning, and uh we're going to eat a bunch of food. Oh, there's that chicken noodle soup. The soup? I'll tell you what. Chicken noodle soup at 2:00 a.m. No, that's not me. That's for you. That's for me. You didn't get soup for yourself? I mean, Kristen, you can try it. Have you ever had the chicken noodle soup? It's pretty good. Fingers. I can't believe Mr. Cox didn't get chicken noodle soup for himself. Not tonight. I had enough soup over at uh with a fresh baguette. Three soups. Look at that soup. What is wrong with this? I'm just eating some chicken noodle little soup on the edge of my bed. Living the dream with one sock on, one sock off. Let's specify that. Oh my god. The other one slipped off. If I can live every day like this, I would do it. Just can you imagine having room service food delivered to you free? Can you imagine? I wouldn't be. Well, I'm gonna finish eating my chicken noodle soup and my chicken tenders and fries and then call it a night. So, I guess that's a wrap on day two. And uh we'll see you guys tomorrow morning. See you in the morning. And good morning from Castaway Key or Castaway K. I don't know the proper way to say it. Let me know in the comments if you guys know. But there it is. This is the island that we're going to be disembarking to today. And I'm so excited. It looks like it's a pretty nice day weatherwise. Nice and uh sunny, but yet plenty of cloud coverage. It's kind of crazy because I've only been averaging maybe 3 to 4 hours of sleep because we've been staying up all night having fun. And I woke up just like ready to go this morning, not groggy at all, excited to go out and explore the island. And then we have all the Halloween festivities for the Halloween at the high seas tonight. And then we have dinner at uh 1923 tonight, our last uh dinner for the rotational dinner. And I'm so excited. So, it's going to be a pretty fun day. And I think we're going to get dressed and get ready to go to Castaway Key. Time to make our way off the ship. Look at how beautiful it is. You know, being on it for so long, you forget what it looks like on the outside. Before we get to the island, I think I need to pick up a towel. Thank you. Anyone? Oh, yeah. One's good. Oh, thanks. Yo, they got Captain Jack Sparrow giving out towels. Look at the wish in the background there. Well, we have officially made it to Castaway. And I'm not even sure what we're doing today. We might just take it easy and relax. Tonight is when all the Halloween festivities begin. The trick-or-treating, the costume parties. So, I want to save a little energy, but I still want to have a good time. Oh, look at here's Pluto. If I knew they would allow dogs on the island, I would have brought Gracie. Thanks, Pluto. I love your whiskers. 90th It's his 90th. Yeah. No way. 90 years of Pluto. He doesn't look a day over five. It's his dog ears. Wow. As soon as we got off the boat, we're seeing characters all over the place. First Pluto, then Goofy, and now we're hopping in line to meet Mickey. You see the guy? Yeah. Captain, listen. First off, it's not Pluto's 90th, it's his 95th. Oh, 95th. Yes. Wow. Sure. I put that out there. No mistakes. Oh, okay. Well, that's good. I hope the cruise has been doing good for you. Has it been going good? Are you going to swim today? I know. I'm going to I'm going to dip my dogs in the water. Oh, make a sand castle. I see what you're doing. All right. Can we take a photo together? 1 2 3 1 and I'm glad that we got to meet Mickey and the rest of the gang on the island itself. It's so cool. As soon as you get off the boat, they're ready there to take photos before you get wet. And that's what we're going to do now. probably go hop in the ocean. I just want to cool down a little bit. It's pretty hot. My dogs are barking and I'm sweating bullets. I need to cool down. Look at this crystal blue water. Ooh, it's a little cold. I got my crusty Crocs on. Crusty Crocs. We're going in. Oh, man. It feels so good, actually. It's really, really hot and humid out. And you got the water slide and the cruise ship in the distance there. Oh, it feels nice. Oh, hello seaweed. I didn't bring my GoPro with me, so I'm filming on my cell phone, so I can't go underwater and show you guys, but I want to dip my head under. So, I'm going to hold the camera up and then uh, you know, go under for a little bit. Why am I still holding this thing, though? I don't even know. But anyways, that was too close. Everyone's just hanging out in the chairs. Yeah, but I don't want sea water in my truck. This guy's a mess of castway person. Look at this deck. [Music] spritzing. What are you doing? You're always in my shot. Nate, what are you doing right now? Barbecue and swimming. Barbecue and swimming at the same time. It's amazing. I don't know if I've ever seen this before. It's so good. You're the first human in human history to to have this experience. Would you guys like a rip? Honestly, I'll take one. [Music] Well, we hung out in the water for a little bit and I ended up getting a little too much sun. I feel like it's going to get very red later on. But now we want to get out and get some eat at uh Cookies. They have an all you can eat barbecue buffet on the island. They have multiple ones and they have some amazing food. So, going to grab a couple couple ribs, maybe some ribs, some pulled pork, and some chicken. A good combination. Here is a look at the map of the island. This is where the wishes parked. We got off and we walked over here. We took a tram and I think we were swimming like in this area right here, but the adult beach is over here. So, we're going to hop back on the tram and it's going to take us on over there. It's a pretty big island. If you guys watch my Disney Treasure video, we actually rode bikes around the island. We rode bikes from here and we went to this awesome lookout like house there and it was a lot of fun. And we did scuba diving. I wish I could have done a lot more in the water this time, but like I said, I didn't bring my GoPro with me. So, really can't trust the iPhone water resistant inside the ocean. I don't think it's a good idea. Oh, yeah. Look at this. To the adult area. to the adult area. And this is a good way to show the island. Oh boy, here we go. Wow, there's that breeze. Oh, that feels really, really good, actually. Oh, are we going out on the air strip? Yep. This is where we took the bikes. Wow. We're going all the way down there. Oh, yeah. Look at You can see people on the bike path now. That's what we did last time. There it is. There's the bike path and the plane. Look at Donald. It's called the Donald Buster. We're literally driving down an airplane runway right now. Isn't that crazy? And it actually spells castaway in white letters. Like big white letters, so you can see when you're landing. See? See? Okay. That's funny. The island has so many cool activities. Scuba diving, jet skiing. Oh, and they even have hammocks. Wow, look how awesome this is. I really feel like this is a much better beach only because there's not so many like people in it. Like over on the other side, you have all the families. These are all just adults. So, it kind of looks a little bit quieter over here. And you can grab a chair, bring it out on the water, just sit back and relax. I think we're going to go get something to eat though. They have their own uh what do they got? Their own barbecue over here. Cookies, right? This whole place is Kristen's under Yeah, Kristen says she doesn't like this beach and she didn't come with us. I agree. I think this beach is actually very quiet. It's very peaceful. See why the adults come here? Yep. Here is a look at the buffet. We've got a soda machine over there and then they've got a grill. They cook up the steaks and the burgers fresh on a broil. Looking at all the food. What's that? Jerk rotisserie chicken. Pulled pork there. Some ribs. A fried chicken sandwich. I think that's steak there, too, isn't it? Oh, that's the fish. That's the snapper. Mac and cheese, sausage. They got a lot of really good stuff. And they even have cold food, too. Oh, yeah. They got the potato salad, the red skin potato salad, cucumber salad, lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, and then they've got all the bread over here. They even have mini corn muffins. Look. Ooh, and chocolate chip cookies. And then there's a coconut pineapple upside down cake along with a brownie. I'm kind of excited. So, I think we're going to dive on in. Get ourselves a plate. I got some ribs. And look at how beautiful these ribs look. And I also got a ribeye. Like it's so cool that they serve up like whole ribe eyes here. Oh, you can eat ribeye. Only in the adult area. Only in the adult area. The other cookies don't have it. So that's why we came over here. So cheers to the ribs. Look at that. Literally a whole ribeye. And here's the snapper, too. A nice little char on it. And they have like hamburgers and fried chicken sandwiches. But I want the barbecue. I want the meat sweats. Yo, you're we're both sweating on this. I I'm I'm roasting right now. Zero meat needed. A slot of sweat happening. It's a It's a hot day here on Castaway. And it's better than being up north in the freezing cold. I'll take it. And now a little pineapple upside down cake. You got to watch out for these birds. They'll get your food if you leave it attended just for a second. They actually have a whole team out here just waiting to grab food off the table. Sir, why are you exposed? I left one rib down and a whole flock of birds came and started fighting for that rib. They really did. I didn't think seagulls like ribs or birds. So I mean it's just I mean they're getting free, you know, free food. I mean I I believe the line would be drawn at the cornbread, but ribs. Well, I think that's enough of Casta Away for the day. We spent several hours just floating in the water and it was really relaxing, but I got a lot of sun. I think I'm going to start making my way back to the ship so we can get ready for the Halloween festivities. Some trick-or-treating and then dinner at 1923. And I'm excited. That's one of my favorite restaurants on the treasure and probably going to be on the wish even though it's going to be hard to top Arendelle. Actually, I don't think it's going to top Arendelle. Arendelle is still going to be my number one. There she is. The Wish. I'm coming back for you, baby. Now we are back in the room and I am as red as a lobster. Look at this. Holy moly. Everyone got sunburnt. I used sunscreen this time too and it did not help. But we have to start getting ready for the Halloween festivities. I'm not even sure what to expect. I know there's going to be some trick-or-treating, some characters. And I brought a costume with me. I'm going to be Jack Skellington. Look at this. Isn't it perfect? And I got a Roosevelt shirt that I can put on for it. And uh then we got to go to 1923. I'm not too sure if I'll wear the mask at 1923, though. I don't think it'll fit well. I mean, I'll I'll judge it. See how everyone's wearing see if anyone else got their costumes. But I like it. I'm not the only one that dressed up. Look at Mr. Claus. Or should I say Mr. Eisner? I am. Look at this. I had an inspirational photo that hopefully Nate will pop up right here that gave me this costume idea. It's such a great This sweatshirt is a vintage one. This is not This is nothing reproduced. That's the real deal. It is. I had to pay hundred and some dollars for it. I don't want to talk about it. Michael Eisner would be proud merchandise. Merchandise. Just so you guys know, I read that mask are okay as long as you're stationary and taking a photo. You can't walk around with the mask. So, I'm going to have to be taking it on and off. On and off. We have to pick up a bag to get some candy. Oh, happy Halloween. Trick or treat. Oh, it's already loaded. Look at this in here. Wow. All right, it's another treat stop here. And they just give you another bag of candy. [Music] Happy Halloween. Trick or treat. Oh, I get another bag. Look at that. Wow. I bet you if we pick up three or four more of these bags, we're going to probably fill a bag. I don't know if each bag has different candy in it. I'm pretty sure it does cuz it looks like I got peanut butter M&M's in one and then regular M&M's in the other. So, I think we're going to get another bag. Trick or treat. Trick or treat. My hands are Oh my lord. Let's see. Let it rain. Let it rain. Thank you. You're welcome. Have a great one. That guy hooked me up with so much candy, but there's about four or five different tables out there and they're all just giving out the bags. As you noticed though, while we were walking around the hallways, some of the doors have trick-or-treating actually on the doors. So, I think we're going to go up to one of the doors and do a little trickor treat. Look at some of these doors. Look at that one right there. It's so shiny. You guys see the Haunted Mansion one? There's a Haunted Mansion one? Right on the other side. Oh, we'll have to go look at it then. Where are we going knocking? I You know what? I think I know a special place that's giving out some good candy. The big chocolate bars. The big ones. Oh, yeah. We're going to definitely do some more Halloween activities later on. But I love how the whole ship basically transformed. Like, we woke up today and all the music that they've been playing has been Halloween music. And even in the uh main deck there by the pool, they're putting on Halloween movies. And I think I found the best door of the cruise. Look at this. Yo, they went all out. They got some candy in there. I feel like we should leave candy. Yeah, I'm going to leave my candy. I don't candy. Let's Let's look. Cuz like some some doors have little like little pouches that you can leave candy at. Oh, yeah. I I think I got a good one. This is the one. Oh yeah. Let's go trick-or-treating. Right here. Trick or treat. Trick or treat. Oh my god. Hi. Where's Kristen? All they gave us is some gold chocolate coins. I wanted the good stuff. But I'm only kidding. That was our friend Amanda and Kristen's room. You're not really supposed to trickor treat at the rooms. You know, I don't think that's allowed. So, just want to put that little disclaimer out there. Who would win in a battle? Goofy or Donald Duck? Goofy. Put one for me, too. [Music] All right. I can't believe Donald Duck is actually winning this. Let me know in the comments who you think would win in a battle. Goofy or Donald. They also have some really awesome Halloween popcorn buckets and zippers. Look at the Jack Skellington one. This one has OogieOogie on it. Oh, wait. Does it have OogieOogie? Those just like sit on there. Oh, wow. Look at that. That's so cool. How much are these? So, these 22 $6 $6 you can get an Oogie Boogie. Also, some of the characters are out doing photos in their Halloween costumes. Look at the lines here. A look at Mickey there. That's awesome. I love it. I'm just going to grab you. Wow. And I think there's more too down here. Oh, wow. We just got into the elevator and there's little surprises. People were pixie dusting uh other people in the elevators. Halloween on the high seas. A little pixie dust from Stephanie room 2560. And look, something over here too. What is that? R from one of the Is that R? Uhhuh. We've been walking around checking out all of the Halloween festivities. Lots of characters dressed up in costumes. The trick-or-treating is a lot of fun. But now it's time for the good stuff. First, we have Mickey's mouse parade party. And then we have dinner at 19:23. And then right after that at 1000 p.m. tonight, it's Oogie Boogiey's villainish night villainish villainous nighttime bash. And that I am so excited for. It's what inspired me to be Jack Skellington. So now for Mickey's mouse parade party. Look at how awesome this looks. Oh boy. I think it's starting. Disney Wish, welcome to Mickey's Masquerade Party. Are you ready for some Halloween fun? Yeah. Mickey Mouse. Hi everybody. Gosh, looks like we made it. Talk about ghouishly good timing. And wow, a great job on all the costumes. As you can see, we got into the spirit of things, too. So, what do you say? Are we all dressed up and ready to do the masquerade dance? Cuz here we go. Let's welcome Minnie Mouse and Dale. It's Pluto. Oh my lord. And Daisy and Donald. Wow. Let's go. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and we'll come down and say see you soon everybody and happy Halloween. All right, we want to see all of your [Applause] [Music] [Applause] time everybody. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Now you're in those two. Now, I think we're going to have a little bit of a downfall. I think I'm going to see you down the middle. The Mickey Mouse parade party was so much fun. And I love that the characters came off stage and started dancing with everyone. The music was great. All the uplighting. I'm super excited for the OogieOogie like nighttime bash. But before that, we got dinner at 1923. So, I had to run up to the room cuz I wanted to wear a Mickey Mouse shirt. I didn't want to go as Jack Skellington. And I'm excited. We're going to eat some steak, just hang out, you know, just like Walt and Roy would do. And here it is, 1923. And this is cool because the restaurant celebrates Walt and Roy Disney. And you have two separate dining rooms. You have the Walt Disney dining room and the Roy Disney. I don't know which one we're in, but I'm excited. Oh, I think we got the Walt Disney dining room. Hi. Happy Halloween. Oh yeah, look at right here we got a nice table. But I love all of the like Disney history. They have a lot on display in both of the dining rooms. Oh, look at this. Is all dedicated to Tangle right here. That's so fancy. You go around and you'll see all the different displays. Oh wow, look at these chairs. I might have to take my hat off for this place. Look at these plates. If I could fit that in my bag, I probably would. They got to sell these, right? That is like one of the coolest looking plates I think I've ever seen. Here is a look at the menu. They've got some pretty good appetizers. They've got tuna, duck conf. And then for uh soups, they've got a corn chowder and a tomato soup. You know, I have to get the corn chowder. And then the entre. They have a nice little pasta dish, a salmon, chicken, but their signature 1923 prepped filet file. The filet meion. I got to go with that. So I think I'm going to get the fillet, the chicken, the corn chowder, and the duck. I'm kind of sad this is our last dinner on the cruise. But I think we've had some pretty amazing meals and I definitely ate a lot of food, but that's what you do on a cruise. You know, you eat food, you relax, have fun, and uh this is going to be a memorable one. I'm so excited. I want to do a lot more. The appetizers have arrived. Here is the duck confe. Look at this. It looks so fancy. I don't know what this sauce is, but it kind of looks like a dessert. And then here is the corn chowder. Oh, this actually looks pretty good. I love me a little chowder. Chowder. I think we're going to start with the chowder. And I like how you see like big like corn kettles in there. I like to see the corn in my chowder. Let's cut into this duck here. I want to see what's on the inside. Is this like a little flaky crust that they got? Is it like a duck hot pocket? Oh, I think that's what it is. Look at that. There's a like actual duck in there. The duck is like wrapped in a buttery flaky crust. And I like that. Look it. I don't know what the sauce is. I probably should have read it. I I mean, even if I read it, I wouldn't know what it meant. So, here we go. [Music] Wow. I like it all, including the sauce. This is actually amazing for me. I don't even need duck like that. Wow. The main event has arrived. Here's the fillet. And then here is the chicken. The chicken actually looks incredible. Look at all the charice and seasoning on there. Thank you. And I don't know what that sauce is they just poured on the steak, but I liked it. And I like the presentation. And look, the green beans are wrapped in bacon and the mashed potatoes are like a little log. Let's dive into this steak first. And it looks like it's a pretty good fillet. You know, I'm a ribeye guy, but this is cooked pretty well. So, we'll we'll find out. The steak was delicious. And I love whatever that sauce is. It really, really is good. Now, I think I'm going to turn my attention to the chicken. The chicken is actually a huge portion. I thought it was bone in, but that's just a chicken breast itself. And uh I'm excited cuz it looks like it's nicely seasoned. Look at that. What you guys seeing on the back side, it's always better on the back side when you get all the flavors like down below. So, here we go. I take that back. It is bone in. I found a drumstick at the end there. I had no idea. I just cut from the top there. there. So, I hope I didn't need a bone. Oh, but here's a good look. You can actually see all that flavor in there. Very delicious. I'm impressed with 1923. And here I am wearing my chicken around. Why you throwing your chicken around like that? The desserts have made their way to the table. Look at that 1923 sundae. And then we've got the blueberry, I think, custard. And then I got the almond cake and then churros. We got a little bit of everything. I'm diving on into this almond cake. It actually came ac uh came apart very easily. Very soft almond cake. The dessert the desserts actually just came out, but I want to show you. It's okay. The almond cake is pretty good, but I feel like there's other better desserts. The ice cream sundaes are looking fantastic. I kind of wish I got an ice cream sundae. Sean's already I know. Why are you guarding it like I'm going to take some? He's like He's literally protecting that ice cream sundae with everything he's got. Listen, 1923 was really, really good. I love how you just sit in there and relax. And I love the whole idea behind the the restaurant itself. And the food was good. The fillet and that corn chowder and the duck. Those were some of the best meals I've actually had on the ship. But now it's time to make our way up to OogieOogie. I was going to run upstairs and grab my Jack Skeleton mask, but we're running a little late. Oh, it looks cool in here. I don't even think I've ever been in this side of the ship. We all have a little bit inside of us, don't we? [Music] Oh, I see. Oogie Boogie. Think of Snake and Spider. Oh, yes. I love this villa you're exploring. Yes, indeed. Close those eyes. What? What are you looking at? What's the matter? What are you looking at? You really think that's how it works? I am the shadow with [Music] you. Well, of course we really your worst nightmare. [Applause] Wow. [Applause] On the wall [Music] of it all. Well, the OogieOogie Bash was a lot of fun. It was great to see OogieOogie out dancing with all the guests and the music was cool, the lights. It was a nice little Halloween treat. Now, I think we're gonna have to call it a night. I'm feeling a little rund down and I think the sunburn is probably causing a lot of it. 1923 was amazing. All the food I loved and I still think Arendelle is my number one. Like, it was just so amazing. 1923 probably right behind it. And then the Worlds of Marvel, I mean, it's all right. You got to really love Marvel. And the food is good. The concept is good, but like the other two just outshine it by so much. Overall, I had a wonderful cruise and I'm glad that I was able to make this video. I'm sorry if it's not like so put in sequence like uh I normally do, but uh I was just really having a great time with my friends, hanging out, and I wanted to share uh all of my experiences with you. Tomorrow we uh leave the ship. We might grab breakfast, but I don't know. We might do the express checkout. I mean, I could probably stay on here for like another three to four days. Like, no lie. And I really wish we could do another trip to Castaway cuz that was like my favorite part. We were just relaxing and hanging and just enjoying, you know, each other's companies. But, uh, I hope you guys enjoyed the video because I enjoyed making it. And, uh, I guess we're going to head home back to Florida. So, bye.
