---
video_id: 4G1R7uj2YMg
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Animal Kingdom 2025 | Park Update: DinoLand Is GONE & Yak & Yeti Restaurant ￼| Disney World"
published: 2025-10-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4G1R7uj2YMg
---
Hey friends, today we are going to Disney's Animal Kingdom and I am so excited. There are a bunch of big changes happening in the park and I want to show you around a little bit. We're going to try some of the new snacks, check out the construction for the tropical Americas and dine at one of my favorite restaurants in Animal Kingdom. So, we're going to eat some food, ride some rides, and have a beautiful Animal Kingdom kind of day. Anywho, let's go do this. I cannot believe it's October already. This is my favorite time of the year to come to the parks. The temperatures are in the low70s. It's very breezy and it feels like fall in Animal Kingdom, and I'm excited to explore around and share all of my experiences with you. I feel like the parks have been super slow the past couple of weeks. So hopefully really low weight times today and we can ride a bunch of rides, but like I mentioned, we got reservations at one of my favorite restaurants in the park, the Yak and Yeti. And I haven't eaten there in a while. And I hear they've got some new food on the menu. And I think we might start by making our way over to Dino Land USA so I can show you the construction uh for the new tropical Americas. And they also have a new map for the park. And they honestly took basically all of Dino Land out. I mean, it's going away permanently, but it's uh officially off the map. I always love checking out the maps because they keep updating them to make sure everything is correct in the park. And you know, most of Dino Land USA is closed right now. And you can see actually inside the map itself, they have like a little tiny section still labeled Dino Land USA, but it's just a big patch of green and then the Dino Institute all by itself. And isn't that kind of crazy? This is where like Primeval World was and where they're going to be putting the Tropical Americas and the new Encanto ride. It just looks so different over there. Now, a lot of Dino Land USA is already closed, but Disney announced that all of Dino Land is going to be closing February 1st, 2026. So, just in under like 5 months, it's going to be closed for good. And they've already started the construction of the Tropical Americas. That's what's replacing uh Dino Land USA. And they're going to have an Encanto attraction along with Indiana Jones going into where Dinosaur is right now. And uh it looks like they're making a lot of progress. So, I figured we'd start there and then make our way maybe down to Expedition Everest. It's kind of crazy seeing all the construction and the empty space once you cross over the bridge here. Normally, you would see, you know, Primeval World in the distance there, but now they've got walls up blocking everything off. They've got the big machinery there and a sign that says soon tropical Americas. They recently closed the kids play area. I think it was called the boneyard. And they had to reroute the flow of traffic to get to Dinosaur and Restaurantosaurus. So, there's a lot of walls and a lot of construction happening over here. Now that the boneyard is closed, like I said, they kind of rerouted the traffic to get over to Dinosaur. You can't go right after Thrillo bites. And they actually have a sign of the tropical Americas along with the concept art of what it's going to look like. Look right this way. Dino Land USA, Dinosaur and Restaurantosaurus. These are the only two things left. And uh this is it. This is what the Tropical Americas is going to look like. I'm excited to see what it looks like once it's all finished and completed. Look at this. Is going to be where Indiana Jones is. And then they have the restaurant here, a carousel down in the corner, and then the Encanto ride. And this just looks beautiful. And I can't wait to see what the ride is actually like. So, I'm excited. Let me know in the comments what you guys think. Now, I think we're going to keep moving along. I do want to stop over to Dinosaur. I actually kind of want to see where we have to go to get there cuz like we're kind of walking around it. Like I said, let me know in the comments what you guys think of the uh Tropical of America's transformation. I love Indiana Jones, so I'm excited, but I'm going to miss Dinosaur. I'm going to miss it a lot, and I'll definitely ride it before it officially closes on February 1st. Right now, I just kind of want to see where this takes us. Where do we have to go to get to Dino? It looks like you have to walk around the area the boneyard used to be. But take a look at that pile of dirt. And also look at the size of that crane up there. Holy moly. But this is the way you get over to uh Restaurantosaurus. Maybe we'll stop in and grab a quick snack. I don't think Restaurantosaurus has anything new on the menu. But Dino Bites is still open and that's where they have like a seasonal ice cream sandwich. So maybe we'll check that out. But I just wanted to show you a little little bit of the lay of the land. A little lay of the land. Dino Bites is right over there. And this is where the construction walls end. So, this whole area is closed off. This is where the big crocodile used to be on the other side of this. I hope they find a good spot for him. And over here is restaurantosaurus. I'm going to miss this area though because I really did like the theming. You know what I mean? It looks really, really cool. Home of the Impossible Burger. And like I said, I don't know if they got anything new on the menu. Here's today's menu. Looks like they got a cheeseburger, a fried chicken sandwich. They do have milkshakes, but I think maybe we'll uh see what Dino Bites has. I love this place over here. And like I said, they usually have a seasonal ice cream sandwich. A nice little ice cream sandwich. They actually have an annual passholder exclusive Sunday. The totally sweet sundae. Butter pecan ice cream topped with hot fudge, caramel, peacans, and it looks really fancy. So, I think we're going to get that. And here it is, the Totally Sweet Sundae. It's supposed to be a passholder exclusive, but it's not like they asked for my pass or anything, but they had me at butter pecan ice cream. And there's also candy pecans on it, too. It melts pretty quick, but it's it's it's a big sundae. Oh, boy. Oh, no. I think my I think the I'm losing the integrity of my waffle bowl here, so we might as well dive on in. I'm excited. I love a little ice cream. Nothing like a a totally sweet sundae to start the day. Oh yeah. Get a little bit of everything in a bite. [Music] That's a little too much. There we go. All of my friends make fun of me and they say I have like a grandpa taste for ice cream because I like, you know, butter pecan and pistachio flavors. And this is so good. Especially if you like butter pecan. I don't know how to say. Is it butter pecan or butter pecan? Either way, it's a very nice treat, and it's cool to see some passholder uh snacks. Ice cream is always so tricky to eat in Florida because it melts so quick. You got to do it fast. And I think, like I said, the waffle bowl is starting to get a little soggy because uh the ice cream's melting. But I kind of like it that way. I'm not going to lie. I don't like it too crunchy. I like it like a little soft texture. I'm going to take a little bite. There we go. That did not work like I thought it was. But either way, very delicious and I'm glad we got to try it. So, let's keep moving along and uh maybe start making our way down to Expedition Everest. Enough of the ice cream business. I had to go wash my face cuz I got ice cream all in my beard. But it was delicious. And as I was snacking away, I pulled up the wait times for today. And it is so dead in the park. Listen to this. Dinosaur 10-minute wait. Cali River Rapids 10 minutes. Kilimanjaro 10 minutes. Expedition Everest 15 minutes. Na'vi River 35. And Avatar Flight of Passage 45 minutes. So, I think we're going to go ride Expedition Everest and maybe a couple more rides, but there's still a lot of other things I want to show and talk to you about that's happening here at Animal Kingdom. But first, Everest. I love Expedition Everest. I just want to feel something. in Everest. It always makes me feel something. And I also love just sitting here watching people come down the big hill. It's really a good spot in case like you don't ride and you want to watch your friends come down the big hill. This is a good spot to get a photo. I think they're coming out any second now. I just heard the Yeti. Here it is. Oh, and here it comes. We got lucky row number one. I like riding the front and the back equally. Oh, look. There's a train over there. Oh, wow. I love this beginning part, too. It's so peaceful. [Music] It's going to be that bad though. [Applause] Oh boy. Heat. the track. Wow, look at that view. You can see Tower of Terror, Epcot. Oh boy. Got to hang on to the hat. Here we go. Oh boy. [Music] It's shaking me like a dog. Now my camera's upside down. Oh no, not the Yeti. Now my hair is all messed up. Yo, Expedition Everest really does get your heart racing. I could definitely say I feel something now. And it was awesome that it was a walk on. I mean, I did single rider, but uh the standby literally had like just a 5minute wait. And now since we're in this area, I think I want to go say hi to Boxo, uh, the somatan tiger cub here at Animal Kingdom. Recently, he just turned 1, his first birthday, and Disney invited me out to a special birthday celebration for him, and I had so much fun. I posted an Instagram reel and a YouTube short if you guys haven't seen it, but I just want to swing by and see how he's doing. Little one-year-old cub. You can find him here on the jungle track. And look at this. Monkeys, tigers, and dragons. Instead of lions, tigers, and bears, it's monkeys, tigers, and dragons. And yes, we have dragons. There's actually a lot more than monkeys, tigers, and dragons on this track. In fact, a lot of people don't talk about the bat house. There's literally a little house that you go into that has gigantic bats in it, and they're not caged up. They're just literally like hanging there right right above your heads. And it's really cool. So, we'll we'll spot some animals and see uh say hi to our good friend Boxo. Oh, here it is. You can tell by the bats on the top there. And you have to go inside, too. I feel like this doesn't get a lot of attention. I feel like bats are just such a cool species of animals. Oh, yeah. Look at they have like this little cage wiring here, but then nothing actually right here. And they're just hanging out here. Yo, what are those bats doing up there? Wow, look at that wingspan. Holy moly, that is incredible. Look, I zoomed in a little bit, but we're not that far away from them. Literally right here. That's kind of crazy. Well, we'll see you later, bat. I love that bat house. I think it's so cool seeing them spread their wings, and they have a huge wingspan. But enough of the bat business. Let's go see some tigers and our good pal Boxo. And you know, a lot of people don't know that Boxo is actually a very critically endangered species of tiger, a somatan tiger cub. There's fewer than 600 of them left in the wild. And bako itself means meatball in Indonesian. So, he's a little meatball. And I hope we get to see him playing around. [Music] Look at how adorable that is. [Music] enjoying being one. And he's so adorable watching him play with his mom like that. What a little meatball. I was going to wear like a Tiger Roosevelt shirt, but they don't make that type of pattern. I have the jumpsuit that I got in Japan, but it's a little too hot out for that. Instead, I'm wearing my uh New York Comic-Con exclusive from last year because I'm going back to New York next week with Roosevelt's for New York ComicCon and I hope to see some of you there. If you want to come say hi, I'll put a link in the description with all of the Roosevelt events you might see me pop up at and a little meet and mingle. And I'm excited. Now, we're going to keep moving along and uh get ready for Yak and Yeti and who knows, maybe some more rides, some more snacks. I'm having a great time today. Another big change happening in the park I want to talk about before we make our way to the Yak and Yeti is the tree of life. As most of you know, it's tough to be a bug. The show Inside is closed and it's getting replaced with a new Zootopia show. And Disney announced that they're going to be debuting the new Zootopia show November 7th. Next month, we're getting a new show inside the Tree of Life Theater. And I'm so excited for it. I'm just going to miss It's a Bug Life. I'm going to miss Hopper and also The Sting. You know how it stings you in the back? I wonder if they're going to have any other aspects like that for the new Zootopia show. But I'll come out and uh show you guys when it does debut. I'm excited. Like I said, it fits perfectly here with all the animals. And now I think it's time to make our way to the Yakin Yeti. To the Yaken Yeti. The Yaken Yeti is a really cool themed restaurant. Inside they have a bunch of treasures from Asia and it's a little dark and probably very loud. But the food is amazing. And if you have a Landre's card because it's a Landre's restaurant, you get priority seating, so you don't even need a reservation to eat there. And I'm excited. We got a reservation anyway. So, we're going to start making our way in and uh hopefully get some good food. And here it is. The Yak and Yeti restaurant. Conditioned air. Fine food and drinks. I love this restaurant. And like I said, I haven't been here in a while. Here's a look at the menu. They have a big variety and a little bit of something for everyone. You can see they've got some habachi steak and shrimp. They've got burgers, barbecue ribs, a ribeye. They even have a plant burger. So, I think we'll get a nice little sampling of everything. Some noodles, some meat, even some of these small plates. I do love pot stickers. I think I've decided on getting an order of pot stickers and then they have a habachi steak and shrimp like combo meal where you get coconut shrimp steak vegetables and rice. So that sounds like a good combination. Steak, shrimp, pot stickers, rice, vegetables, a little bit of everything. And just like that, the pot stickers have arrived. You can get them seared or steamed. I ended up getting them seared. I like a little crunchy pot sticker. And these look so good. Full of lots of meat in there. And uh we might as well dive on in. I like the steamed ones. I asked them if I can do a little half and half and they said no. But you can see it's got a nice little sear to it. Nice little sear to it. So I'm going to try it with the sauce. We're going to give it a little dip and a bite. M. Look at that. I almost took a sip of this. That would have not been good. I think I read that it was $12.99 for this app. So that means like the pot stickers are like $2.50 a piece, which you know that's like the average Disney price. But I like them a lot. I don't know what this stuff is though. I don't even know if it's edible. I'm going to find out. Sometimes I can never really tell what's just a garnish or what's edible. But I think these are edible. I think I've had them before. Yeah, they're crunchy. I don't know what they are, but I like them. Here is the habachi steak and shrimp. And this steak looks phenomenal. Look at the grill marks. We got coconut shrimp, jasmine rice, and then they said that this is like a coconut mustard. So, I might give it a little try. But they also brought out some sweet chili with the shrimp cuz they said it goes well together. And I'm excited. This actually looks like a delicious steak. First, let's dive on into this coconut shrimp. And look at that. I like how they split them already. I'm going to pinch the tail and then we're going to dive on in. It kind of feels like I'm getting two shrimp for the price of one. The shrimp is delicious and it's not over battered and it's got a nice little crunchy taste to it. I like it a lot and I honestly feel like I would get this again. I think they have it as like a solo entree. Even if you don't like steak, I would get a whole plate of shrimp. But let's get to this steak. And look at that. I love a good char on any steak. I asked for mine medium and it looks really nicely cooked. So, uh, might as well dive on in. [Music] Oh, something special about this. I can't pinpoint exactly what it is, but it definitely has some kind of season or it was like marinated in the something for a long time because it packs a lot of flavor and I kind of like it. Kind of tastes a little teriyak-ish. A little teriyak-ish. I like that. A little steak and shrimp combo. Even the vegetables look good. We got some carrots, snow peas, zucchini, and squash in there. I don't know what else there is. Kind of looks like a tomato. But overall, the whole meal is amazing. I love the steak. I love the shrimp. I love the pot stickers. And I'll definitely come back here again. Like I said, I think this is one of my favorite restaurants in Animal Kingdom. And uh I like it a lot. Well, Yak and Yeti was amazing. I enjoyed my steak and shrimp. And the pot stickers were phenomenal. Sorry, it was probably a little dark and loud in there. And I was thinking about getting dessert, but I figured we can explore around the park more and maybe grab dessert somewhere else. And plus, they give you a free fortune cookie. So, I'm going to open it up. I want to see what my fortune is. And I wish that it said uh like yak and yeti on the fortune cookie cuz that would be like a good souvenir. But it just says golden bowl. Golden bowl. I'm going to crack on in. Let's see what this says. Anticipate the achievements that await you. I like that. Good fortune. Oh, what's the back say? Learn Chinese beef fried rice. New Raulin. New Rouulin. Lucky numbers are 41, 48, 8, 18, 28, and 48. Wait a second. Now I made my way down to Kilamanjaro Safaris and it only has a 5minute wait but I think I might be doing the last safari of the night. It's 6:15 now and uh we're going to walk on and I think the safari closes at 6:30. So we're either going to be the last safari or pretty close to the last. The park itself closes at 7:00 p.m. Like I said, Kilamanjaro Safaris closes at 6:30, but I think we could probably get another two or three rides in. Believe it or not, everything's a walk-on. Even Na'vi River Journey is only a 10-minute wait. And Flight of Passage is 25 minutes. So, we could do the Safari and Flight of Passage and Na'vi River all before 7:00 p.m. Hopefully, fingers crossed. It is a little rainy out. It keeps on raining on and off. That's why I kind of look all fogged up, but uh I think we can do it. It's now 6:26, so I definitely think we're going to be getting one of the last safaris of the night. And also, I noticed there's a little squish Zazu down on the ground there. It looks like he got run over by one of the safari vehicles. Look at that. I think it's a stuffed animal, but immediately I was like, "Oh no, not Zazu. Not Zazu." I think I overestimated our timing cuz it's past 6:30 now. So, I don't know how much we're going to get done. Sorry, guys. Let's make sure to always look into the bushes. Look into the bushes. Seeing a couple more of them all the way on top of the hill. Yeah, the left hand side I like to call them the African ducks. I don't have any other facts. Oh, look at those ducks. Beautiful blue feather that they have on one of their sides. Coming on the left hand side are the beautiful, beautiful greater flamingos. Flamingos actually hatch with a gray color and they get that beautiful, beautiful pink when they reach maturity, which is about 2 years later. the beautiful, very tiny, but fully grown Nigerian dwarf goats, but it seems that they have been taken back inside for the rest of the night. They provide our warden with very sweet and nutritious milk. And if you guys ever see them, if you guys come back and see them bumping heads, don't be afraid. They're not fighting. That's just how they like to high five. I feel kind of bad because I don't know how much I'm going to be able to show you of Kil Mjaro Safaris because there was no animals. I guess it's not really the best idea to come for the last safari of the night. It looks like most of them were already in bed for the night. And like I kind of liked it. It was cool just driving around, but like there were no animals. In fact, I think I saw more humans than animals. I mean, we got to see some ducks and some wild the beast, but no giraffes, no rhinos. And uh it was kind of funny that the uh driver was like talking about the animals and like giving real fun facts, but they weren't there. Like I don't think I've ever seen a safari quite like it. And I kind of enjoyed it. I mean, minus not seeing the animals, but it was definitely an experience. And now I think the park is almost closed. Like it's about 6:49, so we got 11 minutes. We could try to do another ride, but I'm not that fast. I don't think I'll make it to Pandora. So maybe we should just call it a day and start making our way out of the park. Like I said, I feel really bad. I don't even know what I'm going to be able to put in cuz there wasn't any animals in there. If I ended up just putting in some ducks, just know that the animals are already sleeping. Sleeping animals. I suppose we can start making our way out like I said. But maybe I might want to stop into some of the merchandise locations and see if they've got any new merch. I hear there's some farewell dinosaur merchandise, so I might want to see if I can find it. I don't know if it's going to be here or at the gift shops up front. This is the shop right next to the safari. They usually have some really cool clothes in here and things that, you know, you wouldn't actually see in other spots. A lot of National Geographic. Like, look at this lion shirt right there. That's pretty cool. And then they've got uh giraffes and zebras. All the things that I thought I was going to see on the safari. Oh, and they have a nice Lion King section. My mom made me buy these. Actually, my mom made me buy all three of these. They're in my house and uh she always looks at as her little friends. Oh, look at this little statue right here of the Lion King. Wow. 30th anniversary statue for $129. They got a couple of them over there, but I don't see any dinosaur stuff. I love how I said before we got on Kiljaros, maybe we can get two or three more rides in and now the park is closed. But it's nice walking through here and there's like nobody around. I really wish they bring back the animal kingdom at night. They used to be open much later like when it was dark out and it was so cool walking around here at night and even they had a Kilamanjaro safaris that did like a sunset safari and it was amazing. One day I hope they bring it back. I mean, what's the point of having Pandora with the bioluminescence if it's not open at night? Like, I would love to go down there and just like wait until it gets dark out, but we got a couple of hours and the park's closed now. Sadly, I stopped to see if they had any of the dinosaur merchandise, but I couldn't find any. So, I guess it's on home to Gracie. Homeward bound. Oh, there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, she's definitely looking a lot better, isn't she? What are you doing? What are you doing? Gracie is definitely feeling a lot better. If you guys didn't know, she got hurt at the dog park the other day and she was out of commission for a couple of days. No major injuries, just like a pulled muscle in her leg. But she was so confused. dogs, you know, whenever they get injured and especially gray seed, uh, I feel like they get very vulnerable because they feel like they can't protect themselves and, you know, it's a really hard thing to go through. So, I took a couple days off from filming just so I can be by her side. And it's kind of funny because I love her and if anything ever happened to her, I would just be so heartbroken. So, I get super anxious like whenever something like this happens and like my first like initial thought is like I got to get her to the hospital. I gotta, you know, take her to the vet. Uh, you know, and uh usually what happens in that case scenario, especially with Gracie, cuz she has done this a couple of times. You bring her like to the vet and she has like a, you know, a limp or something like that and then the second she gets in that vet office she's like everything's fine. Nope, I'm doing good. because they get so nervous and they don't want to show a weakness uh whenever they're afraid of something. So, ultimately, she ended up pulling a muscle in her like the back of her leg. So, uh she just needed to rest a couple of days, but the way she was like kind of like smooching up to me and like being like so like needy, it was so adorable. You want dinner, huh? Who wants dinner? You want dinner? Yeah. You want dinner? Who's a good girl? Who's a good girl? It's so funny because she is such a ball of energy now. She spent a couple of days where she literally just laid around and basically recovered and it's like night and day, like honestly. But I'm happy to have her back as her normal self. And I hope you guys enjoyed the video today. I had a lot of fun at Animal Kingdom. You know, we got to check out the Dino Land Construction, ride Everest, go to the Yak and Yeti. I wish I got to show you some animals on the safari, but that's a first for me. Either way, like I said, I kind of enjoyed it and it was really cool like hearing the like uh the the driver talk about the animals and like being like, "Oh, you know, uh giraffes." And there was no giraffes anywhere in sight. Like they were all back in bed. And uh it was cool though because like she didn't she didn't shy away. She just kept on going. And I thought that was awesome. And uh now you know we're back home and uh it's time to just call it a night. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it and uh we'll see you next time and hopefully see you in New York. See you in New York.
