---
video_id: 5bZ-f4rfn3E
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Springs 2025: NEW Gideon’s Cookie, Christmas Fun & Decorating My Tree | Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bZ-f4rfn3E
---
Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Disney Springs and I am so excited. It is officially December. So, I wanted to come out and try the new cookies of the month at Gideon's Bake House, show you all of the holiday festivities, maybe do a little Christmas shopping, and then after that, I finally think I want to put up my Christmas tree and bring you guys along with me. So, we're going to eat some cookies, do some Christmas decorating, and have a beautiful Disney Springs kind of day. Anywh who, let's go do this. It is such a beautiful day out today. Temperatures are in the low 60s and I'm excited to check out all the holiday festivities here at the Springs. They have the Christmas tree trail, a lot of really cool holiday snacks. And like I said, I got some Christmas shopping to do. So, it's going to be a fun day and I can't wait to share all of my experiences with you. I'm excited to do a little Christmas decorating at my house with you guys later on. And I definitely want to check out some of the ornaments and Christmas home decor while we're here. But like I said, first let's make our way over to Gideon's. They have two cookies this month because they have the Chris Kringle and the Krampus. So I think we're going to get them both. And here is a look at the Gideon's menu for the month of December. I love the artwork on the front this month. And like I mentioned, they have two cookies for the month of December for the holidays. They've got the uh Chris Kringle and the Krampus. I've had both of these cookies before and they're amazing. But they also have a Krampus cold brew and a special Christmas cake slice. So, I decided on getting it all. I think we're going to start with the Krampus cold brew, which is a mint chocolate cold brew. And you guys know how I always talk about the packaging at Gideonss. Take a look at this. You can either choose to be naughty or nice. Isn't that awesome? Gideon's literally excels with like their packaging and the way that they, you know, brand things. So, let's give it a go. I think I'm going to be a little naughty. A little naughty for the Krampus cold brew. Oh, that is so delicious. I love mint chocolate things. I love mint chocolate chip ice cream. This is going to go good with the coffee. I mean, this is going to go good with the cookies. You know, you got to have the good coffee cookie combo. I'm excited. The cold brew was delicious. Now, I want to move on to the hot cocoa cake slice. Look at this. And I love how they put a little fork in here for you. I love the cake slices at Gideon's. I feel like they're definitely under uh valued because of how good the cookies are. But look at that beauty. A nice hot cocoa cake slice. And I love how it has bits of marshmallow in there. This is going to be good. They make it so easy. So once you're done, you can just pack it up and take it with you. But I'm going to take a nice piece. I want to get a lot of marshmallow and a lot of frosting. Oh my lord. Look at that. Look at the marshmallows there. I don't think I've ever had a hot cocoa cake slice before, so I'm excited to try. Here we go. M. The hot cocoa cake slice is so delicious. The chocolate is nice and rich and the marshmallow frosting has such a really cool like kind of marshmallow consistency. And I love it. I'm so glad we got a little bit of everything to try. This is our last cookie review of the year. The last Gideon's cookie of 2025. I've tried every single cookie of the month this year at Gideon's. And I plan to keep on doing it in 2026. As long as you guys still want to watch the videos and the Christmas cookies this year, they're the same as all the other years. I already know which one I like more. It's always the Chris Kringo. So, I think I'm going to start with the Krampus first. Here it is. Look at this. The Krampus cookie. And this comes with thin mints inside of it. Look at how delicious all of the toppings are. Gideon's really is so superb with the cookies. So, here we go. Time to break on into the Krampus. Oh, look at that. I want to make sure I get a nice good bite. The Krampus cookie is very chocolatey, but it's got that nice little mint taste to it. And if you uh mix it with the Krampus cold brew, it's like double the mint, double the pleasure. Isn't that a gum commercial? The Chris Kringle cookie, I think, sits at my second favorite Gideon's cookie of all time. Number one is still the banana bread one cuz it's so amazing. But this is a close second. I really love this cookie. It is so good. It has coffee in it, too. And it has white chocolate and macadamia nuts. So, we're going to dive right on in. Look at this. Oh, what a cookie break. Oh, look at everything inside there. I'm so excited. Just look at this cookie. Doesn't it look amazing? I absolutely love it. Like I said, second favorite Gideon's cookie of all time. And I'll come back every single December to try it. So, uh, now let's, uh, let's get to the coffee cookie combo bites. It's honestly kind of funny because you have a mint coffee with a mint cookie and then a coffee cookie. So, it's kind of like it goes well with both of them. So, we'll start with the Chris Cringle and do a little little combo bite. Oh, but there you have it. The December cookies at Gideon's. Like I said, I think the Chris Kringle one is my favorite. But let me know which one's your favorite, the Krampus or the Chris Kringle. Enough of the cookie business. We're going to keep moving along. And I picked up the Christmas tree stroll guide. And this is a really fun free thing to do here at the Springs. It's a scavenger hunt. and you go around and you try to identify the different like Christmas trees by like the character or Disney movie and it's a big like map. Look at this. And you take the stickers and you put them on each one. I'm going to show you a couple of them and how it works. But if you find all of the trees, you get a special prize at the end. So, I think we're going to start doing a little Christmas tree strolling as we make our way up to the world of Disney. I love all of the Christmas decorations at Disney Springs. This is their main tree in the center here, but I'm pretty sure this is on the map. A good way to actually tell is by finding the tree itself on these little stands. So, you can see this matches up to the sticker right here. And then you just take the sticker off and you put it where the tree is. I'm pretty sure this is one in the middle, right? Yeah. I don't know though, cuz it looks Oh, yeah. This has got to be it right here. It's pretty self-explanatory, but it does get tricky because sometimes you can't figure out which stickers match up to the trees. I mean, you have to go around and actually see each tree to be able to figure it all out. Or you can look up the answers and spoil it, but like I said, I don't want to spoil it for you, but look at this one right here. It's Mickey, but dressed up as a captain. So, that tells me that this one must go to the Disney Cruise Line tree. This one isn't even a tree, per se. It's just a big fancy cruise ship, but I do see a lot of Christmas lights on it, so it definitely counts. And like I said before, look at that. You got a little Captain Mickey right there. So, all we have to do is find the Captain Mickey. Yeah, right there's the guy. Sean's trying to figure out where every single one is. I don't know where we are at right now. We're losing. Are we losing? Well, this is the polite pig. This is where this is. Maybe this one needs to move here. I would say put that one there. We might be wrong, but we're trying to figure it out. There you go. That looks good. Nice and secure. Yeah, it looks like we're having a little rainstorm right now, so I don't know if we're going to continue being able to do the Christmas tree stroll. So, at least I got to show you a couple of them. But if we end up finishing it, I'll let you know the prize. Hey, how are you guys? Now, I think we're going to make our way into the world of Disney. Got to look at some Christmas merch. We got a couple of Christmas trees on the outside of the world of Disney there. But look, they actually uh added something new this year. An enchanted holiday art gallery where you actually get to go in and meet some of the special artists. Look how beautiful this is in here. Oh, wow. Fancy. Look at this in here. Oh, Don Corona, what are you doing here? Just hanging out. Good to see you. Nice seeing you. One of my favorite artists. Look at all the beautiful work. Wow. This is nice that they have this here. And it's cool that it's all about the holidays. And like I said, I think this was like a retail store. So, I don't know how long it's going to last. So, if you want to come check it out. And it's awesome cuz my friend Dom has some of his art here. I really love what they did with this place. I think this used to be the Vulcom and they have a bunch of different artists that you can buy original artwork from. I already mentioned my friend Dom. And you can find some of his artwork in the four seasons. Right here are some of his pieces. Look at it. Isn't it so good? I love the pastel colors. Look at this little holiday Mickey. That is amazing. And this is limited edition. This is one of Dom's pieces right here. So, if you ever come by, you got to come check it out. And they even have a Gideon section right here. Look at this. I love that. Wow. This is another amazing artist. Just like, you know, I said, "Oh, wow. Look at this one right here. This is great. This is Michael Reyes. We've actually did a meet and greet together at the Lakeland Antique Mall and he was such an awesome person to meet because, you know, I'm such a big fan of his art. So, it's cool to see it here. And that's Florida for you. By the time we came out of the store here, the rain is all gone. It looks like the strolling piano is out and about. Wow. We're going to go check out the trees over here. Later on, when it gets dark around, you'll see a lot of other cool like holiday entertainment. And you get to see all of the Christmas trees lit up. We probably won't be here for it because we're going to go light up our own Christmas tree. I'll tell you what, it's very busy here at the Springs during the holiday season. Everyone's getting all their Christmas gifts. And I love all the uplighting in here. Holy moly, it's actually very busy in here. We got a bob and weave. I've already showed a lot of the Christmas merchandise in the world of Disney, but they actually have a whole entire Christmas store here at the Springs. And I think that's where all the good ornaments are. So maybe we'll go and start making our way there. I definitely want to get an ornament today. And here it is, the Days of Christmas store. And also, real quick, I wanted to point out if you want to pick up one of the uh Christmas tree stroll maps, you can get them at any of these locations. They have them all listed right here. And then you uh get your redemption from the Lego store, too. And I think this year they're actually giving out a actual ornament, like a metal ornament. So, we're going to get some ornaments from the Days of Christmas and hopefully an ornament if we complete the Christmas tree stroll. I love the Days of Christmas store because they have a really cool Dalmatian display. And I want to kind of get a Dalmatian ornament. So, that's what we're going to be looking for. But, I need to get a couple of them. I don't got many ornaments on my tree. Usually, you can find the Dalmatians sleeping underneath the tree. I don't see them anymore, though. What happened to all the Dalmatians? I think they definitely did get rid of the Dalmatians in here. Kind of makes me sad, but I noticed I think we're underneath the Christmas tree right now. Luckily, Sean's so tall. Look at that. We're under the tree. Tree is bigger than me, I guess. And you're the best present ever. They've got some 2026 uh ornaments already. Look at that. 2026. It's going to be a good year. And then a lot more. Like there are so many different characters around here. I think we'll start with this back wall over here. Oh, look at this 2026 one. This one looks great. Honestly, I might want to get this. I I think this might be one that I want to get cuz look, it's got Spaceship Earth on it and it's got Space Mountain. And I think it's a good way to bring in the new year. It's kind of funny to shop for ornaments because there's so many different characters, but I want ones that like really stand out. I told my mom I'd get a Winnie the Pooh one. So, look at this one. Sketchbook. And it's got Winnie and Piglet in there. These are so fragile. $29.99. Holy moly. Oh, and then what are these ones? Wow, this is cool. Look at the Toy Story ones. These are like the Legacy ones. And then they have Zootopia here. And then a couple of really cool book ones, too. Pinocchio, Living with the Magic. This is nice. You see any cool ones, Sean? There's a Corella Deville, but no Dalmatian. No Dalmatian. Should we get Corella just for her, though? I think we should do it. Let's get a little Corella. Oh, I got to be careful. I hope they wrap these up real nice. What do we got over here? Woody, Jesse, Peter Pan. Look at the Walt statue one. Ah, you know it. Grab it. I think we should get it. You know what's a cool one? They have a Himalaya track. Oh my lord. I'm getting too many ornaments. Look at this one. Look at that. It's the Yeti repair. Okay, this looks good. I think we got a lot. They actually have a couple box sets of ornaments where you get like a whole collection and some other like, you know, Christmas like home decor in here, too. A nice Nightmare Before Christmas section over here. Look at these displays. You can actually see them here. Oh, this is a really good one. If you like Nightmare Before Christmas that has all the characters in it. And then we've got some snow globes here. 2025. Where's the new stuff? I'm going to shake it up. Shake it like a soul shaker. Shake it like a soul shaker. Look at that. I love snow globes. It doesn't make any music though. Usually I look for the windup one. And then they got the countdown over here. I actually have this, but I think this is from like maybe this year. I bought mine a couple of years ago. Oh, some candles. Another little Mickey peppermint pillow. Oh. Oh, is this a tablecloth? No, that's a throw. I think that's just a regular one. A plaid one. Still very fancy, though. I think I'm good. I think I got all the ornaments I need. They also do hand personalization on the ornaments, too. I don't think I'm going to get anything personalized right now. Only because my mom is uh she's a big personalization like ornament fan and I want to wait because I want to get her something, but I don't want to show you guys on camera cuz then she's going to know what she's going to get. Oh, wait. I kind of already spoiled it cuz she watches these videos. So, forget that, Mom. Forget it. But now I can say I've got a couple new ornaments to put on the tree after this. And I also found the Dalmatians. They put them on the outside. They put them in a little window display. These used to be on the inside kind of underneath the uh Christmas tree. All of these Dalmatian pups. I'm glad that they saved them though. That's so cool. One day I hope Gracie ends up here. Like you know, I mean, they all kind of look like Gracie. This one looks more like Gracie right here cuz she's got the uh darker ear itself. They also have Santa meet and greets here, too. Look at that. Santa marketplace. Oh, Sean, there's a tree over there. Which one is that one? to the right. It looks like Tiana. Is it Tiana's? It looks like it. Does it smell like beignetes? It looks like a little Oh, yeah. I can see it a little bit. Wow, look at that. Well, we got to add it to the map. I think we got another one. I don't know if this is Oh, it's definitely Tiana's. Yep. Princess and the Frog. Look at that. I love how they have like a bunch of desserts right here. They honestly look delicious. And if I could buy those as ornaments, I probably would. Probably would. How we looking? Oh, we're looking The map's looking a little It got a little wet from the rain, but I think we might be able to finish it. I believe in us. Might as well stop into the co-op real quick. They just opened a new store here. It's like the drop shop where they kind of do unboxing and stuff like that. But there's a big line to get in there. Oh, look at this. I love Disney Springs. What a nice little photo opportunity. Wow, they changed a lot in here. Wow. This used to be the vault store over there. And then this I think was like uh the cell phone store right here. This is Yeah, this where they used to sell cell phone cases and stuff like that. Kind of crazy. I was just here last month and now it looks like a completely different store in here. Oh wow, look at that. I want to go in and check it out. But like I said, the lines going out the door and wrapping around the building. They got a lot of good stuff. A lot of mystery boxes, Sean told me. Still pretty fancy. Another thing that's actually very popular is the photo pass studio because everyone's trying to get their Christmas pictures done. Wow, look at the display they got set up over here. That looks cool. Very wholesome. Oh, I kind of want to get my photo. Should we get a photo together, Sean? You know what? There is a trend online where I'm at the department stores. I think we should do a J C Penney uh photo shoot one time. Me, you, and Kristen. Oh, we should got to get our fancy clothes on, though. Fancy shirts. No, no, we need fancier clothes. Sadly, it looks like the rain isn't letting up. It stopped and started and then stopped and then started again. And now I think it's not going to stop. So, we might uh just uh make it our way down to uh uh the cupcakes. Got to get Grace Pupcakes. Oh, here's the uh redemption location at the Lego store. Got to go show that we got to we discovered all of the Christmas trees. All the good trees. Wait, this isn't it? I think this is just for Legos right here. I saw Oh, is it on the other side? Is there a big line? Wow. Oh, and look, there's the Haunted Mansion tree. I didn't get to show that one. That's my favorite one every single year. We're about to go redeem. I already knew it was here, though. Look at that. You can see the bride sitting in there. And sometimes you can see your heart light up all red. It's cool. We did it. We completed the Christmas tree stroll. And here's our ornament. You can't see it really well cuz it's got a plastic thing on it, but I'll show you when we get home along with all of our other ornaments. Right now, the rain is coming down too hard. So, I'm thinking we might have to abandon ship. We might have to abandon ship. I think we're stuck now. I know. The rain is coming down. Should we just Should we just call it quits? We can't call it quits. I know, but I mean, it's coming down right now. We're going to have to make a run for it. We parked all the way on the other side of Springs. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I'm using my hat to protect the camera, but I can't leave until I get Gracie or Pupcakes. So, we're running to Sprinkles. Nobody else is running. Everyone's hiding underneath the yawnings. Is that what you're calling them? Yawnings. Oh, boy. We made it. It's rainy out there. How you doing, guys? Hi. Oh, look at they got Christmas cupcakes. Wow. Even a Grinch cupcake. Wow. Honestly, I feel like I got to try one of those Grinch cupcakes. That's kind of cool. Ooh, and they started doing cupcake sundaes in here. Did you see that? Layered cakes. Milkshakes sundaes. Wow. Sprinkles is uh expanding out of the uh cupcake business. Even cookies, too. The cupcakes have been obtained. And I got Christmas cupcakes so that we can have a little snack as we decorate. So now it's time to head home and check on little Gracie girl. Wow, I am a soaking wet right now. I am definitely a soggy bottom boy. Oh, but now we get to see some of the lights turning on on the trees in here. There's the Montreal one. And then I think this one is the uh You knew what that one was. What was that one? Toy Story. Oh, Toy Story. Yeah, I can see it. And we're covered under here at least. But it doesn't look like it's getting any better out there. He always makes me feel guilty because he takes the stairs. What a way to make me feel lazy. Get those legs. Oh, I'm sure you're getting your steps in. Oh, Gracie. And there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl. Look at that. Look at the way she jumped up. You want to decorate for Christmas? Did you guys see how adorable it was when Gracie jumped up on the couch? She literally just makes my heart happy. And I'm so happy that I stopped in at Sprinkles to get the cupcakes because a bunch of people actually bought Gracie some cupcakes and left some really cool cards and even a really awesome soup spoon for me. Look at that. Someone actually made that and left it at Sprinkles for me. That's good soup. Isn't that cool? And I got a card here. So, we're going to give her a cupcake. And then I want to show you the cupcakes that they have for the holidays there and then start decorating a little bit. I got all of my ornaments ready to go. And also, I know this isn't Christmas, but I'm kind of redoing my downstairs bathroom. And I wanted to show you the progress of that because I kind of like what I'm doing with it. I wanted to have a fancy bathroom for guests when they come over and visit. And I think you're going to like it. I'm sure Gracie would thank everyone that left her cupcakes and notes at Sprinkles, but she can't talk, so I'll say it for her. Thank you guys. Look at You want it? Oh, wow. Look at her. Is she going to set it down? She's going to flip it over every single time. Now that Gracie girl got her cupcake. I want to show you the bathroom I was talking about and then turn on some Christmas music and start decorating the tree. I actually just bought this Christmas tree during Black Friday because it was 50% off at Target. I had the same Christmas tree for many of years, and I thought it was time for an upgrade. So, I think I did pretty good. But first, the restroom business. For a while now, I've been wanting to do something with this bathroom, and I finally decided I want to make a Walt Disney World history bathroom for all of my guests when they come over. So, we got the Haunted Mansion plaque, the Polynesian rug right here, and then wait till you guys see. Now, this isn't, you know, anywhere near done. I just started doing it a couple of weeks ago, and it's going to get a lot better. But I just want to give you a sneak peek. Oh, look at this. Got the contemporary rug there. And then check out the walls. I love the history of Walt Disney World and Walt Disney himself. and to be able to make a bathroom kind of like that. All of these photos are all vintage. These ones right here are from the uh car rental spot uh uh next to the Magic Kingdom there. These uh used to be advertisements and I just love the, you know, retro vintage look of them. Look at the cars in MGM Studios there. And then right behind the toilet, I've got my honorary citizen for Walt Disney World. So, if you end up coming over and you get to use the commode, you become an honorary citizen. And then a lot of other really cool pictures of like Walt Disney World being built and even a couple of cool Epcot ones like Epcot Center opens. And I love this eyes and ears right here. You know, back in the day, they used to actually announce whenever they hired new cast members. Isn't that crazy? Welcome to our cast. And these are all cast members from that time. That just blows my mind. I never really thought I'd be uh making a video inside the bathroom on the toilet. I'm not going to the bathroom. I'm just in the bathroom, but I wanted to, you know, give you the good point of view. The the good point of view. I love how you can see the pictures in the mirror there. And then look up here. I got this really awesome Walt Disney uh photo collage right here. This is uh one of a thousand. And uh it's really cool cuz it says, "When does a person stop being a child? Can you say that a child is ever entirely eliminated from an adult?" I believe that the right kind of entertainment can appeal to all persons, young and old. Young and old. I love it. There he is over here, too. And I got a nice little Epcot news brief from the opening week, actually. Isn't that cool? What do you guys think? Do you think I'm doing a good job? I think there's going to be a lot more. So, just stay tuned. I'll give you guys updates as we uh you know, finish up what we're doing here. Enough of the bathroom business. Now, I want to show you some of the ornaments I picked up today, including the Christmas tree stroll one cuz I wasn't able to give you a really good look last time. But look at that. Isn't that It was free. All we had to do is walk around and look at Christmas trees to get it. And I picked up, like I said, about five or six of these. And it cost like $150. Disney ornaments are not cheap. I got the Corella one right here. I've got this one because it reminded me of the electrical parade. Look it. It's a popcorn bucket. I got the Winnie the Pooh one. Like I mentioned, I think this one is really, really cool. And we're going to put them on the tree right after this. I got the Walt. You know, I had to get the Walt. I got the Yeti one. The only thing I'm a little upset with is the 2026 one, but this Yeti one was really cool. The 2026 one already broke. And it's not like broke like smashed. It just came undone. Look at this. I think Well, Mickey used to sit on top. He was sitting like this, but it was just super glued on. So, it just kind of fell off. I can fix it. I just got to put some Gorilla Glue on it. But I I was like, a, he's falling off. That's not a good sign for the start of the new year. And here is a look at my new Christmas tree. Look, it very fancy. It's pre-lit and it comes with a remote control and it does a bunch of light shows. So, here it is. The Christmas tree lighting. Wow, look at that. So merry and bright. And you can change the different colors. Look at that. It does some cool effects. You can do it quick, fast, slow. You can make it like twinkle. Very cool. The lighting might be a little weird with it because of the uh the lights in the camera, but uh we're going to start uh putting the ornaments on, getting it all merry and bright. I just found out that this ornament actually lights up. Look at that. Isn't that so cool? So, that's going to be the first one we're putting on the tree. I think I might put it right here. There you go. I wasn't sure if I should take that. Oh, wait. That's not even No, that's not how it goes. I think it hangs from here, maybe. Oh, yeah. cuz it's a popcorn bucket. Silly me. There you go. That's a good one. You got to make sure you spread them out, you know. You got Winnie the Pooh here. This one you got to put on a good one cuz you don't want it to fall cuz it's a big globe. I'm not using hooks either. I'm just putting the ones right in there like that. Oh, that looks pretty. And then we've got Walt right here. Let's see. Maybe we'll put him up top. There we go. Look at him taking a a nice squat. Sat down right there. Bada bing. And then we've got So the Yeti. The disco Yeti. Let's see. I'll put him right over here. That looks Oh, got to make sure they don't fall. These are like $30 a piece. Oh boy, that's not strong enough. Am I supposed to turn it around a little bit? Oh, there we go. That'll work. That'll work. That'll work. We got Kruella. Graciey's over in the corner. You see Corella, Gracie? Let's see. I'm gonna put this one right here, maybe. Oh, there we go. That looks nice. All right. Well, that was for the ornaments that we just bought today. Now, I got a bunch of them. Holy moly. I actually have a whole entire tub of ornaments I got to get out of the garage, but I want to add these on there. I didn't get enough garland, though. I definitely am missing some garland here. So, I'm going to have to get one more garland. But instead of just doing this, you know, I think I might just show you the uh final outcome. So, uh let's uh let's get to decorating. Here is a look at the Christmas cupcakes that I was talking about. I still can't get over the fact that there was a Grinch cupcake. And there is still a Grinch cupcake at Disney Springs. These just look amazing, though. They did a really good job for the holidays with these cupcakes. And I kind of want to dive on in. I might want to, you know, have myself a little cupcake. Gracie had her cupcake. Now I think I might have mine. I don't know which one I should get, though. I kind of feel like we got to go with the Grinch. I want to know what's in the inside. This Grinch cupcake looks so good. Oh, is it red velvet? Wow, look at that. A red velvet Grinch cupcake. I bought out a knife because I might want to cut it because I don't know if I'm going to eat it all. So, let's just cut right down the center there. Oo, look at that. Very fancy. So, cheers. Cheers to the holidays. Don't be a Grinch. Isn't she a be Clark? Look at that. We're getting there. Sadly though, I'm definitely not going to be able to finish it tonight because I don't have enough garland. And my tree topper and the rest of my ornaments are in storage and I was going to run and get them, but it is pouring rain out right now. Gracie sitting over here just watching. Are we having a good time? Isn't it so nice? Cozy Christmas decorating. Listen to the rain out there right now. Holy moly, it's really coming down out there. Isn't it Gracie? Well, even though we can't finish the tree tonight, I'm still happy with the progress we have made. And I got the Montreal out and I was going to get ready to actually put it all underneath it, but I think I'm going to call it a night. Like I said, I have a lot more ornaments and a tree topper, but it's in storage and it is so rainy out right now. I'm glad we left Springs when we did. And uh I have a couple more videos this month before I plan on making my way back home. I think I'm going to spend the holidays up in Pennsylvania with my mom, Bonnie, and Ariel. I asked them to come down here, but uh they can't leave because of uh school and uh the traveling. So, I'm going to go up and spend the holidays with them. So, I'll uh keep you guys updated on uh the rest of the Christmas tree and the bathroom. Don't want to forget about the bathroom. But overall, I had an amazing day today, and I'm glad I got to decorate a little bit with you, and I'm excited to see the full Christmas tree decorated in all of its glory. So, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
