---
video_id: wmdBHSpYm6U
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party 2025 | Full Guide & NEW Cookies | Is It Worth $229: Disney World"
published: 2025-11-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmdBHSpYm6U
---
Hey friends, today we are going to Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party and I am so excited. This is my favorite Christmas event of the year and I want to take you around and show you everything the party has to offer. We're going to eat all the cookies, sip on some hot cocoa, watch the Christmas parade and fireworks show, and have a cozy Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party kind of night. Anywho, let's go do this. Well, I guess it's the most wonderful time of the year again. And it is such a nice day out today. The temperatures are going to get down to the 60s later tonight. So, it's going to be fun to have a chilly Christmas party. And I'm excited to take you guys around, show you all of the new offerings for this year. Maybe run into some rare characters like Sandy Claus himself. And also, I want to ride the holiday overlay for Space Min and just share all of my experiences with you. Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party is a separate ticketed event and it costs anywhere from $169 to $229 depending on the night and it goes on from 7:00 p.m. till midnight. But you do get in the park as early as 400 p.m. And I feel like they offer a lot for this party. You get all you care to enjoy cookies and hot cocoa included in the ticket price. And it's not just one type of cookie. They actually have cookie treat locations all throughout the park in each land. And it's all different types of cookies. And this year's lineup looks incredible. And don't worry, we're going to try all of those cookies. But basically, you get to walk around, eat cookies, drink hot cocoa, listen to Christmas music. They have incredible entertainment. The Christmas parade fireworks show is worth the price alone. And I just want to show you guys a little bit of everything. We are all checked in and it's 400 p. p.m. So, all the party guests can enter in the park. And this is my first time seeing the Christmas decorations. I am so excited. To start off the night, we have to make our way down the holiday trail. And I think we get a free ornament and there's going to be a couple other cool surprises. And then we're just gonna hang out and start eating cookies. Wow. If you're ready for a night of Christmas partying, two hands up in the air like this. Thank you. Yeah, Santa needs a roof to land on. So, you got to keep raising the roof all night, people. Thank you. You're welcome. Oh, look at this. This is the ornament this year. I'll wait to show you guys when we get up here, but it looks like Mickey and a little red truck hauling a Christmas tree. Oh, and the gingerbread men are out. I could just stand here and get all of the snow from the snowman. Look at that. Is I've never seen a snowman making snow before. Look at that. Isn't that awesome? And then, like I said, they have the gingerbread men over here doing meet and greets. The line doesn't look too long. Oh, actually, I can't see where the line is. It's very busy over here. It also looks like we got some tall snow angels. Look at that. Well, now that we made our way down the holiday trail. I don't even know if that's what it's called, but it's a great way to start the party. And here is a better look at the ornament. Isn't that awesome? They give this to you. It's included in the admission. And it's Mickey in a red truck hauling a Christmas tree. And then I also got the event guide. So, I want to show you guys some of the things in there so you know what to expect. The map's going to have everything you need to know for the party itself. All of the uh special food and beverage offerings like the holiday turkey burger at Cosmic Rays or the Lamb Chop at Be Our Guest. And then they have like the holiday twist on attractions. I know I already mentioned Space Mountain, but they have the Jingle Cruise, the Mad Tea Party. The Speedway does a cool like uh holiday twist, and then you can find all of the uh cookie stops by the uh map. They have a little candy cane symbol. We already know where we're going, but I want to show you guys just in case. They have them all marked just like that. So, you can see the little candy cane there. That's where you get uh the cookies. So, I think we're going to hang out for a little bit and then get to the cookie business. Nothing for the party starts until 7:00 p.m. The park itself closes at 6:00 and all the guests that don't have the bracelet have to leave. So, we're going to just hang out and relax a little bit. If you want to meet like some of the popular rare characters, I know that Jack and Sally, they already allow people to line up and they start the meet and greets. So, it's 5:00 p.m. now and uh the party doesn't start for 2 hours and it's about a 60-minute wait to meet them. So, it makes sense if that's something you want to do. For me, I just want to hang out and then get right to the cookie business. You guys know what I'm here for. I wanted to make my way back out to Main Street so I can see all the Christmas lights turned on. And I love the holiday season here. Look at how beautiful this is. The garland, the wreaths, and they even started doing the uh Frozen show on the castle. They just got it all Christmy. Christmasy. I like the sound of that. Main Street is so merry and bright. I love all of the Christmas decorations. And the party should be starting in just a couple of minutes. So, I think we'll start by making our way to our first cookie stop, the first cookie of the night. I figured we'd start in Tomorrowland, make our way up to Fantasy Land because they're actually doing a pretzel this year. They're giving away a Snowman pretzel included in the cookie stroll. So, we'll do, you know, Tomorrowland, Fantasy Land, Storybook, and then watch the first parade and then do the other side of the park. We got lots of cookies and I also want to try some of the exclusive food because the menus look amazing this year. The first cookie stop of the night is going to be the launching pad here. And I can see the inflatable candy cane over there. All you got to do is keep your eye out for the candy canes. I think they're going to start giving them out any second now. Usually they start a little bit early, but not too earlier than like 7:00 p.m. So, might as well just uh hang out for a little bit. Oh, boy. Hi. Merry Christmas. Thank you. Oh, we got apple cider and a red velvet cookie. Look at that. All right, we got our first cookie of the night, the red velvet cake cookie. And I love how they're individually packaged. Like I said, you can basically go around and like trickor treat with cookies. You can take as many as you want home with you. So, let's dive on in. I'm cracking in the first cookie of the night. Oh, it's so soft. It's like literally bending as soon as I hold it. But there it is. The red velvet cake cookie. Let's give it the cookie break. Ooh, I like it. And we got some apple cider, too. Cheers. I never thought of red velvet as a like Christmas cookie, but this is pretty good and it's so soft and delicious. I'm definitely going to be getting a round of cookies to take home with me. Maybe even two, but I wait till the end of the night cuz if I put them in my pockets, they're going to get crushed. The apple cider is cool, too. They do have hot apple cider, I think. But I like that they have like, you know, different offerings. Did an elf just walk by me? I could have swore I just saw an elf walk behind my shoulder there. Oh, maybe they're going to Club Tinsel. All right, we got to finish up this apple cider. The festivities are beginning. Welcome everybody to baby kitchen party. My name is E Arthur Rock and we are at Club. Are you guys ready to party? Wait, you guys already ship and Dale are here. It's a party. We got Jimmy and Johnny. We got you. Let's party. Here we go. Oh wow. Judy Hopsson and Nick Wild came out. Look at this. Club Tinsel is popping. And I love that Chip and Dale come down and dance. And the elves do. And I knew I saw an elf. I love that. Now, we're going to keep moving along. I want to check the wait time for Space Mountain cuz they're doing the holiday overlay. And then I got to get to our next cookie stop. They do two holiday overlays in Tomorrowland. You've got Space Mountain, which this is the best version of Space Mountain I've ever been on. And I've been on a lot of Space Mountains around the world. And then you got the Tomorrowland Speedway. Look at you can actually see all the decorations going and dancing to the music over here. So, I think we'll jump on in. Maybe we'll go do the Space Mountain one first, but I just want to show you the Tomorrowland cuz this is so cool looking. Look at it over here. I don't even see any cars going. I don't know if this actually started yet. Look at that. It's a scenic drive-thru. I think we're going to do Space Mountain now because it's only 25 minutes and then on to the next cookie. But I got to do Space Mountain. This is one of my favorite things of the party. It literally is that good. And I don't know if the footage is going to come out good, but I'll add in a POV if it doesn't because I like it that much and I want you guys to see it. Wow. Look at this. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. If that doesn't get you in the Christmas spirit, I don't know what will. But I loved it. And now it's time to go get some more cookies. Oh, I spot that candy cane. It's like a beacon of light telling us we need to go to cosmic rays. Look it. And they also have signs, too. Treats this way. I hope they got the hot cocoa. Ooh, buttercream frosted chocolate chip cookie and then hot cocoa by Joffrey's. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Oh, they got the cookies. Thank you. And they got a hot cocoa, too. Got to wash it down. Thank you, guys. Merry Christmas. See you, man. Merry Christmas. Second cookie of the night. And it's a buttercream frosted chocolate chip cookie with M&M's. Look at that. We got to open up this bad boy. And we got hot cocoa. Finally, some Oh no, the cookie crumbled when I pulled it out. I don't want to lose this bottom. Oh, it's good. But look, I couldn't even pull it out. Wow. The cookies are so soft this year. Just look at how it breaks. Look at that. It's so soft and delicious. Oh my lord. I'm going to like this one a lot. And I'll make sure to let you guys know which cookies were my favorite of the night. So, cheers. They definitely stepped their game up with the cookies this year. All of them have been phenomenal. I know I only had two, but you can just see the difference and the texture and how like soft it is. I'm having a great night. Cookies and cocoa. I think I like this one better than the red velvet one already. And the red velvet one was delicious, but this one, like I said, the combination between the buttercream frosting and the chocolate chip cookie itself, they definitely did something different. So, we're going to finish up our hot cocoa. Actually, I like to walk around with my hot cocoa. I think it enhances the experience. So, we're going to keep moving along. I want to do the teacups, but I don't know if we'll have enough time because I want to watch the first parade. They do two parades a night, but I want to watch the first one so then we can do the other treats on the other side of the park. So, we got to keep moving along. Got to keep snacking. Look at how awesome the teacups are during the party, though. This is another great overlay they do. Yo, look at them go. The teacups look so fun during the Christmas party. So, I hope I get to ride them later. But I want to try all the cookies. So, we're going to keep moving along. My glasses are starting to fog up and I'm drinking hot cocoa. Oh, take a look at this. Here comes Pooh and his pals. There's Tiger. Oh, that's awesome. They're going to the meet and greet. Eeyore's got a flashlight. That's awesome. And I love all the decorations over in uh Fantasy Land. Look it. Seven doors mine train has a Christmas tree. We're gonna follow them, but I'm not going to go to the meet and greet. I'm heading down to get a pretzel. They're just going in the same direction. Follow Piglet. Hey, what's up? How are you guys? Wow, Storybook Circus looks amazing for the party. We got a couple of bears over here. And look at all the decorations they got going on down here. And also some entertainment. They've got some jump ropers over there. And I think this is where they're giving out the pretzel. We got to get ourselves a pretzel. Oh, wow. Look at this. They're giving away M&M's down here, too. The mini ones. Thank you so much. I felt like that was trick-or-treating. I came back here to get the pretzel, and they're literally giving out full vials of mini M&M's. Is that what you call this, a vial? Or is it vile? Oh, I think I found that inflatable candy cane. This must be where the pretzel is. Wow, it's a pretty long line. I mean, it is a pretzel. That's some fancy stuff. Oh, pretzel delivery. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Thank you. I really cannot believe they're giving out pretzels and M&M's. Like full like containers of M&M's. Uh, this year is probably one of the best parties I think I've ever been to. Oh, look at this. On top of pretzels, they're giving out What is this? Uh, so it's fruit punch. Fruit punch. Wow. fruit punch pretzels and M&M's down in uh Story Book. That's unbelievable. I ran into a friend while we were waiting for our pretzels and we decided to do a little pretzel review together. Cheers. Cheers. It tastes just like a regular like Disney Mickey pretzel, but in the shape of a snowman. Well, not right now cuz I bit his head off, but I love that they're adding these to the mix. I think variety is the best. I remember when they only had a couple of treat and cookie stand and they were all the same cookie, but now look at this. Cookies, M&M's, pretzels, fruit punch. They're stepping it up. I'm glad I had a friend to try the pretzel with and it was so awesome. She was wearing my shirt. Overall, like I said, it's a good pretzel. The fruit punch. Now, I don't know. It doesn't taste like high sea, but I have a feeling it could be high. Maybe it's Tropicana. I can't tell. And if you want to meet Santa Claus himself, he's hanging out down in Storybook Circus with the pretzels. Look at that. There he is. That's awesome. He's going to be leaving soon cuz the parade's going to be starting. So, I think we'll start making our way back to Main Street. So far, we've had two cookies, a pretzel, high sea, apple cider, and hot cocoa. And we're not even halfway through. But now, like I said, time to make our way back up and uh get ready for the parade. I hope we can find a spot cuz it starts in 15 minutes and a lot of people have been waiting around and like holding down a spot since 4:00 literally once they got in the park. So, I'll try my best. But I really love this parade. The watermelon goofy laser. Watermelon Icy. What? This night keeps on getting better and better. Look at that. Now they're handing out icy samples over here. Oh, that's delicious. Holy moly. Oh, look at that. Looks like they're just finishing up the show. Wow. We timed that perfectly. I think it's exactly 8:30, so the parade should be stepping off in Frontier Land. We made it. Wow. I'm actually shocked. Now, we just need to find a spot. So, it's going to be a lot of bobbing and weaving. Bobbing and weaving. Oh Christmas tree. Oh Christmas tree. Oh Christmas tree. Oh Christmas tree. Heat. Heat. So glad you can make it to our party. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Christmas. Hi everyone. Come in my brilliant winter wonderland of enjoying peace on earth. Do you have tradition for that time of year? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You can't just have sugar again. What are you? I already share it to the mail. But don't tell them Heat. Heat. No, I just remember sugar hands. Spice cookies. So nice. What's your favorite holiday cookie? Merry Christmas. Oh, you're good. Heat. Heat. Everybody sweet. Blue got yummy treats for everyone. Tell me, tell me tell me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Wow, the parade is so amazing. And my favorite are the toy soldiers. When they come walking down, it's like clap clap clop. I just get so excited. But we need to keep moving along. We've got three cookie stops left to go. So, I figured we do the two in an adventure land because one's at the orange bird stand and then watch the fireworks and then get the other one after the fireworks. Merry Christmas. Thank you. Can I have two by chance? Thank you. Are these gingerbread? Thank you. Cookie down. I think this is the gingerbread cookie. Oh, and they're giving out some more apple cider over here. Look at this. I like how they have her separate. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Thank you. So, this is our third cookie of the night. And it's a gingerbread. It's a butter froc frosted gingerbread cookie. And I'm excited. I like the buttercream frosting. Oh, this is soft, too. Look at that. Very, very fancy. So, we're going to break on in. I love a gingerbread cookie. This is a little bit more firm, but most gingerbread cookies are like that. So, uh, cheers. Cheers to an amazing night full of Christmas spirit and cookies. Honestly, it's one of the better gingerbread cookies I've had. Normally, sometimes whenever I eat gingerbread cookies, I feel like they're a little dry. This isn't like the other cookies as soft, but uh, it's got a little bit of like, you know, texture to it that I like. So, I'm glad we got to try it. I honestly wish they had hot cocoa to go with the gingerbread. I think that would be a great combination, but I don't mind a little uh apple cider gingerbread combo. So, here we go. Oh, that's pretty good. That's not bad. I'm a little sad because I just realized I think we only have two more cookies to go. Two more cookies to go. The fireworks show. And then I want to maybe try to get like some like regular food, not sugary food. Maybe I need a savory item. Like I said, I don't trust putting the cookies in my short pockets cuz I feel like they're going to like break. So, I have them in my pocket up here. I've got a pocket full of cookies. I got a pocket full of cookies. Sounds like a song. Look at that. But I think we're going to keep moving along. Look at that little uh pirate skull up there. It's looking very uh jolly and bright. It's got candy canes and everything. Pirates is all decked out over here. They also have another cookie stop over by uh Tortuga Tavern or Tortuga. Tortuga Tortega. I don't know how to say it right, but we're going to get it. And I think it's the hot cocoa one. So, I hope they have hot cocoa to go with the hot cocoa cookie. And there it is. The inflatable candy cane. Looks like we got hot cocoa cookies made with Dove chocolate pieces and then hot cocoa by Joffrey's. This looks like a kind of long line, too. Merry Christmas. Thank you. Oh, this looks good. Hot cocoa cookie with some hot cocoa. That's the combination we were looking for. I think they're out of hot cocoa. A Thank you, honey. You're welcome. Oh, these are bigger cups, too. Oh, there they go. Thank you. Merry Christmas. Hot cocoa with a hot cocoa cookie. All right, here it is. the hot cocoa cookie. And then I got a side of hot cocoa to go along with it. This looks really, really good. Look at the back of it. Wow. And it's another very soft cookie. Let me just show you how soft this cookie is. You can just break it just like that. It just bends. So, let's uh dive on in. Oh, wow. This is going to fall like into multiple pieces. Look at that. Wow. I'm going to try it on its own first. Oh, I'm not even that big of a chocolate cookie fan, but that is good. I don't know what makes the cookie like a hot cocoa cookie and not just a chocolate cookie, but I like this a lot. It's got like a kind of like milkier taste to it. I guess that's what makes it a hot cocoa cookie. But I'm glad we got it. And now I think uh we're going to try it with the hot cocoa. Just in case you want your hot cocoa extra chocolatey, you can just put the cookie in there. And now you got cookies and hot cocoa together. Here is a look at the wait times during the party. Tron is only a 25m minute wait. Space Mountain is 15 minutes. The People Movers 5 minutes. Seven Doors Mind Train 30 minutes. It's actually a really nice day to ride rides. And then here's all the times for the shows. Mickey's Wonderful Christmas Time Fireworks 10:00 p.m. The parade is at 8:30 and 11:00. And then the case uh castle stage show. Oh, looks like they got a lot of those. Last one's 11:55 p.m. The hot cocoa cookie was good, but like I said, we got to keep moving along. We got to catch the fireworks. We still need to make it to Gestons. And I want to meet a character. I wish they'd give us more time for these parties. Just an extra hour or two. And I think I would be able to get everything done without actually running cuz I feel like I'm running. I'm going bing bang boom bing bang boom. Need Welcome everyone and thank you so much for being here. We're just thrilled to be with all of you this season. Oh, it's my favorite time of the year. And you know what? With all of us together, I just know something fun is about to happen. Oh my Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I just love the holidays, the snowball fights and hot chocolate, cozy fires, and mist. But my favorite part is getting to share it all with the ones I love. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Good morning. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Oh my goodness. I can hardly wait with all the holiday magic this time of year. I'm so happy we get to share it with all of you. And there's no better time to celebrate than right now. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. You see, the best parts of the holidays truly are the special moments like this one that we share with special friends. We take these moments and we turn them into memories. Memories we can cherish forever and ever. And that's the kind of magic that only happens when we're all together. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Wow, those fireworks hit me in the fields every time. Especially when they hit that part where they're like simply having a wonderful Christmas time. I know I don't sing that well, but I wanted to let you know what my favorite part was. And now I think we're going to continue our cookie quest. And here it is, the final cookie. And did we save the best cookie for last? It's a caramel pretzel chocolate chip cookie. Look at that. Oh, and we get eggnog here. That's something different. So, I think we're going to hop in line. The lines haven't been too bad. The longest line is the pretzel at the Fantasy Land station. Oh, there it is. Thank you. Merry Christmas. Oh, this is the eggnog. Thank you, sir. Oh, look at that. A fancy little eggnog to go with my cookie. The last cookie of the night. And it's a caramel pretzel chocolate chip cookie. Doesn't that sound amazing? I feel like this is going to be my favorite cookie of the night. I just got that feeling, you know? Here it is. Look at that bad boy. I wonder if you can see pieces of pretzel in there or not, but we're going to break on into it. There we go. This one isn't as soft as the other ones, though. I'm kind of shocked. So, cheers. Even though this cookie wasn't as soft as the other ones. I think this is a front runner for my favorite cookie of the night. But, like I said, I'll go over all the cookies at the end of the video and let you know which one I think is my favorite. But, I like it and I'm glad we got to try it. I also got the eggnog, but I really don't like eggnog that much. I still want to try it just for the experience. So, might as well dive on in. Usually, people use the drink as the chaser, but I'm going to use the cookie as the chaser just so, you know, in case I don't like the eggnog. So, here we go. Ooh, that's thick. Oh, it's got a hint of cinnamon, too. I don't know. I still don't think I like it. I'm going to try it with the cookie, though. I think I'll take the cookie on its own. Look at the projections on the side of the castle. I just happened to be walking by and I caught this and it looks so amazing up close. Like you really can't tell the detail when you're down over there, but I'm just standing on the side here and you get a good view. I guess you could say the castle's got a great side profile. I think I'm going to start making my way back down Main Street and check on the Jack and Sally wait time. It usually drops down during the second parade because everyone's watching the parade. But since we watched it already, I don't mind stopping in there. I mean, we got all the cookies done and there's only about an hour left to the party. So, uh, might as well start making our way back to the front. Back to the front. I wanted to stop in and show you guys some of the merchandise for the uh Mickey's Very Merry Christmas party. They've got some ears, a coffee mug. The coffee mug looks pretty good. A spirit jersey. I want to see what's on the back of this spirit jersey, though. Oh, that's very nice. Look at that. And then they have a bag down here. I just like the design of this. Like if they sold like a sign of just that, I would buy it. I think this is a purse though, ain't it? Oh, wow. This is a purse. Look at that. That's a pretty big purse. I don't know how expensive it is, though. Is it $79.99? Yeah, it looks like it. I kind of like that. I don't wear purses, but I wish they made it in a pillow. That'd be cool. They have like a joy pillow over here, but that's not anything special for the party. Then they have this shirt down here. This is cool cuz it's got the toy soldier on it, but I don't know if they got anything on the back. Oh, they do. Look at that. That is actually cooler. I like this design better than the spirit jersey, only because of the toy soldiers in there. They do have passholder uh Christmas party merch, too. Look at this zipper up uh hoodie right here. That design's nice. And then there's the front. And then they have a pin, too. I don't know what the pin is. Oh, that's kind of fancy. I always like checking out the merch just so I can show you guys. And then this looks like a little mini picture frame. I might get this. Put little Gracy's picture in there. And it's only $14.99. That's not too shabby. Looks like Jack and Sally are at a 30 minute wait. I like that they have this big picture of them out front here. And I hear it's the new Jack, too. Look at that. That's kind of cool. 30 minutes to meet Jack and Sally isn't that bad of a wait. It's probably the lowest weight time I've seen all day. So, if that's something you really want to do, I suggest doing it at 400 p.m. when you first get in the park or come during the second parade because uh that's not actually that bad. I would normally wait, but I want to get home and uh see Gracie girl and start editing the video. I had to grab a bag for all of my cookies. And let me tell you something, I got a lot of cookies. So, uh might as well, I guess, call it a night. And there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl. I like the way she just sat back there. You're so smooth. Look at you. You are smooth, aren't you? Yes, you are. You're a good girl. And with that, I think we are done here today. I had so much fun at the Christmas party. This is my 12th year of coming to the opening night of Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party, and I love the ambience. I love the excitement in the air and of course the cookies and the hot cocoa. So, I'm so honored to be able to make these videos and share all of my experiences with you. And overall, I think my favorite cookie of the night was probably the caramel pretzel cookie over at Gastans's Tavern. I don't know, I just love the texture and I love the bits of pretzel inside there. Second, you know, place I probably would go to the uh buttercream frosted chocolate chip at Cosmic Rays. I know I didn't get to try a lot of the uh you know exclusive food, but uh after like the sixth round of cookies, I don't know. I wasn't feeling hungry anymore. But I enjoyed the fireworks. I enjoyed the shows. It was such an awesome party. And uh I hope you guys enjoyed the video. So anyhoos, I guess that's it. Anyhoos, good night. Bye.
