---
video_id: pkJOn-LjW2A
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort 2025 | Full Tour, Christmas Cabins & Hoop-Dee-Doo: Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-12-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkJOn-LjW2A
---
Hey friends, today we are checking into Hey friends, today we are checking into Hey friends, today we are checking into the cabins at Disney's Four Wilderness the cabins at Disney's Four Wilderness the cabins at Disney's Four Wilderness Resort and I am so excited. This is my Resort and I am so excited. This is my Resort and I am so excited. This is my favorite resort to stay at during the favorite resort to stay at during the favorite resort to stay at during the Christmas season because there's so many Christmas season because there's so many Christmas season because there's so many cool things to do and I wanted to make a cool things to do and I wanted to make a cool things to do and I wanted to make a video and show you everything. We're video and show you everything. We're video and show you everything. We're going to drive around and check out all going to drive around and check out all going to drive around and check out all the Christmas decorations, have dinner the Christmas decorations, have dinner the Christmas decorations, have dinner at the Hoopdoo, and they're doing a at the Hoopdoo, and they're doing a at the Hoopdoo, and they're doing a special Christmas show and I want to special Christmas show and I want to special Christmas show and I want to partake in some of the resort partake in some of the resort partake in some of the resort activities, maybe do a little fishing, a activities, maybe do a little fishing, a activities, maybe do a little fishing, a little archery, who knows? So, we're little archery, who knows? So, we're little archery, who knows? So, we're going to eat some food, do some camping, going to eat some food, do some camping, going to eat some food, do some camping, and have a beautiful Fort Wilderness and have a beautiful Fort Wilderness and have a beautiful Fort Wilderness Christmas vacation. Anywh who, let's go Christmas vacation. Anywh who, let's go Christmas vacation. Anywh who, let's go do this. And here is our cozy cabin for do this. And here is our cozy cabin for do this. And here is our cozy cabin for our Christmas vacation. The best part our Christmas vacation. The best part our Christmas vacation. The best part about staying at Fort Wilderness is it's about staying at Fort Wilderness is it's about staying at Fort Wilderness is it's pet friendly. So, Gracie gets to come pet friendly. So, Gracie gets to come pet friendly. So, Gracie gets to come with me. And I want to give you guys a with me. And I want to give you guys a with me. And I want to give you guys a little cabin tour and show you. This is little cabin tour and show you. This is little cabin tour and show you. This is the new DVC cabins. And they look the new DVC cabins. And they look the new DVC cabins. And they look really, really nice. I miss the old really, really nice. I miss the old really, really nice. I miss the old school style of the other ones, but I school style of the other ones, but I school style of the other ones, but I love that it has a lot of really good love that it has a lot of really good love that it has a lot of really good like Easter eggs to Disney. Mickey and like Easter eggs to Disney. Mickey and like Easter eggs to Disney. Mickey and Pluto pulling up to the Fort Wilderness Pluto pulling up to the Fort Wilderness Pluto pulling up to the Fort Wilderness right there. And Gracie loves staying right there. And Gracie loves staying right there. And Gracie loves staying here. It's kind of a tradition. So, I'll here. It's kind of a tradition. So, I'll here. It's kind of a tradition. So, I'll uh show you guys around a little bit. uh show you guys around a little bit. uh show you guys around a little bit. This is my first time staying in the new This is my first time staying in the new This is my first time staying in the new cabins during the Christmas season, and cabins during the Christmas season, and cabins during the Christmas season, and I love all the different colors of the I love all the different colors of the I love all the different colors of the outside. On the inside, they're all the outside. On the inside, they're all the outside. On the inside, they're all the same, and they have the same layout, but same, and they have the same layout, but same, and they have the same layout, but I kind of like the new layout. I love I kind of like the new layout. I love I kind of like the new layout. I love how they have these windows in the how they have these windows in the how they have these windows in the front. It really allows the light to front. It really allows the light to front. It really allows the light to come into the cabin. And you got a full come into the cabin. And you got a full come into the cabin. And you got a full kitchen over here with a table, a kitchen over here with a table, a kitchen over here with a table, a fridge, a dishwasher, coffee, even a fridge, a dishwasher, coffee, even a fridge, a dishwasher, coffee, even a stove, so you can make all your meals stove, so you can make all your meals stove, so you can make all your meals here. And then you got a couch and a here. And then you got a couch and a here. And then you got a couch and a little living room area. This pulls down little living room area. This pulls down little living room area. This pulls down into a Murphy bed. Gracie likes to sit into a Murphy bed. Gracie likes to sit into a Murphy bed. Gracie likes to sit on the couch. I brought her dog bed with on the couch. I brought her dog bed with on the couch. I brought her dog bed with her, so she likes that corner there. And her, so she likes that corner there. And her, so she likes that corner there. And then you got the main bedroom in here. then you got the main bedroom in here. then you got the main bedroom in here. And this actually has bunk beds, so you And this actually has bunk beds, so you And this actually has bunk beds, so you can sleep two people here. And the bunk can sleep two people here. And the bunk can sleep two people here. And the bunk beds are so cool looking. I love the beds are so cool looking. I love the beds are so cool looking. I love the pillows and the decorations. And then pillows and the decorations. And then pillows and the decorations. And then you have one big queen mattress here. you have one big queen mattress here. you have one big queen mattress here. Look, you got Chip and Dale up there. A Look, you got Chip and Dale up there. A Look, you got Chip and Dale up there. A lot of really cool vintage Fort lot of really cool vintage Fort lot of really cool vintage Fort Wilderness art on the wall. And even the Wilderness art on the wall. And even the Wilderness art on the wall. And even the view. Wow, we got a really good view. I view. Wow, we got a really good view. I view. Wow, we got a really good view. I always like waking up and looking out always like waking up and looking out always like waking up and looking out the window here. Wow, look at that. Even the window here. Wow, look at that. Even the window here. Wow, look at that. Even some water. That's the good Florida some water. That's the good Florida some water. That's the good Florida wetlands right there. I really love how wetlands right there. I really love how wetlands right there. I really love how some of these like cabins are tucked some of these like cabins are tucked some of these like cabins are tucked away. It's very, very secluded, away. It's very, very secluded, away. It's very, very secluded, especially if you get one on the inside. especially if you get one on the inside. especially if you get one on the inside. You want to kind of be away from the You want to kind of be away from the You want to kind of be away from the main roads. I don't know if you could main roads. I don't know if you could main roads. I don't know if you could put in request. We just got lucky with put in request. We just got lucky with put in request. We just got lucky with this one. There's literally no cabin or this one. There's literally no cabin or this one. There's literally no cabin or anyone else behind us or kind of in anyone else behind us or kind of in anyone else behind us or kind of in front of us. So, we've got nothing but front of us. So, we've got nothing but front of us. So, we've got nothing but the nature. Just look at how cool those the nature. Just look at how cool those the nature. Just look at how cool those bunk beds are. If I was a kid, I would bunk beds are. If I was a kid, I would bunk beds are. If I was a kid, I would want to sleep on the top bunk. I mean, want to sleep on the top bunk. I mean, want to sleep on the top bunk. I mean, I'm an adult and I want to sleep on the I'm an adult and I want to sleep on the I'm an adult and I want to sleep on the top bunk. And then the bathroom is on top bunk. And then the bathroom is on top bunk. And then the bathroom is on the other side of the cabin. This gives the other side of the cabin. This gives the other side of the cabin. This gives you a good idea how big this cabin you a good idea how big this cabin you a good idea how big this cabin actually is. Look at Gracie just actually is. Look at Gracie just actually is. Look at Gracie just chilling there. And it's actually a very chilling there. And it's actually a very chilling there. And it's actually a very nice bathroom. Very updated. You got nice bathroom. Very updated. You got nice bathroom. Very updated. You got some more artwork over here. Chip and some more artwork over here. Chip and some more artwork over here. Chip and Dale doing some archery. But take a look Dale doing some archery. But take a look Dale doing some archery. But take a look at this bathroom. I think it's pretty at this bathroom. I think it's pretty at this bathroom. I think it's pretty fancy. Got the very nice mirror right fancy. Got the very nice mirror right fancy. Got the very nice mirror right there. A nice little shower over here. there. A nice little shower over here. there. A nice little shower over here. Updated faucets. I like it. I think they Updated faucets. I like it. I think they Updated faucets. I like it. I think they did a good job with these cabins, but did a good job with these cabins, but did a good job with these cabins, but let me know in the comments what you let me know in the comments what you let me know in the comments what you guys think. The cabin is perfect, and guys think. The cabin is perfect, and guys think. The cabin is perfect, and I'm just excited to be back spending the I'm just excited to be back spending the I'm just excited to be back spending the holidays here at Fort Wilderness. It's a holidays here at Fort Wilderness. It's a holidays here at Fort Wilderness. It's a very popular thing to do. In fact, this very popular thing to do. In fact, this very popular thing to do. In fact, this cabin is going for $699 cabin is going for $699 cabin is going for $699 tonight. And that's what a 20% discount tonight. And that's what a 20% discount tonight. And that's what a 20% discount because so many people want to come because so many people want to come because so many people want to come spend the holidays here. I feel like spend the holidays here. I feel like spend the holidays here. I feel like it's a completely different experience. it's a completely different experience. it's a completely different experience. Everyone decorates their cabins or Everyone decorates their cabins or Everyone decorates their cabins or campsites. And they go all out. They campsites. And they go all out. They campsites. And they go all out. They bring gigantic inflatables. And me and bring gigantic inflatables. And me and bring gigantic inflatables. And me and my friends, we're going to just hang my friends, we're going to just hang my friends, we're going to just hang out, drive around, and show you all the out, drive around, and show you all the out, drive around, and show you all the cool decorations. And like I said, they cool decorations. And like I said, they cool decorations. And like I said, they have the uh Hoop-doo musical review. And have the uh Hoop-doo musical review. And have the uh Hoop-doo musical review. And during the holiday season, they do a during the holiday season, they do a during the holiday season, they do a special Christmas edition that is like special Christmas edition that is like special Christmas edition that is like one of my all-time favorite dining one of my all-time favorite dining one of my all-time favorite dining experiences. So, I have a lot to show experiences. So, I have a lot to show experiences. So, I have a lot to show you guys. And I figured we'd uh probably you guys. And I figured we'd uh probably you guys. And I figured we'd uh probably just dive right on in and uh go out and just dive right on in and uh go out and just dive right on in and uh go out and explore around the resort a little bit. explore around the resort a little bit. explore around the resort a little bit. just do a little exploring. Another just do a little exploring. Another just do a little exploring. Another really cool thing about staying at the really cool thing about staying at the really cool thing about staying at the cabins at For Wilderness, you can rent cabins at For Wilderness, you can rent cabins at For Wilderness, you can rent golf carts and actually use it to drive golf carts and actually use it to drive golf carts and actually use it to drive around the resort and it costs like $70 around the resort and it costs like $70 around the resort and it costs like $70 a day. But I highly suggest getting a a day. But I highly suggest getting a a day. But I highly suggest getting a reservation, especially during the reservation, especially during the reservation, especially during the holidays cuz they sell out fast and it's holidays cuz they sell out fast and it's holidays cuz they sell out fast and it's a completely different experience if you a completely different experience if you a completely different experience if you don't have the golf cart. You got to use don't have the golf cart. You got to use don't have the golf cart. You got to use the buses to get everywhere and it can the buses to get everywhere and it can the buses to get everywhere and it can take a lot of extra time. So, I highly take a lot of extra time. So, I highly take a lot of extra time. So, I highly suggest it. We're going to drive around suggest it. We're going to drive around suggest it. We're going to drive around and I want to show you some of the and I want to show you some of the and I want to show you some of the decorations during the day, but it's a decorations during the day, but it's a decorations during the day, but it's a lot better at night and we're going to lot better at night and we're going to lot better at night and we're going to do that after or before we go to do that after or before we go to do that after or before we go to hoop-de-doo. But I want to go up to the hoop-de-doo. But I want to go up to the hoop-de-doo. But I want to go up to the metal trading post and then Pioneer Hall metal trading post and then Pioneer Hall metal trading post and then Pioneer Hall to get something to eat and maybe do to get something to eat and maybe do to get something to eat and maybe do some activities in between. And I want some activities in between. And I want some activities in between. And I want to definitely show you where Pioneer to definitely show you where Pioneer to definitely show you where Pioneer Hall is at because they're doing a lot Hall is at because they're doing a lot Hall is at because they're doing a lot of construction there. They're actually of construction there. They're actually of construction there. They're actually building a whole entire resort and it building a whole entire resort and it building a whole entire resort and it looks completely different. So, we're looks completely different. So, we're looks completely different. So, we're going to go for a little ride. going to go for a little ride. going to go for a little ride. It's beginning to look a lot like It's beginning to look a lot like It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. Christmas. Christmas. Wow, look at that. Wow, look at that. Wow, look at that. Holy moly. I think that's the winner. Holy moly. I think that's the winner. Holy moly. I think that's the winner. &gt;&gt; It's the most wonderful time of the &gt;&gt; It's the most wonderful time of the &gt;&gt; It's the most wonderful time of the year. year. year. &gt;&gt; I gave you my heart and the very next &gt;&gt; I gave you my heart and the very next &gt;&gt; I gave you my heart and the very next day you gave it away. Fern way. Fern way. Fern way. Look at this bend right here. They've Look at this bend right here. They've Look at this bend right here. They've got everything. This is probably one of got everything. This is probably one of got everything. This is probably one of the best loops I think I've seen. I the best loops I think I've seen. I the best loops I think I've seen. I can't wait to come back at night. This can't wait to come back at night. This can't wait to come back at night. This is so cool. And how cozy is that? Nice is so cool. And how cozy is that? Nice is so cool. And how cozy is that? Nice little fireplace. You got Winnie the little fireplace. You got Winnie the little fireplace. You got Winnie the Pooh, Olaf, Santa here. I'm loving it. Pooh, Olaf, Santa here. I'm loving it. Pooh, Olaf, Santa here. I'm loving it. Another wholesome thing they do at Fort Another wholesome thing they do at Fort Another wholesome thing they do at Fort Wilderness during the holidays is they Wilderness during the holidays is they Wilderness during the holidays is they put out stockings. you put stockings out put out stockings. you put stockings out put out stockings. you put stockings out on your campsite or cabin and people on your campsite or cabin and people on your campsite or cabin and people drive around and uh put things in there drive around and uh put things in there drive around and uh put things in there like candy or goodie bags or a lot of like candy or goodie bags or a lot of like candy or goodie bags or a lot of like 3D printed images and I kind of like 3D printed images and I kind of like 3D printed images and I kind of want to do that but instead maybe leave want to do that but instead maybe leave want to do that but instead maybe leave a gift card. I got some Disney gift a gift card. I got some Disney gift a gift card. I got some Disney gift cards. So, we're just going to put it cards. So, we're just going to put it cards. So, we're just going to put it right inside here and someone's going to right inside here and someone's going to right inside here and someone's going to be able to go buy whatever they want be able to go buy whatever they want be able to go buy whatever they want right in the stocking on the back of the right in the stocking on the back of the right in the stocking on the back of the car. car. car. now that I got to show you a little bit now that I got to show you a little bit now that I got to show you a little bit of the decorations. And don't worry, of the decorations. And don't worry, of the decorations. And don't worry, like I said, later on tonight, we're like I said, later on tonight, we're like I said, later on tonight, we're going to go out once it gets dark out going to go out once it gets dark out going to go out once it gets dark out and see all the lights and show you a and see all the lights and show you a and see all the lights and show you a lot more. But, uh, I made my way up to lot more. But, uh, I made my way up to lot more. But, uh, I made my way up to Meadow Trading Post. I love all the Meadow Trading Post. I love all the Meadow Trading Post. I love all the decorations on the outside. This is like decorations on the outside. This is like decorations on the outside. This is like a nice little gift shop in a grocery a nice little gift shop in a grocery a nice little gift shop in a grocery store where you can get some store where you can get some store where you can get some necessities. [music] And it's really necessities. [music] And it's really necessities. [music] And it's really cozy in here. They actually have a lot cozy in here. They actually have a lot cozy in here. They actually have a lot of Christmas merch. And it's decorated of Christmas merch. And it's decorated of Christmas merch. And it's decorated real nice. Oh, look at Mickey and Pluto real nice. Oh, look at Mickey and Pluto real nice. Oh, look at Mickey and Pluto up there with the Christmas tree. That's up there with the Christmas tree. That's up there with the Christmas tree. That's wholesome. And they have like, you know, wholesome. And they have like, you know, wholesome. And they have like, you know, your camping supplies here. And then your camping supplies here. And then your camping supplies here. And then right behind it is the bike bar. And right behind it is the bike bar. And right behind it is the bike bar. And this is where all the activities are. this is where all the activities are. this is where all the activities are. And this is where I'll probably go get And this is where I'll probably go get And this is where I'll probably go get myself a fishing pool. And they're myself a fishing pool. And they're myself a fishing pool. And they're actually uh doing a lot of construction actually uh doing a lot of construction actually uh doing a lot of construction out here. I think they're updating or out here. I think they're updating or out here. I think they're updating or upgrading the pool. Maybe adding a nice upgrading the pool. Maybe adding a nice upgrading the pool. Maybe adding a nice little lazy river. Oh, look at that. little lazy river. Oh, look at that. little lazy river. Oh, look at that. They got the kayaks over there. I love They got the kayaks over there. I love They got the kayaks over there. I love it here. It's really, really cozy. it here. It's really, really cozy. it here. It's really, really cozy. If you just cut straight through the If you just cut straight through the If you just cut straight through the trading post, you'll come out the other trading post, you'll come out the other trading post, you'll come out the other side and they have the bike barn. It's side and they have the bike barn. It's side and they have the bike barn. It's like the recreational like area where like the recreational like area where like the recreational like area where you can rent fishing poles, get kayaks, you can rent fishing poles, get kayaks, you can rent fishing poles, get kayaks, and do the archery. So, I think I'm and do the archery. So, I think I'm and do the archery. So, I think I'm going to go pick up a fishing pole and going to go pick up a fishing pole and going to go pick up a fishing pole and go to my favorite spot to go fishing. go to my favorite spot to go fishing. go to my favorite spot to go fishing. It's one of my favorite things to do at It's one of my favorite things to do at It's one of my favorite things to do at Fort Wilderness. I always think like, Fort Wilderness. I always think like, Fort Wilderness. I always think like, man, I just want to be hanging out. I man, I just want to be hanging out. I man, I just want to be hanging out. I just want to be at the fort fishing. You just want to be at the fort fishing. You just want to be at the fort fishing. You and me go fishing at the fort. Take and me go fishing at the fort. Take and me go fishing at the fort. Take meishing.org. meishing.org. meishing.org. Wow. I think I just wrote a jingle for Wow. I think I just wrote a jingle for Wow. I think I just wrote a jingle for them. But you can actually do a fishing them. But you can actually do a fishing them. But you can actually do a fishing excursion here and it'll take you out excursion here and it'll take you out excursion here and it'll take you out and you'll have uh like a boat captain and you'll have uh like a boat captain and you'll have uh like a boat captain and he'll bait your, you know, fishing and he'll bait your, you know, fishing and he'll bait your, you know, fishing rods and he'll uh help you with rods and he'll uh help you with rods and he'll uh help you with everything. But I rather just rent a everything. But I rather just rent a everything. But I rather just rent a pole and buy some bait and just, you pole and buy some bait and just, you pole and buy some bait and just, you know, fish out of one of the ponds here. know, fish out of one of the ponds here. know, fish out of one of the ponds here. It's actually a lot, you know, easier It's actually a lot, you know, easier It's actually a lot, you know, easier and it's cozy cuz you can rent a pool and it's cozy cuz you can rent a pool and it's cozy cuz you can rent a pool and you can use it for the whole entire and you can use it for the whole entire and you can use it for the whole entire day or you could do some gold mining, day or you could do some gold mining, day or you could do some gold mining, too. Now that we got our fishing rod, it too. Now that we got our fishing rod, it too. Now that we got our fishing rod, it cost about $18 for the whole entire day. cost about $18 for the whole entire day. cost about $18 for the whole entire day. You just have to have the reel back uh You just have to have the reel back uh You just have to have the reel back uh by 5:00 p.m. I want to show you guys one by 5:00 p.m. I want to show you guys one by 5:00 p.m. I want to show you guys one of my favorite fishing spots and just of my favorite fishing spots and just of my favorite fishing spots and just hang out, relax, hopefully catch hang out, relax, hopefully catch hang out, relax, hopefully catch something. If not, I'm just there to something. If not, I'm just there to something. If not, I'm just there to just just there for the ambience. And just just there for the ambience. And just just there for the ambience. And this is my favorite little fishing spot. this is my favorite little fishing spot. this is my favorite little fishing spot. You can't take your golf cart any You can't take your golf cart any You can't take your golf cart any farther than that path over there. But farther than that path over there. But farther than that path over there. But it's nice because you've got all of it's nice because you've got all of it's nice because you've got all of these awesome spots and it's on a these awesome spots and it's on a these awesome spots and it's on a bridge. And if you want to keep walking bridge. And if you want to keep walking bridge. And if you want to keep walking straight ahead, you'll actually see straight ahead, you'll actually see straight ahead, you'll actually see Cinderella Castle. We'll go that way a Cinderella Castle. We'll go that way a Cinderella Castle. We'll go that way a little bit later on, but I just wanted little bit later on, but I just wanted little bit later on, but I just wanted to show you. And another really cool to show you. And another really cool to show you. And another really cool thing they got over here is the bat thing they got over here is the bat thing they got over here is the bat house. I always point it out because I house. I always point it out because I house. I always point it out because I think it's so cool. We're so close to think it's so cool. We're so close to think it's so cool. We're so close to the Magic Kingdom. And this right here the Magic Kingdom. And this right here the Magic Kingdom. And this right here is a bat house used to, you know, help is a bat house used to, you know, help is a bat house used to, you know, help keep the insects down. And there's a keep the insects down. And there's a keep the insects down. And there's a million bats in there right now. Isn't million bats in there right now. Isn't million bats in there right now. Isn't that crazy? I don't know if it's a that crazy? I don't know if it's a that crazy? I don't know if it's a million, but I can tell you what, there million, but I can tell you what, there million, but I can tell you what, there are a lot of bats in that house right are a lot of bats in that house right are a lot of bats in that house right now sleeping as we're fishing. Everything is catching release. I just Everything is catching release. I just Everything is catching release. I just love coming out for the ambience. Listen love coming out for the ambience. Listen love coming out for the ambience. Listen to that. to that. to that. the birds. It's quiet. Honestly, I don't the birds. It's quiet. Honestly, I don't the birds. It's quiet. Honestly, I don't even catch anything. Sometimes I don't even catch anything. Sometimes I don't even catch anything. Sometimes I don't even know if I'm fishing right, but I even know if I'm fishing right, but I even know if I'm fishing right, but I feel good fishing. We move down away feel good fishing. We move down away feel good fishing. We move down away from the bridge. And like I said, from the bridge. And like I said, from the bridge. And like I said, there's Cinderella Castle and Space there's Cinderella Castle and Space there's Cinderella Castle and Space Mountain and Tron. You can see all of Mountain and Tron. You can see all of Mountain and Tron. You can see all of it. And you can actually fish out in the it. And you can actually fish out in the it. And you can actually fish out in the water here, too. They have a little dock water here, too. They have a little dock water here, too. They have a little dock that I like to come at. Last time I was that I like to come at. Last time I was that I like to come at. Last time I was here fishing, though, I think there was here fishing, though, I think there was here fishing, though, I think there was an otter stealing all of my bait. Every an otter stealing all of my bait. Every an otter stealing all of my bait. Every time I casted it out, I would lose it time I casted it out, I would lose it time I casted it out, I would lose it instantly. So, I think there uh might be instantly. So, I think there uh might be instantly. So, I think there uh might be an otter in this area. And there's also an otter in this area. And there's also an otter in this area. And there's also a random bread barn over there. Kind of a random bread barn over there. Kind of a random bread barn over there. Kind of looks a little creepy, don't you think? looks a little creepy, don't you think? looks a little creepy, don't you think? Wow. I wonder who lives there. Right Wow. I wonder who lives there. Right Wow. I wonder who lives there. Right next to the bat house. But this is a next to the bat house. But this is a next to the bat house. But this is a nice little spot, isn't it? Very cozy, nice little spot, isn't it? Very cozy, nice little spot, isn't it? Very cozy, very quiet, right on on uh 7's lagoon or very quiet, right on on uh 7's lagoon or very quiet, right on on uh 7's lagoon or Bay Lake. Actually, this is Bay Lake. Bay Lake. Actually, this is Bay Lake. Bay Lake. Actually, this is Bay Lake. Like I said, even if I don't catch Like I said, even if I don't catch Like I said, even if I don't catch anything, this is just beautiful. Being anything, this is just beautiful. Being anything, this is just beautiful. Being out here, relaxing, listening to all of out here, relaxing, listening to all of out here, relaxing, listening to all of the sounds, breathing the fresh air. the sounds, breathing the fresh air. the sounds, breathing the fresh air. This is one of my favorite things to do. This is one of my favorite things to do. This is one of my favorite things to do. I absolutely love it. I absolutely love it. I absolutely love it. Well, she's been out there for a while, Well, she's been out there for a while, Well, she's been out there for a while, and it doesn't look like anything's and it doesn't look like anything's and it doesn't look like anything's biting, so I think we're going to move biting, so I think we're going to move biting, so I think we're going to move along. I got the pole until 5:00 p.m., along. I got the pole until 5:00 p.m., along. I got the pole until 5:00 p.m., so I can come back if I want to do some so I can come back if I want to do some so I can come back if I want to do some fishing later. Right now, I think I need fishing later. Right now, I think I need fishing later. Right now, I think I need to get something to eat. Maybe we'll go to get something to eat. Maybe we'll go to get something to eat. Maybe we'll go to Trails End, have a little lunch. I to Trails End, have a little lunch. I to Trails End, have a little lunch. I don't want to eat too much because we don't want to eat too much because we don't want to eat too much because we got Hooptie tonight and that's a lot of got Hooptie tonight and that's a lot of got Hooptie tonight and that's a lot of food. If you have watched any of my food. If you have watched any of my food. If you have watched any of my other Fort Wilderness videos, I kind of other Fort Wilderness videos, I kind of other Fort Wilderness videos, I kind of like to do the same thing because it's like to do the same thing because it's like to do the same thing because it's so fun to do. And I definitely want to so fun to do. And I definitely want to so fun to do. And I definitely want to stop at the Tric Circle D Ranch and show stop at the Tric Circle D Ranch and show stop at the Tric Circle D Ranch and show you some of the horses. So, uh, maybe you some of the horses. So, uh, maybe you some of the horses. So, uh, maybe we'll make our way up to Pioneer Hall, we'll make our way up to Pioneer Hall, we'll make our way up to Pioneer Hall, get some food, and see some horses. Oh, get some food, and see some horses. Oh, get some food, and see some horses. Oh, wow. Look at all how festive it is over wow. Look at all how festive it is over wow. Look at all how festive it is over here. A lot of people like to decorate here. A lot of people like to decorate here. A lot of people like to decorate their golf carts. [music] Look at the their golf carts. [music] Look at the their golf carts. [music] Look at the gigantic inflatables on top. It is such gigantic inflatables on top. It is such gigantic inflatables on top. It is such a nice day out, too. I can't wait to a nice day out, too. I can't wait to a nice day out, too. I can't wait to come back later and see this all lit up come back later and see this all lit up come back later and see this all lit up at night, especially for the hoot-doo. at night, especially for the hoot-doo. at night, especially for the hoot-doo. Look at Look how festive the golf carts Look at Look how festive the golf carts Look at Look how festive the golf carts are. It makes me want to do something. I are. It makes me want to do something. I are. It makes me want to do something. I see a lot of Bies representation here at see a lot of Bies representation here at see a lot of Bies representation here at Fort Wilderness. Bies proud. And Fort Wilderness. Bies proud. And Fort Wilderness. Bies proud. And duckies. Now that we made it up to duckies. Now that we made it up to duckies. Now that we made it up to Pioneer Hall, I want to show you the Pioneer Hall, I want to show you the Pioneer Hall, I want to show you the construction progress on the uh Disney's construction progress on the uh Disney's construction progress on the uh Disney's Lakeshore Lodge. This was a resort that Lakeshore Lodge. This was a resort that Lakeshore Lodge. This was a resort that they're building over uh where River they're building over uh where River they're building over uh where River Country used to be right behind Fort Country used to be right behind Fort Country used to be right behind Fort Wilderness. Well, what right behind Wilderness. Well, what right behind Wilderness. Well, what right behind Pioneer Hall and I think it was Pioneer Hall and I think it was Pioneer Hall and I think it was originally called Reflections, but they originally called Reflections, but they originally called Reflections, but they changed the name. And it is getting so changed the name. And it is getting so changed the name. And it is getting so big it kind of over like shadows Fort big it kind of over like shadows Fort big it kind of over like shadows Fort Wilderness in the Pioneer Hall area. So, Wilderness in the Pioneer Hall area. So, Wilderness in the Pioneer Hall area. So, I'm going to be excited to see what it I'm going to be excited to see what it I'm going to be excited to see what it looks like when it's finished. But you looks like when it's finished. But you looks like when it's finished. But you can see it just from being here. Look at can see it just from being here. Look at can see it just from being here. Look at that. Isn't that something? That's the that. Isn't that something? That's the that. Isn't that something? That's the uh Lakeshore Lounge. Lakeshore Lodge. I uh Lakeshore Lounge. Lakeshore Lodge. I uh Lakeshore Lounge. Lakeshore Lodge. I don't know why I can't say that. don't know why I can't say that. don't know why I can't say that. Lakeshore Lounge. And uh I'm not too Lakeshore Lounge. And uh I'm not too Lakeshore Lounge. And uh I'm not too sure when the opening date is, but a lot sure when the opening date is, but a lot sure when the opening date is, but a lot is done already. And like I said, it is done already. And like I said, it is done already. And like I said, it kind of overshadows the uh Pioneer Hall kind of overshadows the uh Pioneer Hall kind of overshadows the uh Pioneer Hall area. And look at all the uh area. And look at all the uh area. And look at all the uh decorations. This is where Hoopdoo is. decorations. This is where Hoopdoo is. decorations. This is where Hoopdoo is. And then they've got Trails End and And then they've got Trails End and And then they've got Trails End and Crockett's Tavern. We're going to grab Crockett's Tavern. We're going to grab Crockett's Tavern. We're going to grab lunch at Trails End since we're coming lunch at Trails End since we're coming lunch at Trails End since we're coming back to Pioneer Hall for the Hoop-doo back to Pioneer Hall for the Hoop-doo back to Pioneer Hall for the Hoop-doo Musical Review. Here's [music] a little Musical Review. Here's [music] a little Musical Review. Here's [music] a little sign for it that tells you all the sign for it that tells you all the sign for it that tells you all the different uh information. They have different uh information. They have different uh information. They have multiple shows a night, a 4, 6:15, multiple shows a night, a 4, 6:15, multiple shows a night, a 4, 6:15, [music] and an 8:30. And it's so fun, [music] and an 8:30. And it's so fun, [music] and an 8:30. And it's so fun, and it's all you care to enjoy. Trails and it's all you care to enjoy. Trails and it's all you care to enjoy. Trails End recently got a new menu, and they End recently got a new menu, and they End recently got a new menu, and they got a lot of nice looking sweet treats got a lot of nice looking sweet treats got a lot of nice looking sweet treats here. a familysized buckaroo bread, a here. a familysized buckaroo bread, a here. a familysized buckaroo bread, a nice uh cinnamon roll there. And then nice uh cinnamon roll there. And then nice uh cinnamon roll there. And then they got some cookies, too. Look, a they got some cookies, too. Look, a they got some cookies, too. Look, a trail mix cookie, a western snicker trail mix cookie, a western snicker trail mix cookie, a western snicker doodle, banana bread, and then they have doodle, banana bread, and then they have doodle, banana bread, and then they have a holiday snowflake cinnamon roll. Since a holiday snowflake cinnamon roll. Since a holiday snowflake cinnamon roll. Since it's the holidays, I think that's what it's the holidays, I think that's what it's the holidays, I think that's what I'm going with. I found a nice rocking I'm going with. I found a nice rocking I'm going with. I found a nice rocking chair outside. We got some Christmas chair outside. We got some Christmas chair outside. We got some Christmas music and a settlement skillet. This has music and a settlement skillet. This has music and a settlement skillet. This has a little bit of everything. fried a little bit of everything. fried a little bit of everything. fried chicken, mashed potatoes, pulled pork, chicken, mashed potatoes, pulled pork, chicken, mashed potatoes, pulled pork, cornbread, and I'm excited. And I can't cornbread, and I'm excited. And I can't cornbread, and I'm excited. And I can't wait because uh we got Hoopt later and wait because uh we got Hoopt later and wait because uh we got Hoopt later and uh a lot of this food is the same. So, uh a lot of this food is the same. So, uh a lot of this food is the same. So, just so if you ever want to come and try just so if you ever want to come and try just so if you ever want to come and try some of the food and not go to Hoop-doo some of the food and not go to Hoop-doo some of the food and not go to Hoop-doo because it is very expensive. You can because it is very expensive. You can because it is very expensive. You can still get the chicken and the ribs and still get the chicken and the ribs and still get the chicken and the ribs and it's all the same. So, uh let's dive on it's all the same. So, uh let's dive on it's all the same. So, uh let's dive on in. Maybe a little mashed potatoes to in. Maybe a little mashed potatoes to in. Maybe a little mashed potatoes to start. I like a little mashed potatoes start. I like a little mashed potatoes start. I like a little mashed potatoes and some baked beans. Baked beans and and some baked beans. Baked beans and and some baked beans. Baked beans and mashed potatoes. mashed potatoes. mashed potatoes. After we get through with our skillet, I After we get through with our skillet, I After we get through with our skillet, I got the snowflake cinnamon roll. And it got the snowflake cinnamon roll. And it got the snowflake cinnamon roll. And it kind of looks a little sad. I mean, it's kind of looks a little sad. I mean, it's kind of looks a little sad. I mean, it's not hot and fresh. They just had it in not hot and fresh. They just had it in not hot and fresh. They just had it in the case there, but I wanted to stay on the case there, but I wanted to stay on the case there, but I wanted to stay on theme since we're doing the holidays. I theme since we're doing the holidays. I theme since we're doing the holidays. I wanted to get something festive. Oh, and wanted to get something festive. Oh, and wanted to get something festive. Oh, and they put the fried chicken in the mashed they put the fried chicken in the mashed they put the fried chicken in the mashed potatoes. potatoes. potatoes. Look at that. I love the chicken here. Look at that. I love the chicken here. Look at that. I love the chicken here. here. I think it is phenomenal. A lot of here. I think it is phenomenal. A lot of here. I think it is phenomenal. A lot of people say it's the best chicken on people say it's the best chicken on people say it's the best chicken on property. Let me know in the comments property. Let me know in the comments property. Let me know in the comments which one do you think is the best which one do you think is the best which one do you think is the best chicken? Which fried chicken is the best chicken? Which fried chicken is the best chicken? Which fried chicken is the best fried chicken in Walt Disney World. fried chicken in Walt Disney World. fried chicken in Walt Disney World. All of the food is amazing. And I'm All of the food is amazing. And I'm All of the food is amazing. And I'm sitting out right next to the water and sitting out right next to the water and sitting out right next to the water and earlier I was talking about the earlier I was talking about the earlier I was talking about the Lakeshore Lounge. Lakeshore Lodge, I Lakeshore Lounge. Lakeshore Lodge, I Lakeshore Lounge. Lakeshore Lodge, I can't say it right, but right here you can't say it right, but right here you can't say it right, but right here you can see a lot more of it. And they're can see a lot more of it. And they're can see a lot more of it. And they're building these little huts right here. I building these little huts right here. I building these little huts right here. I don't know if these are going to be like don't know if these are going to be like don't know if these are going to be like I think they're new like Polynesian I think they're new like Polynesian I think they're new like Polynesian bungalows or like the wilderness lodge bungalows or like the wilderness lodge bungalows or like the wilderness lodge cabins like right on the water. That's cabins like right on the water. That's cabins like right on the water. That's going to be amazing. And this is where going to be amazing. And this is where going to be amazing. And this is where you actually take the boat to go to you actually take the boat to go to you actually take the boat to go to Magic Kingdom. They got nice rocking Magic Kingdom. They got nice rocking Magic Kingdom. They got nice rocking chairs out here. Just sit back and rock. chairs out here. Just sit back and rock. chairs out here. Just sit back and rock. Ears first. Whoop! I just lost the Ears first. Whoop! I just lost the Ears first. Whoop! I just lost the snowflake. snowflake. snowflake. Sadly, it's a little dry and the icing Sadly, it's a little dry and the icing Sadly, it's a little dry and the icing is falling off. I think it's been there is falling off. I think it's been there is falling off. I think it's been there for a little bit. Maybe not the most for a little bit. Maybe not the most for a little bit. Maybe not the most popular seller. After we finish up the popular seller. After we finish up the popular seller. After we finish up the skillet, I want to go over to the Tric skillet, I want to go over to the Tric skillet, I want to go over to the Tric Circle D Ranch and say hi to the horses. Circle D Ranch and say hi to the horses. Circle D Ranch and say hi to the horses. Then we got to get back to the cabin and Then we got to get back to the cabin and Then we got to get back to the cabin and check on Gracie Grill. And then a lot check on Gracie Grill. And then a lot check on Gracie Grill. And then a lot more friends are going to be coming over more friends are going to be coming over more friends are going to be coming over and we're going to have a nice little and we're going to have a nice little and we're going to have a nice little big group of uh friends going to the big group of uh friends going to the big group of uh friends going to the hoop-de-doo and driving around and hoop-de-doo and driving around and hoop-de-doo and driving around and looking at Christmas decorations. But I looking at Christmas decorations. But I looking at Christmas decorations. But I love these mashed potatoes. The mashed love these mashed potatoes. The mashed love these mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes probably my favorite thing. potatoes probably my favorite thing. potatoes probably my favorite thing. Here it is. The Tric Circle D ranch. And Here it is. The Tric Circle D ranch. And Here it is. The Tric Circle D ranch. And they're actually giving horses baths they're actually giving horses baths they're actually giving horses baths over there. They're hosing them down. over there. They're hosing them down. over there. They're hosing them down. They're hosing down the horses. And you They're hosing down the horses. And you They're hosing down the horses. And you get to come in and actually see a little get to come in and actually see a little get to come in and actually see a little bit of uh behind the scenes and a lot of bit of uh behind the scenes and a lot of bit of uh behind the scenes and a lot of Walt Disney World history. And I love Walt Disney World history. And I love Walt Disney World history. And I love how they have it nicely decorated for how they have it nicely decorated for how they have it nicely decorated for the season. Look at this. You got some the season. Look at this. You got some the season. Look at this. You got some nutcrackers over here. Oh, the dragon nutcrackers over here. Oh, the dragon nutcrackers over here. Oh, the dragon collap. collap. collap. This is actually always cool to check This is actually always cool to check This is actually always cool to check out. Not too many horses on this side. I out. Not too many horses on this side. I out. Not too many horses on this side. I think they're over here. But if you come think they're over here. But if you come think they're over here. But if you come over here and you press the button, over here and you press the button, over here and you press the button, it'll uh actually start playing music. Look at that. [music] They also do pony rides here. I actually They also do pony rides here. I actually They also do pony rides here. I actually brought Ariel and she rode the pony brought Ariel and she rode the pony brought Ariel and she rode the pony around and it was so adorable. It's around and it was so adorable. It's around and it was so adorable. It's definitely something you kind of want to definitely something you kind of want to definitely something you kind of want to do for a young kid cuz I don't think any do for a young kid cuz I don't think any do for a young kid cuz I don't think any adults can ride the [music] ponies. I adults can ride the [music] ponies. I adults can ride the [music] ponies. I think it's Oh, yeah. You have to be think it's Oh, yeah. You have to be think it's Oh, yeah. You have to be under 80 lb. So, no pony rides for me. under 80 lb. So, no pony rides for me. under 80 lb. So, no pony rides for me. No privacy at all in this place. No privacy at all in this place. No privacy at all in this place. Oh, here's Samson. He's just hanging out Oh, here's Samson. He's just hanging out Oh, here's Samson. He's just hanging out in the corner there. What's up, Samson? in the corner there. What's up, Samson? in the corner there. What's up, Samson? And then I think the other horses are And then I think the other horses are And then I think the other horses are outside getting a bath right now. Also, outside getting a bath right now. Also, outside getting a bath right now. Also, what I was telling you before is a lot what I was telling you before is a lot what I was telling you before is a lot of Walt Disney World history. And here of Walt Disney World history. And here of Walt Disney World history. And here you can see a lot of uh different uh you can see a lot of uh different uh you can see a lot of uh different uh pictures and things uh you know from uh pictures and things uh you know from uh pictures and things uh you know from uh the history of Walt Disney World and the history of Walt Disney World and the history of Walt Disney World and horses since the first time the horses horses since the first time the horses horses since the first time the horses actually went down Main Street USA here. actually went down Main Street USA here. actually went down Main Street USA here. It goes back for years and years and It goes back for years and years and It goes back for years and years and even uh current horses like the ones even uh current horses like the ones even uh current horses like the ones that uh you saw during the Christmas that uh you saw during the Christmas that uh you saw during the Christmas party. They actually march in the party. They actually march in the party. They actually march in the Christmas party. Isn't that cool? I love Christmas party. Isn't that cool? I love Christmas party. Isn't that cool? I love how they have this nice little area here how they have this nice little area here how they have this nice little area here and come and enjoy and hang out. Well, and come and enjoy and hang out. Well, and come and enjoy and hang out. Well, now that we got to say hi to the horses, now that we got to say hi to the horses, now that we got to say hi to the horses, I think I'm going to head back to the I think I'm going to head back to the I think I'm going to head back to the cabin, check on Gracie Girl, go for a cabin, check on Gracie Girl, go for a cabin, check on Gracie Girl, go for a little walk, maybe watch the sunset, little walk, maybe watch the sunset, little walk, maybe watch the sunset, maybe go to the hot tub, and just relax. maybe go to the hot tub, and just relax. maybe go to the hot tub, and just relax. And then it's going to get dark out and And then it's going to get dark out and And then it's going to get dark out and we go out, check out the decorations, we go out, check out the decorations, we go out, check out the decorations, and come back for Hoopde Hoopde. And and come back for Hoopde Hoopde. And and come back for Hoopde Hoopde. And here she is, the most beautiful dog on here she is, the most beautiful dog on here she is, the most beautiful dog on Earth. She just took me for the food and Earth. She just took me for the food and Earth. She just took me for the food and ran. There she is. What are you doing? ran. There she is. What are you doing? ran. There she is. What are you doing? You going behind me? Are you hanging out You going behind me? Are you hanging out You going behind me? Are you hanging out over here? Wow, you're destroying that over here? Wow, you're destroying that over here? Wow, you're destroying that pupcake. Gracie likes to hang out on the pupcake. Gracie likes to hang out on the pupcake. Gracie likes to hang out on the deck and dog watch, but she doesn't like deck and dog watch, but she doesn't like deck and dog watch, but she doesn't like hanging out with other dogs. I think hanging out with other dogs. I think hanging out with other dogs. I think she's afraid of every dog I've ever she's afraid of every dog I've ever she's afraid of every dog I've ever introduced her to. She's made like one introduced her to. She's made like one introduced her to. She's made like one or two friends in her whole entire life, or two friends in her whole entire life, or two friends in her whole entire life, but a long time ago, she got attacked at but a long time ago, she got attacked at but a long time ago, she got attacked at the dog park. And ever since then, she's the dog park. And ever since then, she's the dog park. And ever since then, she's just kind of been afraid anytime I bring just kind of been afraid anytime I bring just kind of been afraid anytime I bring her around to any dog. So, I can't bring her around to any dog. So, I can't bring her around to any dog. So, I can't bring her to the dog park unless nobody's her to the dog park unless nobody's her to the dog park unless nobody's there. But, I want to take her around there. But, I want to take her around there. But, I want to take her around and do a nice little walk around and and do a nice little walk around and and do a nice little walk around and then uh just hang out and enjoy the then uh just hang out and enjoy the then uh just hang out and enjoy the sunset before hoopdoo. sunset before hoopdoo. sunset before hoopdoo. &gt;&gt; Gracie really does not like the &gt;&gt; Gracie really does not like the &gt;&gt; Gracie really does not like the inflatables right now. She is in a very inflatables right now. She is in a very inflatables right now. She is in a very uncomfortable spot. uncomfortable spot. uncomfortable spot. Look at how beautiful this cabin is. Look at how beautiful this cabin is. Look at how beautiful this cabin is. It's kind of on the water here. Oh, no It's kind of on the water here. Oh, no It's kind of on the water here. Oh, no privacy at all in this place. Look at privacy at all in this place. Look at privacy at all in this place. Look at that. I would love to have this cabin. that. I would love to have this cabin. that. I would love to have this cabin. You kind of sit out on your uh deck You kind of sit out on your uh deck You kind of sit out on your uh deck there and just look out on the water. there and just look out on the water. there and just look out on the water. It's even got this nice little wooden uh It's even got this nice little wooden uh It's even got this nice little wooden uh fence here so no one falls in. Gracie fence here so no one falls in. Gracie fence here so no one falls in. Gracie legitimately thinks every single cabin legitimately thinks every single cabin legitimately thinks every single cabin is our cabin. That is not our cabin. is our cabin. That is not our cabin. is our cabin. That is not our cabin. Grace, come on. We're over here. Come Grace, come on. We're over here. Come Grace, come on. We're over here. Come on, Gracie. Come on. I trust me. I I on, Gracie. Come on. I trust me. I I on, Gracie. Come on. I trust me. I I know where we're staying. Thank God you know where we're staying. Thank God you know where we're staying. Thank God you never get lost. You'll never find your never get lost. You'll never find your never get lost. You'll never find your way home. [laughter] way home. [laughter] way home. [laughter] This is not it either. Grace, I think This is not it either. Grace, I think This is not it either. Grace, I think she's color blind. We have a blue one. she's color blind. We have a blue one. she's color blind. We have a blue one. We got a blue one. Come on. Yep. This is We got a blue one. Come on. Yep. This is We got a blue one. Come on. Yep. This is it. This is the one. it. This is the one. it. This is the one. There you go. There you go. There you go. Now you know. This is probably one of my Now you know. This is probably one of my Now you know. This is probably one of my favorite things about staying at for favorite things about staying at for favorite things about staying at for wilderness. Just hanging out on the deck wilderness. Just hanging out on the deck wilderness. Just hanging out on the deck with Gracie, watching the sunset. It is with Gracie, watching the sunset. It is with Gracie, watching the sunset. It is so cozy out right now. Let me show you so cozy out right now. Let me show you so cozy out right now. Let me show you what I'm looking at. The sun is starting what I'm looking at. The sun is starting what I'm looking at. The sun is starting to set and I can see the rays peeking to set and I can see the rays peeking to set and I can see the rays peeking through the moss. And we're just hanging through the moss. And we're just hanging through the moss. And we're just hanging out here. Graciey's in her bed there. out here. Graciey's in her bed there. out here. Graciey's in her bed there. It's very cozy and relaxing. A nice uh It's very cozy and relaxing. A nice uh It's very cozy and relaxing. A nice uh nice little Christmas Fort Wilderness nice little Christmas Fort Wilderness nice little Christmas Fort Wilderness retreat. Yes. What a good girl. We got retreat. Yes. What a good girl. We got retreat. Yes. What a good girl. We got to go pick up our friends up front. But to go pick up our friends up front. But to go pick up our friends up front. But look at how amazing this is looking as look at how amazing this is looking as look at how amazing this is looking as it gets darker. This is definitely the it gets darker. This is definitely the it gets darker. This is definitely the best uh site or cabin I've seen yet. best uh site or cabin I've seen yet. best uh site or cabin I've seen yet. Look, it goes all the way around. Wow. Look, it goes all the way around. Wow. Look, it goes all the way around. Wow. &gt;&gt; I think they have every character. &gt;&gt; I think they have every character. &gt;&gt; I think they have every character. &gt;&gt; They definitely do. Holy moly. Look at &gt;&gt; They definitely do. Holy moly. Look at &gt;&gt; They definitely do. Holy moly. Look at this. It actually wraps around to this. It actually wraps around to this. It actually wraps around to farther than their actual campsite. farther than their actual campsite. farther than their actual campsite. &gt;&gt; It is. Look at the gigantic snowman, &gt;&gt; It is. Look at the gigantic snowman, &gt;&gt; It is. Look at the gigantic snowman, too. Right at the end there. too. Right at the end there. too. Right at the end there. &gt;&gt; Wow. I'm so excited. &gt;&gt; Wow. I'm so excited. &gt;&gt; Wow. I'm so excited. Now that it's getting dark out, I had to Now that it's getting dark out, I had to Now that it's getting dark out, I had to get a little bundled up because the get a little bundled up because the get a little bundled up because the temperatures are going to get real low temperatures are going to get real low temperatures are going to get real low tonight. And when you're driving around tonight. And when you're driving around tonight. And when you're driving around on the golf cart, it gets super cold. on the golf cart, it gets super cold. on the golf cart, it gets super cold. So, I picked up a nice little scarf uh So, I picked up a nice little scarf uh So, I picked up a nice little scarf uh from the gift shop. It's a Mickey scarf. from the gift shop. It's a Mickey scarf. from the gift shop. It's a Mickey scarf. Look at that. I don't wear scarfs that Look at that. I don't wear scarfs that Look at that. I don't wear scarfs that much, but I kind of like it. And if it much, but I kind of like it. And if it much, but I kind of like it. And if it keeps me warm, I'd be happy to wear it. keeps me warm, I'd be happy to wear it. keeps me warm, I'd be happy to wear it. And like I said, you know, I don't get And like I said, you know, I don't get And like I said, you know, I don't get many days to get all uh I don't know how many days to get all uh I don't know how many days to get all uh I don't know how to work a scarf. Is that how it's done? to work a scarf. Is that how it's done? to work a scarf. Is that how it's done? Is one side in or one side out? Now I Is one side in or one side out? Now I Is one side in or one side out? Now I don't even know. Now I look like Goofy. don't even know. Now I look like Goofy. don't even know. Now I look like Goofy. Promise has joined up with us. And look Promise has joined up with us. And look Promise has joined up with us. And look at she brought some festive lights for at she brought some festive lights for at she brought some festive lights for the golf cart. the golf cart. the golf cart. &gt;&gt; Did you even come to Fort Wilderness if &gt;&gt; Did you even come to Fort Wilderness if &gt;&gt; Did you even come to Fort Wilderness if you did not decorate your golf cart? you did not decorate your golf cart? you did not decorate your golf cart? &gt;&gt; This is much better. Look at this. &gt;&gt; This is much better. Look at this. &gt;&gt; This is much better. Look at this. &gt;&gt; That's some YouTube vlog lighting. &gt;&gt; That's some YouTube vlog lighting. &gt;&gt; That's some YouTube vlog lighting. That's good. That's good. That's good. &gt;&gt; Wow. I'm ready to go. I think we're &gt;&gt; Wow. I'm ready to go. I think we're &gt;&gt; Wow. I'm ready to go. I think we're going to make our way up to the going to make our way up to the going to make our way up to the campfire. It's time to roast some campfire. It's time to roast some campfire. It's time to roast some s'mores. I was going to say sing some s'mores. I was going to say sing some s'mores. I was going to say sing some s'mores. Roast some s'mores and sing s'mores. Roast some s'mores and sing s'mores. Roast some s'mores and sing some songs. Oh, we got a good display some songs. Oh, we got a good display some songs. Oh, we got a good display over here. Look at this. And they got over here. Look at this. And they got over here. Look at this. And they got the Grinch. I'm seeing everything from the Grinch. I'm seeing everything from the Grinch. I'm seeing everything from the Grinch to Bucky. Oh, is that Kevin the Grinch to Bucky. Oh, is that Kevin the Grinch to Bucky. Oh, is that Kevin from the office and Kevin's chili back from the office and Kevin's chili back from the office and Kevin's chili back there? Wow. Actually, look at this whole there? Wow. Actually, look at this whole there? Wow. Actually, look at this whole pathway. You can see Santa. What are you pathway. You can see Santa. What are you pathway. You can see Santa. What are you doing? doing? doing? &gt;&gt; I know he's dancing, &gt;&gt; I know he's dancing, &gt;&gt; I know he's dancing, &gt;&gt; buddy. &gt;&gt; buddy. &gt;&gt; buddy. &gt;&gt; Look at all the pretty lights on this &gt;&gt; Look at all the pretty lights on this &gt;&gt; Look at all the pretty lights on this one right here. And I like the cutouts, one right here. And I like the cutouts, one right here. And I like the cutouts, too. They have a nice little table area too. They have a nice little table area too. They have a nice little table area over there. over there. over there. &gt;&gt; Wow. Look at this, guys. Promise. I feel like you stayed over Promise. I feel like you stayed over Promise. I feel like you stayed over here one time, didn't you? here one time, didn't you? here one time, didn't you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I've been in like every loop &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I've been in like every loop &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I've been in like every loop over. over. over. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Look at the hitchhiking ghost &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Look at the hitchhiking ghost &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Look at the hitchhiking ghost on the back of that golf cart. on the back of that golf cart. on the back of that golf cart. &gt;&gt; Hickory Hollow is my favorite loop. That &gt;&gt; Hickory Hollow is my favorite loop. That &gt;&gt; Hickory Hollow is my favorite loop. That &gt;&gt; Oh, that's not Sven. That's just a &gt;&gt; Oh, that's not Sven. That's just a &gt;&gt; Oh, that's not Sven. That's just a regular reindeers. Look at the elves, regular reindeers. Look at the elves, regular reindeers. Look at the elves, though. Oh, look at Santa. though. Oh, look at Santa. though. Oh, look at Santa. &gt;&gt; I know him. &gt;&gt; I know him. &gt;&gt; I know him. &gt;&gt; I [clears throat] know him. &gt;&gt; I [clears throat] know him. &gt;&gt; I [clears throat] know him. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. It all like moves. &gt;&gt; And they have &gt;&gt; And they have &gt;&gt; And they have &gt;&gt; Oh my god, guys. Holy moly. Look at &gt;&gt; Oh my god, guys. Holy moly. Look at &gt;&gt; Oh my god, guys. Holy moly. Look at this. Wow. this. Wow. this. Wow. &gt;&gt; Why are some of them in bikinis? &gt;&gt; Why are some of them in bikinis? &gt;&gt; Why are some of them in bikinis? [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; That is something else. This one's &gt;&gt; That is something else. This one's &gt;&gt; That is something else. This one's pretty with the lights, too. pretty with the lights, too. pretty with the lights, too. &gt;&gt; This is starting to remind me of &gt;&gt; This is starting to remind me of &gt;&gt; This is starting to remind me of Halloween Horror Nights here. Halloween Horror Nights here. Halloween Horror Nights here. &gt;&gt; That's like all this goodwill towards my &gt;&gt; That's like all this goodwill towards my &gt;&gt; That's like all this goodwill towards my fellow man. Nonsense. Nonsense. fellow man. Nonsense. Nonsense. fellow man. Nonsense. Nonsense. And all this infernal carol singing. All And all this infernal carol singing. All And all this infernal carol singing. All this happy merry making has driven me to this happy merry making has driven me to this happy merry making has driven me to madness. Shoo away from me. madness. Shoo away from me. madness. Shoo away from me. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; See you later. It got a little cold, so &gt;&gt; See you later. It got a little cold, so &gt;&gt; See you later. It got a little cold, so we came back to the cabin. Oh, Gracie. we came back to the cabin. Oh, Gracie. we came back to the cabin. Oh, Gracie. Oh, someone's got a shot in. [laughter] Oh, someone's got a shot in. [laughter] Oh, someone's got a shot in. [laughter] We locked him out. Graciey's barking We locked him out. Graciey's barking We locked him out. Graciey's barking like, "Who's at the front door?" But we like, "Who's at the front door?" But we like, "Who's at the front door?" But we It got a little cold and uh we figured It got a little cold and uh we figured It got a little cold and uh we figured we'd come back to the cabin. And now I we'd come back to the cabin. And now I we'd come back to the cabin. And now I think we're going to get ready and uh go think we're going to get ready and uh go think we're going to get ready and uh go to the campfire sing along. The Chip and to the campfire sing along. The Chip and to the campfire sing along. The Chip and Dale campfire sing along. We made it Dale campfire sing along. We made it Dale campfire sing along. We made it down to Chip and Dale's campfire down to Chip and Dale's campfire down to Chip and Dale's campfire singalong. They've got a couple of fire singalong. They've got a couple of fire singalong. They've got a couple of fire pits going, food trucks, and uh some pits going, food trucks, and uh some pits going, food trucks, and uh some free s'mores. Well, I think uh you get free s'mores. Well, I think uh you get free s'mores. Well, I think uh you get free marshmallows. You got to pay for free marshmallows. You got to pay for free marshmallows. You got to pay for the chocolate and graham crackers, but the chocolate and graham crackers, but the chocolate and graham crackers, but they're going to do a little uh sing they're going to do a little uh sing they're going to do a little uh sing along show. And they got some Christmas along show. And they got some Christmas along show. And they got some Christmas lights. We're going to roast some lights. We're going to roast some lights. We're going to roast some s'mores. So, you get s'mores. You get s'mores. So, you get s'mores. You get s'mores. So, you get s'mores. You get marshmallows, Hershey's, graham marshmallows, Hershey's, graham marshmallows, Hershey's, graham crackers. All for what? $10? crackers. All for what? $10? crackers. All for what? $10? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It came out to about $10. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It came out to about $10. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It came out to about $10. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And you get two sticks. &gt;&gt; And you get two sticks. &gt;&gt; And you get two sticks. &gt;&gt; 59 cents additional for each one. &gt;&gt; 59 cents additional for each one. &gt;&gt; 59 cents additional for each one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you want an extra stick, it &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you want an extra stick, it &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you want an extra stick, it cost 59. cost 59. cost 59. &gt;&gt; It's [music] great. [music] &gt;&gt; I actually like my marshmallow burnt. I &gt;&gt; I actually like my marshmallow burnt. I &gt;&gt; I actually like my marshmallow burnt. I like it nice and uh charred up. I don't like it nice and uh charred up. I don't like it nice and uh charred up. I don't want to eat too many marshmallows cuz want to eat too many marshmallows cuz want to eat too many marshmallows cuz we're going to get strawberry shortcake we're going to get strawberry shortcake we're going to get strawberry shortcake at Hoopt. So, one last marshmallow. at Hoopt. So, one last marshmallow. at Hoopt. So, one last marshmallow. Is [music] the season to be jolly dawn we now are gay apparel [singing] tro. tro. tro. [music] &gt;&gt; You better watch out. You better not &gt;&gt; You better watch out. You better not &gt;&gt; You better watch out. You better not cry. [music] You better not pout. I'm cry. [music] You better not pout. I'm cry. [music] You better not pout. I'm telling you why. Santa Claus is coming telling you why. Santa Claus is coming telling you why. Santa Claus is coming to town. to town. to town. I love seeing all the lights all lit up I love seeing all the lights all lit up I love seeing all the lights all lit up now. And they got a nice Christmas tree. now. And they got a nice Christmas tree. now. And they got a nice Christmas tree. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; I like your sweater. &gt;&gt; I like your sweater. &gt;&gt; I like your sweater. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at the Christmas tree over &gt;&gt; Oh, look at the Christmas tree over &gt;&gt; Oh, look at the Christmas tree over here. Sean's rocking a nice little here. Sean's rocking a nice little here. Sean's rocking a nice little flannel. flannel. flannel. &gt;&gt; Little Roosevelt flannel. &gt;&gt; Little Roosevelt flannel. &gt;&gt; Little Roosevelt flannel. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; Best in the game. &gt;&gt; Best in the game. &gt;&gt; Best in the game. &gt;&gt; And they do horse carriage sleigh rides, &gt;&gt; And they do horse carriage sleigh rides, &gt;&gt; And they do horse carriage sleigh rides, actually. Wow, look at that. So bright actually. Wow, look at that. So bright actually. Wow, look at that. So bright and blue. We have a couple of minutes and blue. We have a couple of minutes and blue. We have a couple of minutes before they ring the dinner bell. And I before they ring the dinner bell. And I before they ring the dinner bell. And I just want to hang out and take in all of just want to hang out and take in all of just want to hang out and take in all of the ambience, the music, the Christmas the ambience, the music, the Christmas the ambience, the music, the Christmas lights. It's so beautiful here during lights. It's so beautiful here during lights. It's so beautiful here during the holidays. It's amazing. Look, I'm the holidays. It's amazing. Look, I'm the holidays. It's amazing. Look, I'm wearing a scarf, a hoodie. Can you hear wearing a scarf, a hoodie. Can you hear wearing a scarf, a hoodie. Can you hear the music? This is really maximum the music? This is really maximum the music? This is really maximum coziness. [music] coziness. [music] coziness. [music] Look at all the decorations there. Look Look at all the decorations there. Look Look at all the decorations there. Look at it in here. It's beautiful. Oh, wow. at it in here. It's beautiful. Oh, wow. at it in here. It's beautiful. Oh, wow. I love it. I love it. I love it. But look at all of the Christmas But look at all of the Christmas But look at all of the Christmas decorations. And the stage is right up decorations. And the stage is right up decorations. And the stage is right up there. So, we have a pretty good spot to there. So, we have a pretty good spot to there. So, we have a pretty good spot to start. We got cornbread, coleslaw, and start. We got cornbread, coleslaw, and start. We got cornbread, coleslaw, and salad. We've got our uh dinner napkins. salad. We've got our uh dinner napkins. salad. We've got our uh dinner napkins. I'm ready to do some waving. I skipped I'm ready to do some waving. I skipped I'm ready to do some waving. I skipped the salad. I'll have a little cornbread, the salad. I'll have a little cornbread, the salad. I'll have a little cornbread, but I like to save all my appetite for but I like to save all my appetite for but I like to save all my appetite for the fried chicken and the mashed the fried chicken and the mashed the fried chicken and the mashed potatoes. And uh they're going to start potatoes. And uh they're going to start potatoes. And uh they're going to start bringing out the food uh soon. And then bringing out the food uh soon. And then bringing out the food uh soon. And then the show's going to start and you're the show's going to start and you're the show's going to start and you're going to just like hang out, sing, going to just like hang out, sing, going to just like hang out, sing, laugh, and just have a good time while laugh, and just have a good time while laugh, and just have a good time while eating food. The Hoopdoo reviewer. Hope you have a great time at the Walt Hope you have a great time at the Walt Hope you have a great time at the Walt [music] Disney World Resort. Yeah, folks, let's hear [music] the Hey there. Hey there. Hey there. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; la. [singing] [music] &gt;&gt; Here's a friend that's full of hope. Say &gt;&gt; Here's a friend that's full of hope. Say &gt;&gt; Here's a friend that's full of hope. Say hello. [music] hello. [music] hello. [music] &gt;&gt; Here comes the drum. Y'all take a little &gt;&gt; Here comes the drum. Y'all take a little &gt;&gt; Here comes the drum. Y'all take a little water in your lips. water in your lips. water in your lips. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Lots of hoots and last for you. to bring &gt;&gt; Lots of hoots and last for you. to bring &gt;&gt; Lots of hoots and last for you. to bring Miss Dolly through [music] [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Tennessee. &gt;&gt; Tennessee. &gt;&gt; Tennessee. Tennessee. Tennessee. Tennessee. &gt;&gt; The chicken's here. &gt;&gt; The chicken's here. &gt;&gt; The chicken's here. [music] [singing] [music] [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; The food has arrived. We've already dove &gt;&gt; The food has arrived. We've already dove &gt;&gt; The food has arrived. We've already dove into the chicken. Now I've got some into the chicken. Now I've got some into the chicken. Now I've got some ribs, baked beans, mashed potatoes, mac ribs, baked beans, mashed potatoes, mac ribs, baked beans, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, all of the fixings. [music] and cheese, all of the fixings. [music] and cheese, all of the fixings. [music] &gt;&gt; What's better, Danny? Ribs at the &gt;&gt; What's better, Danny? Ribs at the &gt;&gt; What's better, Danny? Ribs at the hoopdoo or ribs in the ocean? hoopdoo or ribs in the ocean? hoopdoo or ribs in the ocean? &gt;&gt; Ribs in the ocean. &gt;&gt; Ribs in the ocean. &gt;&gt; Ribs in the ocean. &gt;&gt; Ribs in the ocean. They'll be [music] &gt;&gt; Ribs in the ocean. They'll be [music] &gt;&gt; Ribs in the ocean. They'll be [music] back out to sing and do a lot more skits back out to sing and do a lot more skits back out to sing and do a lot more skits after we eat a little bit. Right now, after we eat a little bit. Right now, after we eat a little bit. Right now, it's cool to hear some Christmas music it's cool to hear some Christmas music it's cool to hear some Christmas music on the banjo [music] up there, eating on the banjo [music] up there, eating on the banjo [music] up there, eating ribs, relaxing. I like it. [music] ribs, relaxing. I like it. [music] ribs, relaxing. I like it. [music] Grandma got old by a reindeer Grandma got old by a reindeer Grandma got old by a reindeer knocking off your car on Christmas Eve. knocking off your car on Christmas Eve. knocking off your car on Christmas Eve. You can say there's no such thing as You can say there's no such thing as You can say there's no such thing as [music] Santa. [music] Santa. [music] Santa. But after [music] [music] [music] little little little [singing] [music] [singing] Pennsylvania [music] traveling [singing] down to sunshine traveling [singing] down to sunshine traveling [singing] down to sunshine [music] to Mississippi to Mississippi to Mississippi the [singing] Everything is the [singing] Everything is the [singing] Everything is always [music] [singing] [music] gang. gang. gang. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Wow. [singing] [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; The moment we've all been waiting for &gt;&gt; The moment we've all been waiting for &gt;&gt; The moment we've all been waiting for three days at the bird cage. [music] Oh, wait. We're the only ones doing Oh, wait. We're the only ones doing Oh, wait. We're the only ones doing that. that. that. &gt;&gt; Turn it around. Turn it around. &gt;&gt; Turn it around. Turn it around. &gt;&gt; Turn it around. Turn it around. &gt;&gt; Oh, I guess IT [music] [music] [music] a Christmas. We wish [singing] you a a Christmas. We wish [singing] you a a Christmas. We wish [singing] you a merry Christmas. We [music] wish you a merry Christmas. We [music] wish you a merry Christmas. We [music] wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year merry Christmas and a happy new year merry Christmas and a happy new year [music] [music] [music] [singing] and [singing] and [singing] and we wish you a merry Christmas. We wish [music] you a merry Christmas. We wish [music] you a merry Christmas. We wish [music] you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish [music and singing] you a merry [music and singing] you a merry [music and singing] you a merry Christmas Christmas Christmas and a [music and singing] happy new and a [music and singing] happy new and a [music and singing] happy new year. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And I guess with that, I think we are &gt;&gt; And I guess with that, I think we are &gt;&gt; And I guess with that, I think we are done for the night. I had a lot of fun done for the night. I had a lot of fun done for the night. I had a lot of fun at Hoopti and I loved all of the at Hoopti and I loved all of the at Hoopti and I loved all of the Christmas songs they were singing. The Christmas songs they were singing. The Christmas songs they were singing. The food was amazing. I know I didn't go food was amazing. I know I didn't go food was amazing. I know I didn't go into much detail. I've done several into much detail. I've done several into much detail. I've done several videos there in the past, but I just videos there in the past, but I just videos there in the past, but I just wanted to hang out, relax, and enjoy, wanted to hang out, relax, and enjoy, wanted to hang out, relax, and enjoy, you know, some good food and music with you know, some good food and music with you know, some good food and music with some friends, and I think that's exactly some friends, and I think that's exactly some friends, and I think that's exactly what we did. But now it's time to go to what we did. But now it's time to go to what we did. But now it's time to go to bed. I can't wait to wake up in the bed. I can't wait to wake up in the bed. I can't wait to wake up in the morning and go get my cup of coffee and morning and go get my cup of coffee and morning and go get my cup of coffee and just enjoy the resort a little bit more. just enjoy the resort a little bit more. just enjoy the resort a little bit more. So, I guess we'll uh see you in the So, I guess we'll uh see you in the So, I guess we'll uh see you in the morning. See you in the morning. morning. See you in the morning. morning. See you in the morning. And good morning from Fort Wilderness. And good morning from Fort Wilderness. And good morning from Fort Wilderness. Me and Gracie had a nice night's sleep. Me and Gracie had a nice night's sleep. Me and Gracie had a nice night's sleep. I went up and got my coffee along with I went up and got my coffee along with I went up and got my coffee along with some breakfast and we're going to hang some breakfast and we're going to hang some breakfast and we're going to hang out and just uh enjoy our last uh little out and just uh enjoy our last uh little out and just uh enjoy our last uh little bit of time here. I really think we got bit of time here. I really think we got bit of time here. I really think we got such a great cabin. Look how cozy this such a great cabin. Look how cozy this such a great cabin. Look how cozy this is. So peaceful and quiet. I haven't is. So peaceful and quiet. I haven't is. So peaceful and quiet. I haven't seen any wildlife. I would love to see seen any wildlife. I would love to see seen any wildlife. I would love to see some critters. I did see some deer, but some critters. I did see some deer, but some critters. I did see some deer, but that was actually when we were driving that was actually when we were driving that was actually when we were driving in. I got breakfast from Trails End and in. I got breakfast from Trails End and in. I got breakfast from Trails End and I don't even know if you would say it's I don't even know if you would say it's I don't even know if you would say it's breakfast. They have buckaroo bread breakfast. They have buckaroo bread breakfast. They have buckaroo bread there and it's kind of served family there and it's kind of served family there and it's kind of served family style and it's amazing. But they style and it's amazing. But they style and it's amazing. But they recently started selling an apple crisp recently started selling an apple crisp recently started selling an apple crisp bread pudding. So, I decided to get a bread pudding. So, I decided to get a bread pudding. So, I decided to get a whole entire container of apple crisp whole entire container of apple crisp whole entire container of apple crisp bread pudding for breakfast. Bread bread pudding for breakfast. Bread bread pudding for breakfast. Bread pudding for breakfast. Look at this, pudding for breakfast. Look at this, pudding for breakfast. Look at this, though. Doesn't it look so amazing? I'm though. Doesn't it look so amazing? I'm though. Doesn't it look so amazing? I'm going to try to take this right off. And going to try to take this right off. And going to try to take this right off. And it's served hot. They have it ready. So, it's served hot. They have it ready. So, it's served hot. They have it ready. So, you just go up and pick it up and uh you you just go up and pick it up and uh you you just go up and pick it up and uh you get to enjoy. It looks good. I don't get to enjoy. It looks good. I don't get to enjoy. It looks good. I don't know if it's more apple crisp or if it's know if it's more apple crisp or if it's know if it's more apple crisp or if it's more bread pudding, but we're going to more bread pudding, but we're going to more bread pudding, but we're going to find out. Oh, I think it's like a find out. Oh, I think it's like a find out. Oh, I think it's like a mixture. Oh, that looks really good, mixture. Oh, that looks really good, mixture. Oh, that looks really good, actually. Bread pudding and camping. I actually. Bread pudding and camping. I actually. Bread pudding and camping. I didn't even know that's a combination I didn't even know that's a combination I didn't even know that's a combination I needed in my life. needed in my life. needed in my life. I think I'm in love. This is so I think I'm in love. This is so I think I'm in love. This is so delicious. And it is equally like apple delicious. And it is equally like apple delicious. And it is equally like apple crisp and bread pudding cuz it's got the crisp and bread pudding cuz it's got the crisp and bread pudding cuz it's got the crispiness on the top and then the bread crispiness on the top and then the bread crispiness on the top and then the bread pudding in the bottom. I would get this pudding in the bottom. I would get this pudding in the bottom. I would get this again. But the buckaroo bread is good. again. But the buckaroo bread is good. again. But the buckaroo bread is good. It has a firm consistency kind of like It has a firm consistency kind of like It has a firm consistency kind of like the Ohana bread pudding but made with the Ohana bread pudding but made with the Ohana bread pudding but made with apples. And I think that's amazing. Wow. apples. And I think that's amazing. Wow. apples. And I think that's amazing. Wow. I don't know if this is new or if I've I don't know if this is new or if I've I don't know if this is new or if I've never seen it, but I'm glad I tried it never seen it, but I'm glad I tried it never seen it, but I'm glad I tried it this morning on this lovely morning. You this morning on this lovely morning. You this morning on this lovely morning. You want a tater tot? Oh, and with that, I think we have to check and with that, I think we have to check and with that, I think we have to check out. I'm actually really sad, but it's out. I'm actually really sad, but it's out. I'm actually really sad, but it's time for us to leave. You know, the time for us to leave. You know, the time for us to leave. You know, the resort's amazing if you're just sitting resort's amazing if you're just sitting resort's amazing if you're just sitting around waiting for 11:00 a.m. It's like around waiting for 11:00 a.m. It's like around waiting for 11:00 a.m. It's like like 5 minutes. My bags are packed and like 5 minutes. My bags are packed and like 5 minutes. My bags are packed and I'm just sitting out here. Graciey's I'm just sitting out here. Graciey's I'm just sitting out here. Graciey's relaxing. We're just enjoying the last relaxing. We're just enjoying the last relaxing. We're just enjoying the last couple of minutes. But overall, I hope couple of minutes. But overall, I hope couple of minutes. But overall, I hope you guys enjoyed our little uh Christmas you guys enjoyed our little uh Christmas you guys enjoyed our little uh Christmas vacation at Fort Wilderness. And like I vacation at Fort Wilderness. And like I vacation at Fort Wilderness. And like I said, I uh want to keep this tradition said, I uh want to keep this tradition said, I uh want to keep this tradition going and hopefully uh come back next going and hopefully uh come back next going and hopefully uh come back next year. So, hope you guys enjoyed the year. So, hope you guys enjoyed the year. So, hope you guys enjoyed the video because I enjoyed making it. video because I enjoyed making it. video because I enjoyed making it. Anyhoos, bye. I really feel like she Anyhoos, bye. I really feel like she Anyhoos, bye. I really feel like she does not want to leave either. We got to does not want to leave either. We got to does not want to leave either. We got to go. Grace, you ready?
