---
video_id: A7xvqLrV3tA
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Springs 2026 | New Gideon’s Cookie, Sprinkles CLOSED & Everglazed Donuts | Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7xvqLrV3tA
---
Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Disney Springs and it is officially Disney Springs and it is officially Disney Springs and it is officially year by trying the new cookie of the year by trying the new cookie of the year by trying the new cookie of the month at Gideon's Bake House, doing a month at Gideon's Bake House, doing a month at Gideon's Bake House, doing a little shopping around the world of little shopping around the world of little shopping around the world of Disney, and talking about all of the big Disney, and talking about all of the big Disney, and talking about all of the big changes coming to the Springs in 2026. changes coming to the Springs in 2026. changes coming to the Springs in 2026. So, we're going to eat some cookies, do So, we're going to eat some cookies, do So, we're going to eat some cookies, do some shopping, and have a beautiful some shopping, and have a beautiful some shopping, and have a beautiful Disney Springs kind of day. Anywho, Disney Springs kind of day. Anywho, Disney Springs kind of day. Anywho, let's go do this. It's been actually let's go do this. It's been actually let's go do this. It's been actually cold here in Florida the past couple of cold here in Florida the past couple of cold here in Florida the past couple of days. Temperatures have been getting days. Temperatures have been getting days. Temperatures have been getting down to the 40s, so I'm wearing a nice down to the 40s, so I'm wearing a nice down to the 40s, so I'm wearing a nice warm hoodie. And we also heard the news warm hoodie. And we also heard the news warm hoodie. And we also heard the news that Sprinkles cupcakes closed. that Sprinkles cupcakes closed. that Sprinkles cupcakes closed. Graciey's probably going to be a little Graciey's probably going to be a little Graciey's probably going to be a little upset that she's not going to get her upset that she's not going to get her upset that she's not going to get her cupcakes anymore, but there's a lot of cupcakes anymore, but there's a lot of cupcakes anymore, but there's a lot of sweet treats out there, and I'm sure sweet treats out there, and I'm sure sweet treats out there, and I'm sure we'll find something good for her. I we'll find something good for her. I we'll find something good for her. I can't believe we're in the year 2026. I can't believe we're in the year 2026. I can't believe we're in the year 2026. I feel like that sounds so futuristic. And feel like that sounds so futuristic. And feel like that sounds so futuristic. And some of its wins, but sadly it had a lot some of its wins, but sadly it had a lot some of its wins, but sadly it had a lot of losses. And I want to talk about that of losses. And I want to talk about that of losses. And I want to talk about that later on at the end of the video along later on at the end of the video along later on at the end of the video along with giving you a recap of the year and with giving you a recap of the year and with giving you a recap of the year and what I did over the holiday season. For what I did over the holiday season. For what I did over the holiday season. For now, I just want to keep moving forward now, I just want to keep moving forward now, I just want to keep moving forward just like Walt Disney said and bring in just like Walt Disney said and bring in just like Walt Disney said and bring in the new year and show you all of the the new year and show you all of the the new year and show you all of the cool things that Disney Springs is going cool things that Disney Springs is going cool things that Disney Springs is going to be doing in 2026. Like I mentioned, to be doing in 2026. Like I mentioned, to be doing in 2026. Like I mentioned, Sprinkles is closed. The whole company Sprinkles is closed. The whole company Sprinkles is closed. The whole company closed and Gideonss is getting an closed and Gideonss is getting an closed and Gideonss is getting an addition. So, they're going to make it a addition. So, they're going to make it a addition. So, they're going to make it a little bit bigger, I think. So, might as little bit bigger, I think. So, might as little bit bigger, I think. So, might as well start there. Go try the cookie of well start there. Go try the cookie of well start there. Go try the cookie of the month and uh continue our monthly the month and uh continue our monthly the month and uh continue our monthly updates. It's so busy here at the updates. It's so busy here at the updates. It's so busy here at the Springs. They got me parked at the top Springs. They got me parked at the top Springs. They got me parked at the top of the orange garage and I did my intro of the orange garage and I did my intro of the orange garage and I did my intro at my house because like I said, this at my house because like I said, this at my house because like I said, this Florida weather has been so Florida weather has been so Florida weather has been so unpredictable. I mean, look at it out unpredictable. I mean, look at it out unpredictable. I mean, look at it out right now. It looks cold and gray and it right now. It looks cold and gray and it right now. It looks cold and gray and it actually is. The temperatures have been actually is. The temperatures have been actually is. The temperatures have been getting super chilly at night. And uh getting super chilly at night. And uh getting super chilly at night. And uh I'm sure it's going to be a nice chilly I'm sure it's going to be a nice chilly I'm sure it's going to be a nice chilly day here. And I'm excited to show you day here. And I'm excited to show you day here. And I'm excited to show you guys everything new happening in 2026 guys everything new happening in 2026 guys everything new happening in 2026 here at the Springs. It's honestly still here at the Springs. It's honestly still here at the Springs. It's honestly still kind of very busy at the Springs even kind of very busy at the Springs even kind of very busy at the Springs even though we're already past New Year's though we're already past New Year's though we're already past New Year's Day. I feel like people don't just leave Day. I feel like people don't just leave Day. I feel like people don't just leave on the holiday, they stick around for a on the holiday, they stick around for a on the holiday, they stick around for a couple days. So, it's going to be a couple days. So, it's going to be a couple days. So, it's going to be a little busy here. And I think we should little busy here. And I think we should little busy here. And I think we should probably start by making our way over to probably start by making our way over to probably start by making our way over to Gideon's. And I want to show you what I Gideon's. And I want to show you what I Gideon's. And I want to show you what I was talking about with the expansion. was talking about with the expansion. was talking about with the expansion. It's all rumors, but uh there's It's all rumors, but uh there's It's all rumors, but uh there's something that popped up in one of the something that popped up in one of the something that popped up in one of the uh buildings that is empty just a couple uh buildings that is empty just a couple uh buildings that is empty just a couple of uh doors down from Gideon's and it's of uh doors down from Gideon's and it's of uh doors down from Gideon's and it's uh drawing heavy speculation. uh drawing heavy speculation. uh drawing heavy speculation. This is what I was talking about when I This is what I was talking about when I This is what I was talking about when I said a possible Gideon's expansion. This said a possible Gideon's expansion. This said a possible Gideon's expansion. This used to be the art of shaving and then used to be the art of shaving and then used to be the art of shaving and then they went out of business and it sat they went out of business and it sat they went out of business and it sat here for a while and recently some here for a while and recently some here for a while and recently some artwork has appeared in the windows. I'm artwork has appeared in the windows. I'm artwork has appeared in the windows. I'm not too sure if you can see it because not too sure if you can see it because not too sure if you can see it because of the glare, but it kind of looks like of the glare, but it kind of looks like of the glare, but it kind of looks like Gideon's artwork. And uh there's a heavy Gideon's artwork. And uh there's a heavy Gideon's artwork. And uh there's a heavy speculation that this might become a new speculation that this might become a new speculation that this might become a new Gideon's location, even maybe a mobile Gideon's location, even maybe a mobile Gideon's location, even maybe a mobile order pickup spot. And they have a sign order pickup spot. And they have a sign order pickup spot. And they have a sign that says, "Please pardon our that says, "Please pardon our that says, "Please pardon our appearance. Something new is coming appearance. Something new is coming appearance. Something new is coming soon." You can see the little character soon." You can see the little character soon." You can see the little character maybe over here. I'm going to try to maybe over here. I'm going to try to maybe over here. I'm going to try to give you the best look because like I give you the best look because like I give you the best look because like I said, the glare from the sun is hitting said, the glare from the sun is hitting said, the glare from the sun is hitting it. But it does look very uh guineish. it. But it does look very uh guineish. it. But it does look very uh guineish. Gideon-ish. I like that. I don't know if Gideon-ish. I like that. I don't know if Gideon-ish. I like that. I don't know if any of this is actually confirmed. I any of this is actually confirmed. I any of this is actually confirmed. I know a couple of big like Disney news know a couple of big like Disney news know a couple of big like Disney news outlets reported that Gideonss actually outlets reported that Gideonss actually outlets reported that Gideonss actually took over the lease. And like I said, took over the lease. And like I said, took over the lease. And like I said, that artwork, it definitely does look that artwork, it definitely does look that artwork, it definitely does look like artwork you would find in Gideonss. like artwork you would find in Gideonss. like artwork you would find in Gideonss. Either way, I think this is a plus and Either way, I think this is a plus and Either way, I think this is a plus and something Gideonss really needs. And I'm something Gideonss really needs. And I'm something Gideonss really needs. And I'm excited because they're starting off excited because they're starting off excited because they're starting off a brand new cookie on the menu like a brand new cookie on the menu like a brand new cookie on the menu like never made before. And it's a banana box never made before. And it's a banana box never made before. And it's a banana box pie cookie. This is a look at the menu pie cookie. This is a look at the menu pie cookie. This is a look at the menu itself. And it's even a new menu. It's itself. And it's even a new menu. It's itself. And it's even a new menu. It's nice and like kind of round. And then nice and like kind of round. And then nice and like kind of round. And then you can see right there the banana box you can see right there the banana box you can see right there the banana box pie cookie. A brand new cookie for the pie cookie. A brand new cookie for the pie cookie. A brand new cookie for the start of 2026. So now I think we're start of 2026. So now I think we're start of 2026. So now I think we're going to hop in line. I want to show you going to hop in line. I want to show you going to hop in line. I want to show you the line because it's definitely a the line because it's definitely a the line because it's definitely a little long. As you can see, they little long. As you can see, they little long. As you can see, they definitely need another location or a definitely need another location or a definitely need another location or a way to expand a little bit because the way to expand a little bit because the way to expand a little bit because the line first thing in the morning today is line first thing in the morning today is line first thing in the morning today is just about an hour. An hour wait for just about an hour. An hour wait for just about an hour. An hour wait for cookies, but they're worth it. So, we're cookies, but they're worth it. So, we're cookies, but they're worth it. So, we're going to hop on in and I'll let you know going to hop on in and I'll let you know going to hop on in and I'll let you know how long it takes. It took me just about how long it takes. It took me just about how long it takes. It took me just about an hour, but the cookies have been an hour, but the cookies have been an hour, but the cookies have been obtained. And I also got myself the obtained. And I also got myself the obtained. And I also got myself the banana cold brew. So, we're doing double banana cold brew. So, we're doing double banana cold brew. So, we're doing double bananas today. A banana cookie with a bananas today. A banana cookie with a bananas today. A banana cookie with a banana cold brew. Might as well start banana cold brew. Might as well start banana cold brew. Might as well start there. Take a little sip. Get the banana there. Take a little sip. Get the banana there. Take a little sip. Get the banana business started. business started. business started. Oh, that is so delicious. And the thing Oh, that is so delicious. And the thing Oh, that is so delicious. And the thing that I love about Gideonss is they use that I love about Gideonss is they use that I love about Gideonss is they use real bananas. And that flavor mixed with real bananas. And that flavor mixed with real bananas. And that flavor mixed with coffee. Like you wouldn't think banana coffee. Like you wouldn't think banana coffee. Like you wouldn't think banana and coffee go well together, but it and coffee go well together, but it and coffee go well together, but it really does. And I can't wait to try really does. And I can't wait to try really does. And I can't wait to try this with the cookie bite. Do the cookie this with the cookie bite. Do the cookie this with the cookie bite. Do the cookie combo. The cookie coffee combo. And here combo. The cookie coffee combo. And here combo. The cookie coffee combo. And here is a look at the new banana box pie is a look at the new banana box pie is a look at the new banana box pie cookie. Look at that. You can see the cookie. Look at that. You can see the cookie. Look at that. You can see the white chocolate morsels, the uh vanilla white chocolate morsels, the uh vanilla white chocolate morsels, the uh vanilla wafers on the top. Candied vanilla wafers on the top. Candied vanilla wafers on the top. Candied vanilla wafers, so that means the wafers were wafers, so that means the wafers were wafers, so that means the wafers were probably soaked in something sweet. And probably soaked in something sweet. And probably soaked in something sweet. And I can't wait to break open. You know, I I can't wait to break open. You know, I I can't wait to break open. You know, I love banana cookies. In fact, my love banana cookies. In fact, my love banana cookies. In fact, my favorite cookie at Gideons of all time favorite cookie at Gideons of all time favorite cookie at Gideons of all time is their regular banana bread chocolate is their regular banana bread chocolate is their regular banana bread chocolate chips. So, I have a feeling this one's chips. So, I have a feeling this one's chips. So, I have a feeling this one's going to go pretty high on my list. It going to go pretty high on my list. It going to go pretty high on my list. It feels a little funny wearing a big bulky feels a little funny wearing a big bulky feels a little funny wearing a big bulky hoodie in Florida. This is actually a hoodie in Florida. This is actually a hoodie in Florida. This is actually a Roosevelt's hoodie. It's a new Mickey Roosevelt's hoodie. It's a new Mickey Roosevelt's hoodie. It's a new Mickey Mouse collection. And I like Mickey's Mouse collection. And I like Mickey's Mouse collection. And I like Mickey's little thumbs up there. But uh let's little thumbs up there. But uh let's little thumbs up there. But uh let's break on into the cookie. Here we go. break on into the cookie. Here we go. break on into the cookie. Here we go. Let me give you a good Oh, it's so soft. Let me give you a good Oh, it's so soft. Let me give you a good Oh, it's so soft. I can feel how soft it is. But we're I can feel how soft it is. But we're I can feel how soft it is. But we're going to just break it right down the going to just break it right down the going to just break it right down the middle. Oh, look at that. I love banana middle. Oh, look at that. I love banana middle. Oh, look at that. I love banana cookies. Cheers to 2026. I honestly knew it was going to be I honestly knew it was going to be I honestly knew it was going to be amazing. I mean, like I said, I'm a big amazing. I mean, like I said, I'm a big amazing. I mean, like I said, I'm a big banana fan. And this one might rival the banana fan. And this one might rival the banana fan. And this one might rival the banana bread, chocolate chip that they banana bread, chocolate chip that they banana bread, chocolate chip that they serve there all the time. I love the serve there all the time. I love the serve there all the time. I love the candied vanilla wafers, white chocolate candied vanilla wafers, white chocolate candied vanilla wafers, white chocolate chips, and banana. And like I said, they chips, and banana. And like I said, they chips, and banana. And like I said, they use real banana flavoring in here. Like use real banana flavoring in here. Like use real banana flavoring in here. Like they probably puree the banana and add they probably puree the banana and add they probably puree the banana and add it in there. It is such a great cookie. it in there. It is such a great cookie. it in there. It is such a great cookie. And it's not too sweet because like I And it's not too sweet because like I And it's not too sweet because like I said, the banana taste is natural. You said, the banana taste is natural. You said, the banana taste is natural. You know, I was really hoping to start off know, I was really hoping to start off know, I was really hoping to start off the new year with a really delicious the new year with a really delicious the new year with a really delicious cookie and I think Gideon's came cookie and I think Gideon's came cookie and I think Gideon's came through. And you know how I said like through. And you know how I said like through. And you know how I said like it's natural banana flavoring because it's natural banana flavoring because it's natural banana flavoring because there is like fake banana banana there is like fake banana banana there is like fake banana banana flavoring. You ever have like the banana flavoring. You ever have like the banana flavoring. You ever have like the banana runs? I feel like that's a fake banana runs? I feel like that's a fake banana runs? I feel like that's a fake banana flavoring. But I still like it though. flavoring. But I still like it though. flavoring. But I still like it though. But nothing beats all natural. So now But nothing beats all natural. So now But nothing beats all natural. So now we're going to buy the uh we're going to we're going to buy the uh we're going to we're going to buy the uh we're going to try the cookie coffee combo bite. A try the cookie coffee combo bite. A try the cookie coffee combo bite. A little cookie. A little coffee. little cookie. A little coffee. little cookie. A little coffee. Well, that was great success and I'm Well, that was great success and I'm Well, that was great success and I'm glad that we ended up trying the new glad that we ended up trying the new glad that we ended up trying the new cookie of the month. Now, I want to keep cookie of the month. Now, I want to keep cookie of the month. Now, I want to keep moving along and talk about some of the moving along and talk about some of the moving along and talk about some of the other big changes happening in 2026. One other big changes happening in 2026. One other big changes happening in 2026. One of the big changes I've already talked of the big changes I've already talked of the big changes I've already talked about is Sprinkles closing. That's where about is Sprinkles closing. That's where about is Sprinkles closing. That's where I'm actually eating this cookie right I'm actually eating this cookie right I'm actually eating this cookie right now. They used to have tables and things now. They used to have tables and things now. They used to have tables and things outside, but like I said, the whole outside, but like I said, the whole outside, but like I said, the whole business uh went closed. Like even the business uh went closed. Like even the business uh went closed. Like even the Sprinkle locations outside of Disney are Sprinkle locations outside of Disney are Sprinkle locations outside of Disney are closed. And now uh I'm over here eating closed. And now uh I'm over here eating closed. And now uh I'm over here eating my cookie on nothing. There's nothing to my cookie on nothing. There's nothing to my cookie on nothing. There's nothing to eat it on. It's crazy that Sprinkles eat it on. It's crazy that Sprinkles eat it on. It's crazy that Sprinkles just closed all of a sudden like that. I just closed all of a sudden like that. I just closed all of a sudden like that. I think it was announced December like think it was announced December like think it was announced December like going to be opening any of their stores going to be opening any of their stores going to be opening any of their stores in 2026. So Gracie, you know, we're in 2026. So Gracie, you know, we're in 2026. So Gracie, you know, we're going to have to find her a new cupcake going to have to find her a new cupcake going to have to find her a new cupcake spot. If you didn't know, for I mean I spot. If you didn't know, for I mean I spot. If you didn't know, for I mean I would say like four years I've been would say like four years I've been would say like four years I've been coming to Disney Springs. And every coming to Disney Springs. And every coming to Disney Springs. And every single time I make a trip, I stop at single time I make a trip, I stop at single time I make a trip, I stop at Sprinkles not to get a cupcake for me, Sprinkles not to get a cupcake for me, Sprinkles not to get a cupcake for me, but a cupcake, a little like doggy but a cupcake, a little like doggy but a cupcake, a little like doggy cupcake that Gracie absolutely loves. cupcake that Gracie absolutely loves. cupcake that Gracie absolutely loves. And it's kind of been a tradition now And it's kind of been a tradition now And it's kind of been a tradition now that it's closed. I mean, there's a big that it's closed. I mean, there's a big that it's closed. I mean, there's a big market for dog cupcakes here at Spring. market for dog cupcakes here at Spring. market for dog cupcakes here at Spring. Somebody better step up. Maybe Gideonss Somebody better step up. Maybe Gideonss Somebody better step up. Maybe Gideonss will start making them. How cool would will start making them. How cool would will start making them. How cool would that be able to get my cookie and her that be able to get my cookie and her that be able to get my cookie and her pup cup all in one spot? And look at pup cup all in one spot? And look at pup cup all in one spot? And look at Sprinkles sitting here all closed up. Sprinkles sitting here all closed up. Sprinkles sitting here all closed up. They even decorated for Christmas this They even decorated for Christmas this They even decorated for Christmas this year. They still have their Christmas year. They still have their Christmas year. They still have their Christmas decorations up. It's some garland with decorations up. It's some garland with decorations up. It's some garland with some cupcakes. And they have a sign out some cupcakes. And they have a sign out some cupcakes. And they have a sign out front that says this location is closed front that says this location is closed front that says this location is closed today. Well, technically it's closed today. Well, technically it's closed today. Well, technically it's closed forever. And it's kind of just sad. But forever. And it's kind of just sad. But forever. And it's kind of just sad. But I don't think this building is gonna be I don't think this building is gonna be I don't think this building is gonna be empty for long. This is prime real empty for long. This is prime real empty for long. This is prime real estate here at Disney Springs. The ATM estate here at Disney Springs. The ATM estate here at Disney Springs. The ATM is not working. I think it's just a is not working. I think it's just a is not working. I think it's just a blank screen. And I miss all of this. I blank screen. And I miss all of this. I blank screen. And I miss all of this. I mean, I think Gracie is going to miss it mean, I think Gracie is going to miss it mean, I think Gracie is going to miss it the most, but I miss the jingle. I love the most, but I miss the jingle. I love the most, but I miss the jingle. I love Sprinkles. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. The Sprinkles. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. The Sprinkles. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. The best cupcake in the world. But now it's best cupcake in the world. But now it's best cupcake in the world. But now it's closed. Now that Sprinkles is officially closed. Now that Sprinkles is officially closed. Now that Sprinkles is officially closed. Like I said, this is prime real closed. Like I said, this is prime real closed. Like I said, this is prime real estate here at the Springs. So, let me estate here at the Springs. So, let me estate here at the Springs. So, let me know what you would like to see come know what you would like to see come know what you would like to see come here. I've been hearing talks of another here. I've been hearing talks of another here. I've been hearing talks of another like cupcake spot. What about a like cupcake spot. What about a like cupcake spot. What about a bookstore? What if Disney makes it like bookstore? What if Disney makes it like bookstore? What if Disney makes it like an interactive experience? Or who knows? an interactive experience? Or who knows? an interactive experience? Or who knows? It could be just like another quick It could be just like another quick It could be just like another quick service restaurant. And also, let me service restaurant. And also, let me service restaurant. And also, let me know if you have any recommendations know if you have any recommendations know if you have any recommendations because we got to find Gracie a new like because we got to find Gracie a new like because we got to find Gracie a new like snack spot here at the Springs. And I snack spot here at the Springs. And I snack spot here at the Springs. And I don't know any place that sells dog don't know any place that sells dog don't know any place that sells dog stuff. There is a dog like stand that uh stuff. There is a dog like stand that uh stuff. There is a dog like stand that uh they sell like different clothing and they sell like different clothing and they sell like different clothing and stuff. I'll check that out. But uh if stuff. I'll check that out. But uh if stuff. I'll check that out. But uh if you guys have any recommendations of you guys have any recommendations of you guys have any recommendations of some good dog treats here at the some good dog treats here at the some good dog treats here at the Springs, let me know in the comments. Springs, let me know in the comments. Springs, let me know in the comments. Now, I think we're going to move along Now, I think we're going to move along Now, I think we're going to move along and make our way up to the world of and make our way up to the world of and make our way up to the world of Disney in the co-op. I want to show you Disney in the co-op. I want to show you Disney in the co-op. I want to show you a little bit in there and then continue a little bit in there and then continue a little bit in there and then continue just exploring around the Springs. just exploring around the Springs. just exploring around the Springs. Exploring around the Springs. Exploring around the Springs. Exploring around the Springs. Oh wow, look at that. There's a guy Oh wow, look at that. There's a guy Oh wow, look at that. There's a guy wearing my shirt over there. We're going wearing my shirt over there. We're going wearing my shirt over there. We're going to go sneak up on him and say hi. Hold to go sneak up on him and say hi. Hold to go sneak up on him and say hi. Hold on. &gt;&gt; Hey, man. I love this shirt, dude. &gt;&gt; I said I am so honored to anybody that &gt;&gt; I said I am so honored to anybody that &gt;&gt; I said I am so honored to anybody that wears any of my merchandise. And I get wears any of my merchandise. And I get wears any of my merchandise. And I get so excited when I see it out and about so excited when I see it out and about so excited when I see it out and about in the parks. So, if you ever do wear in the parks. So, if you ever do wear in the parks. So, if you ever do wear like like any of my shirts or hats and I like like any of my shirts or hats and I like like any of my shirts or hats and I see you, I'm going to come up and say see you, I'm going to come up and say see you, I'm going to come up and say hi. And I think it's the coolest thing hi. And I think it's the coolest thing hi. And I think it's the coolest thing ever. And I just I always just feel ever. And I just I always just feel ever. And I just I always just feel completely honored. So, thank you so completely honored. So, thank you so completely honored. So, thank you so much. And uh I guess uh let's just keep much. And uh I guess uh let's just keep much. And uh I guess uh let's just keep moving along. I want to show you some of moving along. I want to show you some of moving along. I want to show you some of the cool stuff uh happening in 2026. the cool stuff uh happening in 2026. the cool stuff uh happening in 2026. You can definitely expect a lot of You can definitely expect a lot of You can definitely expect a lot of changes to happen in the co-op. In fact, changes to happen in the co-op. In fact, changes to happen in the co-op. In fact, they made a lot of changes right at the they made a lot of changes right at the they made a lot of changes right at the end of 2025. They put in the new Disney end of 2025. They put in the new Disney end of 2025. They put in the new Disney drop shop here, which is basically just drop shop here, which is basically just drop shop here, which is basically just uh like mystery box opening area. They uh like mystery box opening area. They uh like mystery box opening area. They have tons of little mystery packs. And have tons of little mystery packs. And have tons of little mystery packs. And then they moved uh the pet store and the then they moved uh the pet store and the then they moved uh the pet store and the cell phone store. I kind of love that cell phone store. I kind of love that cell phone store. I kind of love that they always switch things up in here cuz they always switch things up in here cuz they always switch things up in here cuz it makes it interesting. It makes you it makes it interesting. It makes you it makes it interesting. It makes you want to come and explore around. I mean, want to come and explore around. I mean, want to come and explore around. I mean, they always have like the centerpiece they always have like the centerpiece they always have like the centerpiece section over here with all the section over here with all the section over here with all the homegoods. I've never actually even been homegoods. I've never actually even been homegoods. I've never actually even been inside this drop shop area, but like I inside this drop shop area, but like I inside this drop shop area, but like I said, it's all bunch of uh blind boxes said, it's all bunch of uh blind boxes said, it's all bunch of uh blind boxes where you just uh get whatever like where you just uh get whatever like where you just uh get whatever like style you want. They have the Disney style you want. They have the Disney style you want. They have the Disney Villain Tower. And when you open the Villain Tower. And when you open the Villain Tower. And when you open the box, you get any one of these. And I box, you get any one of these. And I box, you get any one of these. And I don't know if any of them have chases or don't know if any of them have chases or don't know if any of them have chases or if there's any rare ones. Here's a if there's any rare ones. Here's a if there's any rare ones. Here's a Zootopia 2. They have an alien remix Zootopia 2. They have an alien remix Zootopia 2. They have an alien remix over here full of just a little aliens. over here full of just a little aliens. over here full of just a little aliens. That's Oh, look at the look at the alien That's Oh, look at the look at the alien That's Oh, look at the look at the alien dressed up like Boo from Monsters, Inc. dressed up like Boo from Monsters, Inc. dressed up like Boo from Monsters, Inc. That's awesome. And Remy and Woody. And That's awesome. And Remy and Woody. And That's awesome. And Remy and Woody. And they have a bunch. Like I said, a little they have a bunch. Like I said, a little they have a bunch. Like I said, a little bit of uh something for everyone. And I bit of uh something for everyone. And I bit of uh something for everyone. And I don't know. I mean, I like like, you don't know. I mean, I like like, you don't know. I mean, I like like, you know, mystery boxes, but I always like know, mystery boxes, but I always like know, mystery boxes, but I always like knowing what I get, you know? It's like knowing what I get, you know? It's like knowing what I get, you know? It's like kind of like a way for you to buy more kind of like a way for you to buy more kind of like a way for you to buy more cuz like if you don't get the one you cuz like if you don't get the one you cuz like if you don't get the one you want, you're going to end up buying want, you're going to end up buying want, you're going to end up buying more. But they do limit it. So, only two more. But they do limit it. So, only two more. But they do limit it. So, only two boxes per person. I do have to say I boxes per person. I do have to say I boxes per person. I do have to say I think this is really, really cool. They think this is really, really cool. They think this is really, really cool. They have a drop area where you can get rid have a drop area where you can get rid have a drop area where you can get rid of all of your, you know, packaging and of all of your, you know, packaging and of all of your, you know, packaging and boxes and it's basically a voting boxes and it's basically a voting boxes and it's basically a voting system. You get to vote for pain or system. You get to vote for pain or system. You get to vote for pain or panic and you put your trash in here and panic and you put your trash in here and panic and you put your trash in here and whoever gets the most trash is the whoever gets the most trash is the whoever gets the most trash is the winner. And I'm sorry, it looks like winner. And I'm sorry, it looks like winner. And I'm sorry, it looks like pain is winning. There's only a couple pain is winning. There's only a couple pain is winning. There's only a couple of boxes over here in Panic. I think I of boxes over here in Panic. I think I of boxes over here in Panic. I think I take pain over Panic emotionally and for take pain over Panic emotionally and for take pain over Panic emotionally and for the characters, but like I said, be on the characters, but like I said, be on the characters, but like I said, be on the lookout because I feel like the the lookout because I feel like the the lookout because I feel like the co-op is going to keep changing co-op is going to keep changing co-op is going to keep changing throughout the year and we're going to throughout the year and we're going to throughout the year and we're going to see new stores popping in and out of see new stores popping in and out of see new stores popping in and out of there. Now, I want to make my way down there. Now, I want to make my way down there. Now, I want to make my way down to the world of Disney and uh see if to the world of Disney and uh see if to the world of Disney and uh see if they got any New Year's merchandise. I they got any New Year's merchandise. I they got any New Year's merchandise. I haven't seen any New Year 2026 haven't seen any New Year 2026 haven't seen any New Year 2026 merchandise. I normally don't like to merchandise. I normally don't like to merchandise. I normally don't like to get dated things because then they're get dated things because then they're get dated things because then they're dated, but my mom is kind of sentimental dated, but my mom is kind of sentimental dated, but my mom is kind of sentimental to years and I always like to pick up to years and I always like to pick up to years and I always like to pick up things whenever they come down so she things whenever they come down so she things whenever they come down so she can have them. And the best time is in can have them. And the best time is in can have them. And the best time is in the beginning of the year. Another new the beginning of the year. Another new the beginning of the year. Another new thing they actually opened up just a thing they actually opened up just a thing they actually opened up just a couple of weeks ago, this avocado stand. couple of weeks ago, this avocado stand. couple of weeks ago, this avocado stand. Look at that. You can actually get Look at that. You can actually get Look at that. You can actually get original pistachio, chocolate, and original pistachio, chocolate, and original pistachio, chocolate, and cookies and cream. A nice little cookies and cream. A nice little cookies and cream. A nice little timeless favorite. Coffee, well, hot timeless favorite. Coffee, well, hot timeless favorite. Coffee, well, hot espresso, and a nice uh gelato. And this espresso, and a nice uh gelato. And this espresso, and a nice uh gelato. And this is right next to the world of Disney. is right next to the world of Disney. is right next to the world of Disney. They have one on the other side, but I They have one on the other side, but I They have one on the other side, but I don't think they do the avocado. I think don't think they do the avocado. I think don't think they do the avocado. I think they just do the gelato. And now uh they just do the gelato. And now uh they just do the gelato. And now uh might as well make our way in. It looks might as well make our way in. It looks might as well make our way in. It looks very busy here, but I think it's because very busy here, but I think it's because very busy here, but I think it's because they're doing a dance show. The they're doing a dance show. The they're doing a dance show. The Imagination Campus. Oh, I like this Imagination Campus. Oh, I like this Imagination Campus. Oh, I like this song. song. song. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, all the Christmas decorations are Oh, all the Christmas decorations are Oh, all the Christmas decorations are still out. Look at it in here. It still out. Look at it in here. It still out. Look at it in here. It doesn't look that busy at all. This is doesn't look that busy at all. This is doesn't look that busy at all. This is the quietest I've seen in months, the quietest I've seen in months, the quietest I've seen in months, actually. Roosevelt's right up front actually. Roosevelt's right up front actually. Roosevelt's right up front here. Look at that. Even though there's here. Look at that. Even though there's here. Look at that. Even though there's still Christmas decorations, it looks still Christmas decorations, it looks still Christmas decorations, it looks like they started putting out spring like they started putting out spring like they started putting out spring merchandise and Valentine's merchandise. merchandise and Valentine's merchandise. merchandise and Valentine's merchandise. Look at this little Hello Spring with Look at this little Hello Spring with Look at this little Hello Spring with Pluto. That's actually really cool. And Pluto. That's actually really cool. And Pluto. That's actually really cool. And then they have a couple of other really then they have a couple of other really then they have a couple of other really cool sweatshirts. it. Oh, Hercules and cool sweatshirts. it. Oh, Hercules and cool sweatshirts. it. Oh, Hercules and Megra here. Love Walt Disney World. I Megra here. Love Walt Disney World. I Megra here. Love Walt Disney World. I love Hercules. And then a lot of other love Hercules. And then a lot of other love Hercules. And then a lot of other really cool like sweaters and flannels, really cool like sweaters and flannels, really cool like sweaters and flannels, but still a lot of Christmas. A lot of but still a lot of Christmas. A lot of but still a lot of Christmas. A lot of Christmas actually to be honest. It's Christmas actually to be honest. It's Christmas actually to be honest. It's only the second day of the new year. And only the second day of the new year. And only the second day of the new year. And it looks like all of the 2026 merch is it looks like all of the 2026 merch is it looks like all of the 2026 merch is like gone. I don't see anything with it like gone. I don't see anything with it like gone. I don't see anything with it there. And they usually sell that like there. And they usually sell that like there. And they usually sell that like all year round, but I'm talking about all year round, but I'm talking about all year round, but I'm talking about like the New Year's like New Year's Eve like the New Year's like New Year's Eve like the New Year's like New Year's Eve and New Year's like merchandise. I think and New Year's like merchandise. I think and New Year's like merchandise. I think it's I think it's all gone. It looks it's I think it's all gone. It looks it's I think it's all gone. It looks like I found a little section as soon as like I found a little section as soon as like I found a little section as soon as you walk in with some 2026 merch. We got you walk in with some 2026 merch. We got you walk in with some 2026 merch. We got some hats. We got some lanyards or some hats. We got some lanyards or some hats. We got some lanyards or sweater, but nothing else. A very small sweater, but nothing else. A very small sweater, but nothing else. A very small section. Oh, we got an ornament here. section. Oh, we got an ornament here. section. Oh, we got an ornament here. Maybe I'll get an ornament for my mom Maybe I'll get an ornament for my mom Maybe I'll get an ornament for my mom and maybe a autograph book. She actually and maybe a autograph book. She actually and maybe a autograph book. She actually likes to get autographs from the likes to get autographs from the likes to get autographs from the characters and she likes having dates on characters and she likes having dates on characters and she likes having dates on them. So, that would fit perfectly. Oh, them. So, that would fit perfectly. Oh, them. So, that would fit perfectly. Oh, look at this, too. They have a My First look at this, too. They have a My First look at this, too. They have a My First Mickey and then it has the year on it. Mickey and then it has the year on it. Mickey and then it has the year on it. honestly, I have a couple of friends honestly, I have a couple of friends honestly, I have a couple of friends that just had some uh kids and I think that just had some uh kids and I think that just had some uh kids and I think this would be a perfect little present. this would be a perfect little present. this would be a perfect little present. Their first Mickey and Minnie. I I I Their first Mickey and Minnie. I I I Their first Mickey and Minnie. I I I think I'm going to get a set. Well, I think I'm going to get a set. Well, I think I'm going to get a set. Well, I really didn't see a lot of new things in really didn't see a lot of new things in really didn't see a lot of new things in the world of Disney. I did end up the world of Disney. I did end up the world of Disney. I did end up getting a 2026 official autograph book getting a 2026 official autograph book getting a 2026 official autograph book so my mom can start, you know, filling so my mom can start, you know, filling so my mom can start, you know, filling up her collection and everything else. up her collection and everything else. up her collection and everything else. Like I said, mostly it's Christmas still Like I said, mostly it's Christmas still Like I said, mostly it's Christmas still out. But I'll be back next month to show out. But I'll be back next month to show out. But I'll be back next month to show you guys and give you an update. And now you guys and give you an update. And now you guys and give you an update. And now I think I'm going to keep moving along, I think I'm going to keep moving along, I think I'm going to keep moving along, make my way down to the other side of make my way down to the other side of make my way down to the other side of Springs. There's a lot of new things Springs. There's a lot of new things Springs. There's a lot of new things happening down there. New food, new happening down there. New food, new happening down there. New food, new entertainment, a lot of good stuff. We entertainment, a lot of good stuff. We entertainment, a lot of good stuff. We made our way down by City Works and I made our way down by City Works and I made our way down by City Works and I wanted to show you the progress on level wanted to show you the progress on level wanted to show you the progress on level some concept art actually out front. some concept art actually out front. some concept art actually out front. This is all new and I am so excited. This is all new and I am so excited. This is all new and I am so excited. It's going to be opening up this year in It's going to be opening up this year in It's going to be opening up this year in Chuck-E-Cheese. They have a whole bunch Chuck-E-Cheese. They have a whole bunch Chuck-E-Cheese. They have a whole bunch of challenges. Like look at this. You're of challenges. Like look at this. You're of challenges. Like look at this. You're going to be able to run through an axe going to be able to run through an axe going to be able to run through an axe maze here at Disney Springs. That's maze here at Disney Springs. That's maze here at Disney Springs. That's going to be wild. And it's going to be going to be wild. And it's going to be going to be wild. And it's going to be located right here. And they're going to located right here. And they're going to located right here. And they're going to have a lot of other cool games. And I have a lot of other cool games. And I have a lot of other cool games. And I think it's going to make CityWorks super think it's going to make CityWorks super think it's going to make CityWorks super busy. We actually just ate here the busy. We actually just ate here the busy. We actually just ate here the other day. And they have some amazing other day. And they have some amazing other day. And they have some amazing food. Oh, and now they're doing brunch. food. Oh, and now they're doing brunch. food. Oh, and now they're doing brunch. Look at this brunch. Jumbo cinnamon Look at this brunch. Jumbo cinnamon Look at this brunch. Jumbo cinnamon roll, stuffed French toast. I might have roll, stuffed French toast. I might have roll, stuffed French toast. I might have to come back out do a little brunch at to come back out do a little brunch at to come back out do a little brunch at City Works. City Works. City Works. But I am so excited for level 99. I But I am so excited for level 99. I But I am so excited for level 99. I think this is a big void in the think this is a big void in the think this is a big void in the entertainment area here ever since uh entertainment area here ever since uh entertainment area here ever since uh Disney Quest closed. Disney Quest closed. Disney Quest closed. Look, here's some more artwork. They're Look, here's some more artwork. They're Look, here's some more artwork. They're going to have indoor ziplining. A lot of going to have indoor ziplining. A lot of going to have indoor ziplining. A lot of really really cool mazes. And like I really really cool mazes. And like I really really cool mazes. And like I said, kind of like uh like uh an adult said, kind of like uh like uh an adult said, kind of like uh like uh an adult like play area. Look at this. Doesn't like play area. Look at this. Doesn't like play area. Look at this. Doesn't this look so fun? [music] I don't even this look so fun? [music] I don't even this look so fun? [music] I don't even know what's happening in this picture, know what's happening in this picture, know what's happening in this picture, but I want to be doing. Maybe they're but I want to be doing. Maybe they're but I want to be doing. Maybe they're just jumping and dancing. Who doesn't just jumping and dancing. Who doesn't just jumping and dancing. Who doesn't love jumping and dancing, though? I am love jumping and dancing, though? I am love jumping and dancing, though? I am excited for Level 99. And like I said, excited for Level 99. And like I said, excited for Level 99. And like I said, it's set to open this year, and it's it's set to open this year, and it's it's set to open this year, and it's more than just games. I think they're more than just games. I think they're more than just games. I think they're going to have food and a lot of cool going to have food and a lot of cool going to have food and a lot of cool drinks and stuff like that. And I, like drinks and stuff like that. And I, like drinks and stuff like that. And I, like I said, I think it's going to make this I said, I think it's going to make this I said, I think it's going to make this part of Disney Springs a lot more part of Disney Springs a lot more part of Disney Springs a lot more popular. And in fact, since we're down popular. And in fact, since we're down popular. And in fact, since we're down here, I want to go eat at a place that here, I want to go eat at a place that here, I want to go eat at a place that I've wanted to eat all last year, but I I've wanted to eat all last year, but I I've wanted to eat all last year, but I always kept on saying, "Oh, I'll do it always kept on saying, "Oh, I'll do it always kept on saying, "Oh, I'll do it next time." So, uh, I think we'll do it next time." So, uh, I think we'll do it next time." So, uh, I think we'll do it this year. Starting off right. One of this year. Starting off right. One of this year. Starting off right. One of the places I had on my list in 2025 that the places I had on my list in 2025 that the places I had on my list in 2025 that I wanted to come try was Everglaze I wanted to come try was Everglaze I wanted to come try was Everglaze Donuts in Cold Brew. I've had their Donuts in Cold Brew. I've had their Donuts in Cold Brew. I've had their donuts before, but they started selling donuts before, but they started selling donuts before, but they started selling chicken tenders and fries. So, I figured chicken tenders and fries. So, I figured chicken tenders and fries. So, I figured today's a good day, so that way we don't today's a good day, so that way we don't today's a good day, so that way we don't end up missing it for 2026. It's got a end up missing it for 2026. It's got a end up missing it for 2026. It's got a little line, too. And I'm excited little line, too. And I'm excited little line, too. And I'm excited because I hear the chicken tenders are because I hear the chicken tenders are because I hear the chicken tenders are really good. You can see the donuts over really good. You can see the donuts over really good. You can see the donuts over there. And they actually have a little there. And they actually have a little there. And they actually have a little doughut making station right here. Look doughut making station right here. Look doughut making station right here. Look at this. Look at them. It's time to make at this. Look at them. It's time to make at this. Look at them. It's time to make the donuts. the donuts. the donuts. Oh, that is so cool. And then they come Oh, that is so cool. And then they come Oh, that is so cool. And then they come out on this side and you can see them out on this side and you can see them out on this side and you can see them all nice and fresh. Oh, is that the all nice and fresh. Oh, is that the all nice and fresh. Oh, is that the glazing machine over there? Wow. You can glazing machine over there? Wow. You can glazing machine over there? Wow. You can see where they glazed them, too. see where they glazed them, too. see where they glazed them, too. I mean, I'll tell you what, those donuts I mean, I'll tell you what, those donuts I mean, I'll tell you what, those donuts look good. I bet you the chicken tenders look good. I bet you the chicken tenders look good. I bet you the chicken tenders are amazing. So, we're going to hop in are amazing. So, we're going to hop in are amazing. So, we're going to hop in line. I also want to stop at Summer line. I also want to stop at Summer line. I also want to stop at Summer House on the Lake and see what cookies House on the Lake and see what cookies House on the Lake and see what cookies they got. And maybe they might have like they got. And maybe they might have like they got. And maybe they might have like a little like dog bakery item. Oh my a little like dog bakery item. Oh my a little like dog bakery item. Oh my lord. They actually have a chicken donut lord. They actually have a chicken donut lord. They actually have a chicken donut combo. For $9, you get one jumbo chicken combo. For $9, you get one jumbo chicken combo. For $9, you get one jumbo chicken tender and our famous glazed donut. Look tender and our famous glazed donut. Look tender and our famous glazed donut. Look at that. That's actually really cool. at that. That's actually really cool. at that. That's actually really cool. But I don't know if I want the glazed But I don't know if I want the glazed But I don't know if I want the glazed donut because they have a lot of really donut because they have a lot of really donut because they have a lot of really good donuts back there. So, I know I good donuts back there. So, I know I good donuts back there. So, I know I want to try the chicken, but I also want want to try the chicken, but I also want want to try the chicken, but I also want to get a donut since I'm here. Last to get a donut since I'm here. Last to get a donut since I'm here. Last year, I was trying to eat at a different year, I was trying to eat at a different year, I was trying to eat at a different Disney Springs restaurant every single Disney Springs restaurant every single Disney Springs restaurant every single month, and I think I did, except for one month, and I think I did, except for one month, and I think I did, except for one month, I went to the new uh Bourbon month, I went to the new uh Bourbon month, I went to the new uh Bourbon Steak uh restaurant. So, I basically Steak uh restaurant. So, I basically Steak uh restaurant. So, I basically have eaten everywhere here at Disney have eaten everywhere here at Disney have eaten everywhere here at Disney Springs and made a video about it. So, Springs and made a video about it. So, Springs and made a video about it. So, if you ever wonder what like a dining if you ever wonder what like a dining if you ever wonder what like a dining experience would be at at any of these experience would be at at any of these experience would be at at any of these restaurants, you can look back at all of restaurants, you can look back at all of restaurants, you can look back at all of my videos. And every single month, I my videos. And every single month, I my videos. And every single month, I kept on saying, "I want to try those kept on saying, "I want to try those kept on saying, "I want to try those chicken tenders over at uh Everglaze." chicken tenders over at uh Everglaze." chicken tenders over at uh Everglaze." But it's not like a restaurant. It's a But it's not like a restaurant. It's a But it's not like a restaurant. It's a doughnut shop. But, uh, today's the day. doughnut shop. But, uh, today's the day. doughnut shop. But, uh, today's the day. And I got these precious little tenders And I got these precious little tenders And I got these precious little tenders right here. I'm excited. I ended up right here. I'm excited. I ended up right here. I'm excited. I ended up getting, uh, the like kid combo. It's getting, uh, the like kid combo. It's getting, uh, the like kid combo. It's Oh, a chicken little combo because I Oh, a chicken little combo because I Oh, a chicken little combo because I wanted to try the French fries, too. And wanted to try the French fries, too. And wanted to try the French fries, too. And they give you a donut. Look at that. The they give you a donut. Look at that. The they give you a donut. Look at that. The tenders look pretty good. I'm not going tenders look pretty good. I'm not going tenders look pretty good. I'm not going to lie. And the French fries look good. to lie. And the French fries look good. to lie. And the French fries look good. And I didn't know you got the little And I didn't know you got the little And I didn't know you got the little mini donut with it. So, I went out and I mini donut with it. So, I went out and I mini donut with it. So, I went out and I bought another doughut because I wanted bought another doughut because I wanted bought another doughut because I wanted to have a donut, too. And this one is to have a donut, too. And this one is to have a donut, too. And this one is the Christmas tree one. Look at this the Christmas tree one. Look at this the Christmas tree one. Look at this donut. Holy moly. I was looking and I donut. Holy moly. I was looking and I donut. Holy moly. I was looking and I was like, "Oh, I don't know which one to was like, "Oh, I don't know which one to was like, "Oh, I don't know which one to get." And I was like kind of done with get." And I was like kind of done with get." And I was like kind of done with Christmas for the year. Uh, and I saw Christmas for the year. Uh, and I saw Christmas for the year. Uh, and I saw this and it's like from Christmas and this and it's like from Christmas and this and it's like from Christmas and it's a little Debbie. Remember the tasty it's a little Debbie. Remember the tasty it's a little Debbie. Remember the tasty cakes but in a donut for form. Look at cakes but in a donut for form. Look at cakes but in a donut for form. Look at the stuffing in there. So, that is going the stuffing in there. So, that is going the stuffing in there. So, that is going to be amazing. And I think I I got to to be amazing. And I think I I got to to be amazing. And I think I I got to eat the tenders first. So, we're going eat the tenders first. So, we're going eat the tenders first. So, we're going to dive into the tenders. Let me give to dive into the tenders. Let me give to dive into the tenders. Let me give you a good look. They're thick. They're you a good look. They're thick. They're you a good look. They're thick. They're thick tenders. I really don't like thick thick tenders. I really don't like thick thick tenders. I really don't like thick tenders, though. I like uh kind of like tenders, though. I like uh kind of like tenders, though. I like uh kind of like uh like thinner ones, thin and crispy. uh like thinner ones, thin and crispy. uh like thinner ones, thin and crispy. That's how I like my chicken cutlets. That's how I like my chicken cutlets. That's how I like my chicken cutlets. But here they are. And it looks like But here they are. And it looks like But here they are. And it looks like they broke them in half. Usually, they broke them in half. Usually, they broke them in half. Usually, sometimes they break tenders in half to sometimes they break tenders in half to sometimes they break tenders in half to check to see if they're done. Yeah, I check to see if they're done. Yeah, I check to see if they're done. Yeah, I could see that one right there. And it could see that one right there. And it could see that one right there. And it looks like they did that. But uh first looks like they did that. But uh first looks like they did that. But uh first bite. bite. bite. Honestly, the chicken tenders are not Honestly, the chicken tenders are not Honestly, the chicken tenders are not bad. They kind of have a little sweet bad. They kind of have a little sweet bad. They kind of have a little sweet coating to them. I think it's because coating to them. I think it's because coating to them. I think it's because they probably might use the same batter. they probably might use the same batter. they probably might use the same batter. Maybe it's like doughut batter. I don't Maybe it's like doughut batter. I don't Maybe it's like doughut batter. I don't know. It does have a little sweet taste know. It does have a little sweet taste know. It does have a little sweet taste to it, but I mean it's no raisin canes to it, but I mean it's no raisin canes to it, but I mean it's no raisin canes or huey magus. I love me some raisin or huey magus. I love me some raisin or huey magus. I love me some raisin canes. But I guess they give you the canes. But I guess they give you the canes. But I guess they give you the donuts so you can try them together. So donuts so you can try them together. So donuts so you can try them together. So that's what I'm going to do. Make a that's what I'm going to do. Make a that's what I'm going to do. Make a little doughut chicken tender combo. I little doughut chicken tender combo. I little doughut chicken tender combo. I don't even know how to just stick it in don't even know how to just stick it in don't even know how to just stick it in there like that. There we go. It's like there like that. There we go. It's like there like that. There we go. It's like a donut chicken taco. Oh wow. Now, that is the bite I was Oh wow. Now, that is the bite I was Oh wow. Now, that is the bite I was looking for. That was delicious. looking for. That was delicious. looking for. That was delicious. Especially if you like that kind of Especially if you like that kind of Especially if you like that kind of chicken and waffle texture and taste. chicken and waffle texture and taste. chicken and waffle texture and taste. Have a little donut. Chicken and donuts. Have a little donut. Chicken and donuts. Have a little donut. Chicken and donuts. This is really, really, really good. I'm This is really, really, really good. I'm This is really, really, really good. I'm shocked with these tendies. And to be shocked with these tendies. And to be shocked with these tendies. And to be honest, I don't know if I got a kids honest, I don't know if I got a kids honest, I don't know if I got a kids meal or not. It was just like the meal or not. It was just like the meal or not. It was just like the chicken, what was it called? Chicken chicken, what was it called? Chicken chicken, what was it called? Chicken Little combo. I think that's a kids Little combo. I think that's a kids Little combo. I think that's a kids meal. But for a kids meal, it was $12. meal. But for a kids meal, it was $12. meal. But for a kids meal, it was $12. You get two jumbo tenders, French fries, You get two jumbo tenders, French fries, You get two jumbo tenders, French fries, a mini donut, and a sauce. That's a a mini donut, and a sauce. That's a a mini donut, and a sauce. That's a really, really good deal. Now I want to really, really good deal. Now I want to really, really good deal. Now I want to try the fries. Fries look good. Crinkly try the fries. Fries look good. Crinkly try the fries. Fries look good. Crinkly cut. Nice little season on there. cut. Nice little season on there. cut. Nice little season on there. Oh, Oh, Oh, they taste like fair fries. You ever they taste like fair fries. You ever they taste like fair fries. You ever have French fries from the county fair? have French fries from the county fair? have French fries from the county fair? It's kind of what they taste like. I It's kind of what they taste like. I It's kind of what they taste like. I guess overall I can say they're good guess overall I can say they're good guess overall I can say they're good chicken tenders. They're not great chicken tenders. They're not great chicken tenders. They're not great chicken tenders, but I think they're chicken tenders, but I think they're chicken tenders, but I think they're better than the uh Disney resort chicken better than the uh Disney resort chicken better than the uh Disney resort chicken tenders. And I think they're better than tenders. And I think they're better than tenders. And I think they're better than uh I'm going to say a chicken guys. I uh I'm going to say a chicken guys. I uh I'm going to say a chicken guys. I think they're better tender better think they're better tender better think they're better tender better tenders than chicken guy. All right, tenders than chicken guy. All right, tenders than chicken guy. All right, enough of the chicken tender business. enough of the chicken tender business. enough of the chicken tender business. Now I want to try this uh Christmas tree Now I want to try this uh Christmas tree Now I want to try this uh Christmas tree donut. I kind of want to break it open donut. I kind of want to break it open donut. I kind of want to break it open and show you guys, but it's going to and show you guys, but it's going to and show you guys, but it's going to cause such a mess. And I don't have a cause such a mess. And I don't have a cause such a mess. And I don't have a fork. But look at that. It is stuffed fork. But look at that. It is stuffed fork. But look at that. It is stuffed all the way through. So I guess merry all the way through. So I guess merry all the way through. So I guess merry Christmas. Merry Christmas and happy new Christmas. Merry Christmas and happy new Christmas. Merry Christmas and happy new year to all of you. I hope you had a year to all of you. I hope you had a year to all of you. I hope you had a wonderful holiday season. Now it's time wonderful holiday season. Now it's time wonderful holiday season. Now it's time to try our last Christmas treat. Oh, that honestly might be one of the Oh, that honestly might be one of the Oh, that honestly might be one of the best donuts I've ever had. Only because best donuts I've ever had. Only because best donuts I've ever had. Only because I really love those uh Christmas tree I really love those uh Christmas tree I really love those uh Christmas tree Little Debbie cakes. That was fun. It Little Debbie cakes. That was fun. It Little Debbie cakes. That was fun. It doesn't taste like a donut. It has more doesn't taste like a donut. It has more doesn't taste like a donut. It has more of a cakey taste and then the uh filling of a cakey taste and then the uh filling of a cakey taste and then the uh filling in the center. It is so good. It's just in the center. It is so good. It's just in the center. It is so good. It's just like the filling in those cakes. like the filling in those cakes. like the filling in those cakes. I'll be honest, the filling is I'll be honest, the filling is I'll be honest, the filling is definitely very, very overwhelming. And definitely very, very overwhelming. And definitely very, very overwhelming. And uh oh, I got white stuff all over my uh oh, I got white stuff all over my uh oh, I got white stuff all over my face. It's going to happen again. But face. It's going to happen again. But face. It's going to happen again. But it's the best part. I was going to say it's the best part. I was going to say it's the best part. I was going to say like I can't get enough of it. Maybe I like I can't get enough of it. Maybe I like I can't get enough of it. Maybe I can break off because it doesn't go all can break off because it doesn't go all can break off because it doesn't go all the way through. It's just in the the way through. It's just in the the way through. It's just in the center. Half of the donuts not at center. Half of the donuts not at center. Half of the donuts not at getting yet. So I'm going to like kind getting yet. So I'm going to like kind getting yet. So I'm going to like kind of push it together. Oh, there you go. of push it together. Oh, there you go. of push it together. Oh, there you go. That's the bite. That's the bite. That's the bite. Since we're down on this side of the Since we're down on this side of the Since we're down on this side of the springs, maybe we'll hop into springs, maybe we'll hop into springs, maybe we'll hop into Summerhouse on the Lake and see what Summerhouse on the Lake and see what Summerhouse on the Lake and see what kind of cookies they got on the cookie kind of cookies they got on the cookie kind of cookies they got on the cookie bar. I know I already had a nice banana bar. I know I already had a nice banana bar. I know I already had a nice banana one, but you really can't sleep on one, but you really can't sleep on one, but you really can't sleep on summer house on the lake. And look at summer house on the lake. And look at summer house on the lake. And look at this. No line. It's pretty amazing this. No line. It's pretty amazing this. No line. It's pretty amazing compared to like, you know, the hour and compared to like, you know, the hour and compared to like, you know, the hour and And like I said, sometimes I prefer And like I said, sometimes I prefer And like I said, sometimes I prefer Gideon's cookies a lot more. But they Gideon's cookies a lot more. But they Gideon's cookies a lot more. But they have some really good limited edition have some really good limited edition have some really good limited edition cookies here that I don't come try that cookies here that I don't come try that cookies here that I don't come try that often. Like look at this peanut butter often. Like look at this peanut butter often. Like look at this peanut butter cup one. It's got a whole peanut butter cup one. It's got a whole peanut butter cup one. It's got a whole peanut butter cup right in the center there. Oh, this cup right in the center there. Oh, this cup right in the center there. Oh, this apple oatmeal is phenomenal along with apple oatmeal is phenomenal along with apple oatmeal is phenomenal along with the Rice Krispie treat uh chocolate chip the Rice Krispie treat uh chocolate chip the Rice Krispie treat uh chocolate chip cookie. And they have a lot of cookies cookie. And they have a lot of cookies cookie. And they have a lot of cookies going all the way down. And they even going all the way down. And they even going all the way down. And they even have bleached blondies, Rice Krispie have bleached blondies, Rice Krispie have bleached blondies, Rice Krispie treats, a ginger snap. That must be the treats, a ginger snap. That must be the treats, a ginger snap. That must be the limited edition flavor. Or maybe they limited edition flavor. Or maybe they limited edition flavor. Or maybe they have another one. I mainly wanted to see have another one. I mainly wanted to see have another one. I mainly wanted to see if they had any dog treats in there, but if they had any dog treats in there, but if they had any dog treats in there, but they don't sell anything for the fur they don't sell anything for the fur they don't sell anything for the fur babies. But I think they should. Someone babies. But I think they should. Someone babies. But I think they should. Someone needs to start. And I've been looking needs to start. And I've been looking needs to start. And I've been looking around and I really don't see any place. around and I really don't see any place. around and I really don't see any place. So, I'm going to keep browsing, but I So, I'm going to keep browsing, but I So, I'm going to keep browsing, but I hopefully I think we're going to be able hopefully I think we're going to be able hopefully I think we're going to be able to find a new uh sweet treat for Gracie to find a new uh sweet treat for Gracie to find a new uh sweet treat for Gracie every time we come to the Springs. I every time we come to the Springs. I every time we come to the Springs. I always like stopping into Disney Style always like stopping into Disney Style always like stopping into Disney Style because they have some different because they have some different because they have some different merchandise than the ones you'll find up merchandise than the ones you'll find up merchandise than the ones you'll find up at World of Disney. Oh, look at that. at World of Disney. Oh, look at that. at World of Disney. Oh, look at that. Stony Clover 30% off. I don't know much Stony Clover 30% off. I don't know much Stony Clover 30% off. I don't know much about Stony Clover, but uh I know 30% about Stony Clover, but uh I know 30% about Stony Clover, but uh I know 30% off at Disney is a really good deal. And off at Disney is a really good deal. And off at Disney is a really good deal. And I like these new sweatshirts, too. Look I like these new sweatshirts, too. Look I like these new sweatshirts, too. Look at these. Very bright. Very easterish. at these. Very bright. Very easterish. at these. Very bright. Very easterish. The purple, the green, the yellow. Oh, I The purple, the green, the yellow. Oh, I The purple, the green, the yellow. Oh, I wonder who's on this side. Olaf. I wonder who's on this side. Olaf. I wonder who's on this side. Olaf. I wasn't expecting that. That's kind of wasn't expecting that. That's kind of wasn't expecting that. That's kind of cool. And a lot of hoodies, too. Right cool. And a lot of hoodies, too. Right cool. And a lot of hoodies, too. Right now, like I said, that's why I'm wearing now, like I said, that's why I'm wearing now, like I said, that's why I'm wearing the hoodie is it's kind of cool. And the hoodie is it's kind of cool. And the hoodie is it's kind of cool. And they have the new hoodies here, too. Oh, they have the new hoodies here, too. Oh, they have the new hoodies here, too. Oh, wow. Look at these ones over here. I wow. Look at these ones over here. I wow. Look at these ones over here. I absolutely love the Winnie the Pooh absolutely love the Winnie the Pooh absolutely love the Winnie the Pooh series they got going on. Wow. Look at series they got going on. Wow. Look at series they got going on. Wow. Look at this black one over here. this black one over here. this black one over here. Did you know that Winnie the Pooh is the Did you know that Winnie the Pooh is the Did you know that Winnie the Pooh is the second highest grossing Disney character second highest grossing Disney character second highest grossing Disney character right behind Mickey Mouse? Isn't that right behind Mickey Mouse? Isn't that right behind Mickey Mouse? Isn't that amazing? And then uh recently um amazing? And then uh recently um amazing? And then uh recently um Steamboat Willie, uh Mickey and Winnie Steamboat Willie, uh Mickey and Winnie Steamboat Willie, uh Mickey and Winnie the Pooh all became public domain and the Pooh all became public domain and the Pooh all became public domain and Betty uh Boop is actually in there now Betty uh Boop is actually in there now Betty uh Boop is actually in there now in 2026. It's free. It's not copyrighted in 2026. It's free. It's not copyrighted in 2026. It's free. It's not copyrighted or trademarked. A nice little shot of or trademarked. A nice little shot of or trademarked. A nice little shot of the castle there. I like it. Well, there the castle there. I like it. Well, there the castle there. I like it. Well, there really wasn't anything in Disney style. really wasn't anything in Disney style. really wasn't anything in Disney style. I just like showing you guys and I just like showing you guys and I just like showing you guys and checking out the new merchandise checking out the new merchandise checking out the new merchandise whenever it comes in. But once all of whenever it comes in. But once all of whenever it comes in. But once all of the Christmas stuff is done, probably the Christmas stuff is done, probably the Christmas stuff is done, probably next month, February, you're going to next month, February, you're going to next month, February, you're going to see a bunch of new things, new merch. see a bunch of new things, new merch. see a bunch of new things, new merch. Oh, they already started showing a Oh, they already started showing a Oh, they already started showing a little bit of it. And new decorations little bit of it. And new decorations little bit of it. And new decorations everywhere. We've got Valentine's Day, everywhere. We've got Valentine's Day, everywhere. We've got Valentine's Day, Easter, a lot of great holidays to come Easter, a lot of great holidays to come Easter, a lot of great holidays to come here at the Springs. And they always do here at the Springs. And they always do here at the Springs. And they always do fun events. There's always something fun events. There's always something fun events. There's always something going on. Now, I think we're going to going on. Now, I think we're going to going on. Now, I think we're going to call it a night, head on home. And like call it a night, head on home. And like call it a night, head on home. And like I said, I wanted to give you a little I said, I wanted to give you a little I said, I wanted to give you a little with the holiday season and just share, with the holiday season and just share, with the holiday season and just share, you know, a nice little end to the year you know, a nice little end to the year you know, a nice little end to the year for you. You know, it's kind of sad for you. You know, it's kind of sad for you. You know, it's kind of sad though because I feel like I'm leaving though because I feel like I'm leaving though because I feel like I'm leaving empty-handed, like I got nothing for empty-handed, like I got nothing for empty-handed, like I got nothing for Gracie girl. And this is what I'm Gracie girl. And this is what I'm Gracie girl. And this is what I'm talking about. Look how busy it got here talking about. Look how busy it got here talking about. Look how busy it got here just in a couple of hours. just in a couple of hours. just in a couple of hours. And I guess with that, I think we are And I guess with that, I think we are And I guess with that, I think we are done here today. But I do have some good done here today. But I do have some good done here today. But I do have some good news. I ended up uh freezing some of the news. I ended up uh freezing some of the news. I ended up uh freezing some of the cupcakes from Sprinkles. So, even though cupcakes from Sprinkles. So, even though cupcakes from Sprinkles. So, even though Sprinkles is now gone, uh this is um Sprinkles is now gone, uh this is um Sprinkles is now gone, uh this is um well, actually, I don't know how long well, actually, I don't know how long well, actually, I don't know how long these are going to last cuz now I these are going to last cuz now I these are going to last cuz now I unfroze them. This might be Gracie's unfroze them. This might be Gracie's unfroze them. This might be Gracie's last cupcake. Holy moly. Well, maybe. I last cupcake. Holy moly. Well, maybe. I last cupcake. Holy moly. Well, maybe. I mean, this is it. I mean, I don't know mean, this is it. I mean, I don't know mean, this is it. I mean, I don't know if I'm going to be making another video if I'm going to be making another video if I'm going to be making another video in the next 2 days. And I'm sure they're in the next 2 days. And I'm sure they're in the next 2 days. And I'm sure they're not good after you freeze them and not good after you freeze them and not good after you freeze them and refrigerate them for 3 days. So, these refrigerate them for 3 days. So, these refrigerate them for 3 days. So, these will be no good uh in just two days. So, will be no good uh in just two days. So, will be no good uh in just two days. So, this is it. The last cupcake. It's the this is it. The last cupcake. It's the this is it. The last cupcake. It's the final cupcake. I got these cupcakes about 3 weeks ago I got these cupcakes about 3 weeks ago I got these cupcakes about 3 weeks ago and I ended up getting a lot more than I and I ended up getting a lot more than I and I ended up getting a lot more than I needed. So, I put some in the freezer needed. So, I put some in the freezer needed. So, I put some in the freezer and this is it. Here you go, Grace. The and this is it. Here you go, Grace. The and this is it. Here you go, Grace. The final cupcake. [clears throat] Just like final cupcake. [clears throat] Just like final cupcake. [clears throat] Just like I said in the beginning, I wanted to I said in the beginning, I wanted to I said in the beginning, I wanted to recap 2025, talk about some of the wins. recap 2025, talk about some of the wins. recap 2025, talk about some of the wins. It was definitely a great year. I was It was definitely a great year. I was It was definitely a great year. I was able to accomplish so much. Traveled to able to accomplish so much. Traveled to able to accomplish so much. Traveled to so many places I never thought I would so many places I never thought I would so many places I never thought I would ever travel to. We went to Japan, Paris, ever travel to. We went to Japan, Paris, ever travel to. We went to Japan, Paris, London, so many different states. And London, so many different states. And London, so many different states. And honestly, like I say always, I owe it honestly, like I say always, I owe it honestly, like I say always, I owe it all to you. Thank you guys so much for all to you. Thank you guys so much for all to you. Thank you guys so much for watching and uh tagging along on all of watching and uh tagging along on all of watching and uh tagging along on all of the fun adventures. But, you know, the fun adventures. But, you know, the fun adventures. But, you know, sadly, like I said, you can't have wins sadly, like I said, you can't have wins sadly, like I said, you can't have wins without losses. And one of the biggest without losses. And one of the biggest without losses. And one of the biggest losses was our dear friend Adam the Woo losses was our dear friend Adam the Woo losses was our dear friend Adam the Woo who sadly passed away. Adam was another who sadly passed away. Adam was another who sadly passed away. Adam was another YouTube content creator who inspired so YouTube content creator who inspired so YouTube content creator who inspired so many of us in the community including many of us in the community including many of us in the community including myself. And uh I really have a hard time myself. And uh I really have a hard time myself. And uh I really have a hard time managing my emotions uh especially managing my emotions uh especially managing my emotions uh especially around these types of scenarios. But if around these types of scenarios. But if around these types of scenarios. But if there's one thing that I would want from there's one thing that I would want from there's one thing that I would want from anyone to uh remember Adam by is to just anyone to uh remember Adam by is to just anyone to uh remember Adam by is to just go back and watch his videos. Look at go back and watch his videos. Look at go back and watch his videos. Look at the life he has lived. And uh he is the life he has lived. And uh he is the life he has lived. And uh he is going to be missed by so many people. going to be missed by so many people. going to be missed by so many people. My, you know, prayers and thoughts go My, you know, prayers and thoughts go My, you know, prayers and thoughts go out to his family, friends, anyone out to his family, friends, anyone out to his family, friends, anyone that's ever encountered him because he that's ever encountered him because he that's ever encountered him because he always had a positive force about him. always had a positive force about him. always had a positive force about him. And uh it was uh really hard. And uh And uh it was uh really hard. And uh And uh it was uh really hard. And uh when I found out about uh his passing, when I found out about uh his passing, when I found out about uh his passing, it was when I was making my way up to it was when I was making my way up to it was when I was making my way up to Pennsylvania for the holidays with my Pennsylvania for the holidays with my Pennsylvania for the holidays with my family. And once I got up there, uh he family. And once I got up there, uh he family. And once I got up there, uh he it was kind of like an eyeopener for me. it was kind of like an eyeopener for me. it was kind of like an eyeopener for me. And uh you know, life is precious and And uh you know, life is precious and And uh you know, life is precious and time is precious. So, I decided to just time is precious. So, I decided to just time is precious. So, I decided to just not make any videos, spend time with my not make any videos, spend time with my not make any videos, spend time with my family, take in the holiday season, and family, take in the holiday season, and family, take in the holiday season, and it's exactly what I did. So, uh, now I'm it's exactly what I did. So, uh, now I'm it's exactly what I did. So, uh, now I'm back on track. We're ready to start off back on track. We're ready to start off back on track. We're ready to start off a new year, 2026. a new year, 2026. a new year, 2026. And, uh, you know, one of the things And, uh, you know, one of the things And, uh, you know, one of the things that I, you know, feel Adam would always that I, you know, feel Adam would always that I, you know, feel Adam would always encourage people to do is keep going, encourage people to do is keep going, encourage people to do is keep going, keep moving forward. Just like I said in keep moving forward. Just like I said in keep moving forward. Just like I said in the beginning, like Walt Disney said, we the beginning, like Walt Disney said, we the beginning, like Walt Disney said, we keep moving forward, opening new doors keep moving forward, opening new doors keep moving forward, opening new doors and doing new things. And uh it would be and doing new things. And uh it would be and doing new things. And uh it would be an honor for me to continue doing that an honor for me to continue doing that an honor for me to continue doing that in the new year for all of you. And uh in the new year for all of you. And uh in the new year for all of you. And uh like I said, I am forever grateful. So, like I said, I am forever grateful. So, like I said, I am forever grateful. So, thank you for a wonderful 2025. And uh I thank you for a wonderful 2025. And uh I thank you for a wonderful 2025. And uh I think 2026 is going to be amazing. And I think 2026 is going to be amazing. And I think 2026 is going to be amazing. And I can't wait to show you the places we can't wait to show you the places we can't wait to show you the places we will go. So, anyhoos, I hope you enjoyed will go. So, anyhoos, I hope you enjoyed will go. So, anyhoos, I hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
