---
video_id: YK4GE31gkks
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Springs 2026 | NEW Gideon’s Cookies, Crazy Milkshakes & St. Patrick’s Day Food | Disney World"
published: 2026-03-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK4GE31gkks
---
Hey friends, today we are going to Disney Springs and there are so many new things I want to show you. Of course, we're going to try the new cookie of the month at Gideon's Bake House, but they also have a new milkshake spot where Sprinkles used to be. So, we're going to do some shopping, eat some food, and have a beautiful Disney Springs kind of day. Anyhoos, let's go do this. It is such a beautiful day out today. Temperatures are in the mid80s and I'm excited to show you around the Springs. I want to check out all of the sweet treats. Definitely do some shopping in the world of Disney and who knows, maybe get a little dinner on top of the cookies and the milkshakes. I also want to see if they're doing any festivities for St. Patrick's Day and uh Easter since it's right around the corner. Usually they have something at Raglin Road and some Easter themed treats. So, we're just going to browse around, maybe do some shopping in the world of Disney, and enjoy a nice day here at the Springs. Wow, we got super lucky today. It doesn't look like there's anybody in line. Looks like there's literally 10 people in line. Look at that. Here is a look at the March menu at Gideon's. Here lies Morning Joe. And the cookie of the month is the turtle cookie. Premium chocolate, homemade caramel, and whole candied pecans. I love this cookie. And I think they also have a special cold brew. A Morning Joe cold brew. The Morning Joe actually has four different flavors of cold brew this month. Each week there's a new flavor. We already missed the first week which was a ginger snap, but this one is a honey cinnamon. Honey cinnamon morning joe cold brew. And isn't that cool? Cuz you know, everyone needs you know their cup of Joe in the morning. So it's kind of like morning cup of Joe, you know. Anywh who, let's give it a try. Oh, I like that. Kind of sweet with a little cinnamon spizzazz. Spizzazz. What kind of word is that? I think Morning Joe did a great job with this week's cold brew, but I'm excited for next week's. It's a mint cookies and cream. The honey cinnamon did blend together well, but I really love mint cookies and cream. And here is the cookie of the month, the turtle cookie. Look at how beautiful this is. the candied pecans, the glumps of caramel in there. Wow. Look at You can see it right there. And I really think this is going to be high on my list. I absolutely love when they add a little nuts into the chocolate chip cookies. I also have a bonus Gideon's cookie review for you guys later on at the end of the video. And it's a special edition cookie that I've never had before, and it's waiting at home for me. So, right now, let's get to the turtle cookie. And like I said, look how beautiful those candied pecans are. It's amazing. And it's been sitting out a little bit, so it's a little gooey. It's a little gooey, but we got to break it. Oh wow. Oh my lord. Look at that. My fingers are a mess. But let's try it. The cookie is literally falling apart because of how gooey it is. The caramel, the melted chocolate, the pecans. This is incredible. Look at my fingers. But it is such a great cookie. I'm going to have to set it down here cuz I'm about to lose a piece. I don't want me losing my cookie. Oh no. I can't believe how gooey this cookie actually is. Look at that. And I think maybe it's because I don't eat them right away. Usually when I'm making a video, I got to take photos and I always like to just walk around the spring. So, this has been sitting out in the Florida heat for like about an hour. So, it's definitely a lot softer and I love it. I would probably put this in my top five. I'm gonna say it. My top five. I was going to go top 10, but then I was like, "No, it deserves a pot. It deserves a spot." And uh I want to try it now with the little cookie combo. Cookie copy combo. Some uh turtle cookie and uh some honey cinnamon. Wait a second. I don't know how well this is going to mix. We're going to find out. That's not bad. I guess you can say March is a good month to come to Gideon's. It's always amazing when you have a good cold brew and a good cookie to combine together. And I can't wait to try next week's uh cold brew. And I can't wait to show you the cookie I'm talking about later on. I don't want to spoil the surprise, but it's actually really amazing. I think my favorite thing about this cookie though is these pecans. I'm at the point where I'm just picking them off and snacking on them cuz I like them so much. But now we got to keep moving along. I want to show you the world of Disney and any new merchandise. And also, we got to try the new milkshake spot that replaced uh Sprinkles over there. And I can't wait to see it. We're finally going to go back into the Sprinkles building. I can tell you what, if you're looking for some St. Patrick's Day festivities, definitely Disney Springs is a great place to go. You have Raglin Road right here. And they actually shut down this whole entire area for the Mighty Festival. And they got the new Patty's Bar. This is the first year that they're going to have that open. And you know, it's kind of crazy how big this like uh Raglin Road complex is. They have a whole sit-down restaurant, multiple bars. They even have the hole in the wall over here. And here is the advertisements for the Mighty Festival right here. St. Patrick's Weekend from the 13th to the 17th of March. But this little bar over here, this is the hole in the wall. This is all included. Like this whole entire area is just going to be a gigantic St. Patrick's uh day festival and they have a quick service location here too. Cooks uh fish and chips. This is like uh the Irish the Irish block. Roosevelt's just released a new Peter Pan collection and I was saving this for the Magic Kingdom, but I wanted to wear like a green shirt for St. Patrick's Day and I couldn't resist. How awesome is this? I absolutely love the Peter Pan collection and it's cool that you know it kind of matches in St. Patrick's Day spirit. And speaking of St. Patrick's Day, I also want to see if they have any other sweet treats around the Springs. We already know we can rely on Ragland Road for food and drinks, but I want to see, you know, some Shamrock Shakes. Well, not Shamrock Shakes, not McDonald's, but, you know, some lucky things. Speaking of St. Patrick's Day, over at the Coca-Cola store, they have a lucky lime pop. CocaCola with a tower of fresh lime cream. Wow, that sounds fancy. And it's up on the uh rooftop bar on the third floor. So, maybe we'll go up and get a little Lucky Lime Pop. And I think that this uh rooftop bar is one of the most underappreciated spots in Disney Springs. It is so cool up here. They have elevators that'll take you up to the third floor, but also a ramp. And you can meet the Coke Bear here. I don't know. I'll have to check the hours to see if he's actually out right now. I would love to show you the Coke Bear. I think it's so cool and it's free. You just come and you get to take pictures with them. But like I said, the rooftop bar here is one of the coolest experiences. The views up top are amazing. And I think there's an echo in here. Echo. Echo. And honestly, I don't think anybody's up here right now. It's pretty empty. How you doing? Wow. Oh, you could see the balloon up there. This is what I was talking about. The views are amazing and it's just so cool to be able to sit up here, enjoy some nice carbonated beverages, and they have so many different flavors of soda. But I'm here for the Lucky Lime Pop. A nice little Lucky Lime Pop. This actually looks amazing. Look at this. Wow. I've never had lime cream foam before. I ended up getting Coke Zero. You can pick, you know, any Coke, Diet Coke, or regular Coke, but I like a little Coke Zero. So, let's give it a go. Ooh, it's limey. Honestly, the lime reminds me of like an ice pop lime. It's very, very sweet and actually kind of delicious. And like I said, you can't beat this view sitting up here with a Coke just hanging out. Wow. And it looks kind of empty here at the Springs today. One of my favorite commercials is actually a Coke commercial. You know the song it puts the lime in the coconut? Well, they made a lime coke and there was a commercial where someone walks in and they see a Coke can and there's a lime wedge on it and they look at the person, they're like, "You put the lime in the Coke." And then they walked away and they were like, "You nut?" And I was like, "Oh, that's clever. Very clever." But that being said, this was like 11 or $12. So, I think that's a little expensive. I'd rather just order a Coke and ask for a half and half packet and maybe some lime wedges on the side and make my own. But it's still delicious and I'm glad we got a St. Patrick's Day treat. Enough of the Coke business. But wasn't it cool that we were all the way up there just a couple minutes ago. Now I want to keep moving along and start making our way probably up near the world of Disney and the crazy shake spot. Now I think we'll make our way up to the world of Disney. I hear they have a bunch of new merchandise I want to show you. My mom wants to check on some Winnie the Pooh stuff. Well, she wants me to check for her. She's definitely looking for that Winnie the Pooh popcorn bucket, but I don't think they sell it here. And then we still got to go to Crazy Shake and try the new Shake Spot over where Sprinkles used to be. World of Disney is actually looking pretty quiet. Normally, it's a little chaotic in there, but the springs are empty. We definitely game on the right day. Wow, look at it in here. I was hoping for some Easter colors, but it looks like they just have uh regular blue lights up there. They have a lot of stuff for Valentine's Day, but nothing really kicking off for spring or St. Patrick's Day. They might have like a little tiny rack. Oh, hello spring. There's some spring merchandise. Look at Pluto in the flower bed. That's actually awesome. I love anything with Pluto on it. And I think this is like $49.99, but that's the only thing I've seen so far. I haven't seen anything for Easter or St. Patrick's Day. This is the only spring flowery thing. They have like the spring colors of all the different spirit jerseys, but nothing specific. But obviously, if you are looking for like floral spring merchandise, the best place to go is the Flower and Garden Festival at Epcot. We were there for the opening day and I had so much fun. I made a video, but I definitely need to go back so that I could try more of the food. Normally, I don't notice plushes, but look at how cool these plushes are over here. This is for the anniversary of Fantasia, 85 years. I love this though. And they also have something for Jungle Book. And it looks like this is a Disney vault collection. I've never seen this before. It's my first time seeing it. So, it would be curious to see if they end up doing it for all the movies, but I still think that's really interesting. And I also think these flowers over here are new. I've never seen these before, but I don't know. Uh, I think they're just literally stuffed animal flowers. Yeah, they have all the different characters. Oh, my mom asked me to get this one for her. Got to see how much this is. $16.99. Holy moly, that's more expensive than a real rose. I'm still going to get it for my mom, but at first I thought it was just a stuffed animal, but it's bendy, so you can kind of like use it for decoration or an accessory. Look, you can kind of like make a little watch out of it. I think you can. Oh, yeah. Look at that. A nice little fancy watch. It's Poo30, so it's I guess time to poo. Speaking of the poo business, this is some of the stuff I wanted to show you guys. Look at these uh tiger crocs. This is actually really awesome. And Winnie the Pooh's on there. Almost all the characters. Eeyore. And then this one's a nice one right here. A nice Winnie the Pooh honey pot uh hoodie. They even have Funko Pops here. I don't think I've ever seen Funko Pops actually uh in in the world of Disney, but they have a lot of really cool new merchandise. And I don't know why I associate Winnie the Pooh so much with spring. Must be for like the season of the show. And you know, another thing I was looking for, I'm hoping they've got the uh new button-down collection here by Roosevelt. I don't know if it's here or not. It looks like they have the same Roosevelts here as before. The other one must be for Epcot only. So, now I think we'll hop over to the co-op and uh check out the HomeGoods. I always like cutting through the Crystal Art store to look at all the fancy things I can never buy. I mean, some of the things are very affordable. Oh, wow. Look at this. Seven Dwarves collector set. It's like a set of shot glasses. $99 for that. That is actually really, really cool. They have a whole Snow White table over here. Oh, wow. Look at this chest set, too. That's another holy amazing piece. That's $1,900. That's pretty expensive. But some of these things are, you know, ratherly, you know, affordable. You get $120 for a little castle right there. And then for $239, you can get one a little bit bigger. But if you really wanted to go all in, I'm sure you guys know about the big castle in the back. Now, this one's expensive. $285,000 for this. And I got to say, for that amount of money, I hope they give you the display case. I mean, it'd be cool to have this in your house just spinning around and around. I think that's really fancy, but it's the price of a house. And then also, I wanted to check out the photo pass studio. Oh, it looks like they're doing a little tangled backdrop. Look at this. The snuggly dunling. The snuggly duckling. I said dunling. I think that's interesting that they have the tangled photo opportunity. I don't think they have Easter bunny uh Easter bunny photos here. I think that's only at the Magic Kingdom. You would think they'd have like a nice little spring floral display there with the Easter Bunny, but uh you know, you got to buy a park ticket to meet the man himself. To be honest, it looks like all of the HomeGoods merchandise is gone. This is all men's clothing over here. And then a nice little uh selection of uh Nightmare Before Christmas. They have uh the centerpiece, but usually they have a lot more over there. That's kind of shocking. I don't see anything new really. I showed you guys this last time, but uh everything still seems the same. I'm looking for that one really cool thing that, you know, will uh add into my nice little home. Maybe a nice little floor mat or doormat. Look at this. What is this? Why is this doormat so tiny? But it's interesting though, isn't it? It's like a little tiny like rectangle. Enough of the shopping. I really didn't see anything I wanted to get today except for my mom's flower, which I hope she wears it as a watch. And now I think maybe we'll make our way down to get a milkshake. That crazy shake. Crazy shake. Crazy old Maurice. I want to see how crazy they actually are. And here it is. Crazy Shake by Black Tap. And this used to be the old Sprinkles location. I told you it wasn't going to take long before somebody moved in. I wasn't expecting it to be a milkshake spot and they took the ATM away, but I bet you it's probably hard to serve milkshakes at a mobile ATM. The menu they have out front has some pictures of the milkshakes. And now I understand why it's called Crazy Shake. You can get the regular shakes down here for $12, but for $24, look at how crazy that is. That's the uh special edition Mickey shake that they sell here. $24. They have a couple of other shakes that are pretty crazy, too. Like the Bam Bam shake. It's Fruity Pebbles, Cookies and Cream, a Brooklyn Blackout, and the cookie shake. And I think they serve it kind of fancy. Yeah, they have a better display over here with a little holder on it. So, I guess now it's time for a little milkshake business. They have a Black Tap over in Disneyland at Downtown Disney and they have burgers and milkshakes. I've eaten there. The burgers are okay. I like the French fries, but this location is only serving milkshakes. And for $24, those milkshakes better be amazing. I'm definitely going to get the Mickey Mouse one, but I would like to come back and see what else they have. And maybe they'll have uh like a monthly milkshake we can check out. It kind of still looks like sprinkles in here. And here's some pictures of the shakes. Like I said, I ended up going with the special edition Mickey one, but that cookies and cream supreme one looks really good. And the Bam Bam shake there. Oh, and they have a little area where they show you building the shake. Look at all the ingredients. I thought for a second that was bubblegum right there. Kind of. I kind of feel like this is like Willy Wonka. I definitely can say this shake is crazy. Look at this. Look at this. Is my head for comparison. They almost put a whole can of whipped cream on there. Wow. And then you got rock candy. It's starting to melt a little bit, so I want to take a sip. And we got a Mickey Rice Krispie treat. So, here we go. >> Oh, that's good. A nice strawberry milkshake. Again, I'm so mesmerized by this cup. Look, it everything's getting caught right there. So then you can grab your spoon and eat it. This is like such a great invention. I don't know if other places have it, but this is the first time I'm seeing it and I love it and I can walk around with it. Look at this. I'M WALKING IN CARRYING MY MILKSHAKE that's got a CAN OF WHIPPED CREAM on it. That being said, I don't know if it's worth the price. I would have to see how much the Mickey uh Rice Krispie treat is because altogether it's $24. $12 just for the milkshake. And then if this is $8, then that's going to be $20. So then you're paying an extra $4 for uh the rock candy maybe and the sprinkles. You can just get a strawberry shake and then go buy a Rice Krispie treat. Make it your own. But I don't think it'll look like this. Let me take it off here. Oh, it does come on a little popsicle stick though. Look at that. We got to try. Oh, you know what we should do? We should add a little bit to the ears. Oh, and with the fancy cup, you can just dip it all in there. Look at that. Get a nice little bite. Oh, I don't want to drop my rock candy. There we go. Holy moly. It's a little bit messy, even though it's contained very well. Kind of sounds like me. I guess we're going to have to try everything all together. So, I'll take a bite of the Rice Krispie treat, some raw candy, and then some milkshake. I could do without the rock candy. You guys let me know what you think in the comments. Would you pay $24 for a crazy shake here? I mean, I think it's good for one experience, but for the most part, I probably will just stick to the classic shakes. No need to get all crazy. It's so awesome to be able to walk around and drink your milkshake without it spilling all over the place. Oh, I got a beard. Well, we had cookies at Gideon's, a CocaCola at the Coke store, a crazy shake at Crazy Shake. So, now I think I need to get something savory. Maybe a little lunch. And what goes good with cookies and shakes? Fish and chips. So, we're going to get something for cooks because St. Patrick's Day is just around the corner. Here is a look at the menu. And to be honest, I always thought they just had fish and chips here, but they have a lot of stuff. They even have chicken tenders in a hog in a box. Caramelized pulled pork, crispy fried skin on potatoes stuffing, caramelized onions, and applesauce. So, I kind of want to try a hog in a box. And then maybe uh some chicken tenders. Well, I think I got a little ambitious. I really wanted to try the chicken tenders cuz like I said, I only thought they had fish and chips here. But that hog in a box just sounded so interesting. I couldn't pass it up, so I got them both. And let me show you what this food looks like. I'm actually really surprised with the hog in the box. It looks amazing. Just take a look at this hog in the box. It looks amazing. Especially that pulled pork right there. That's a big gigantic piece of pulled pork. And it's heavy. It's definitely heavy. The stuffing, the potatoes, the caramelized onions. I really think I'm going to love this. So, we're going to start with this, the hog in the box, and then we're going to get to the chicken tenders. All right, I'm getting into this pulled pork. Let me just pull Holy moly. Yo, what is Cooks doing with the pulled pork business here? That is And there's still some left in there. I think this was $17. This pork looks phenomenal. I'm just going to go in. Oh, hot. Oh, it was hot. But it was absolutely delicious, too. This might be one of my new favorite meals at Disney Springs. I can't believe I've never had this before. It's literally everything I like. And applesauce. Now, I want to try some of this stuffing. Some of the stuffing and potatoes. M. Good stuffing. That's a good potato, too. Wow. Honestly, like I said, I think this might be one of my new favorite meals here. It is so good. Wow. And I love how it's all just piled together in there. So, all the flavors are blending together. I absolutely love this. I'm so happy we decided to stop and I was able to show you. And now I want to show you the chicken tenders. The chicken tenders and chips. Looks like they give you two of them. Look at these precious beauties. Two big chicken tenders and French fries. I hope these aren't hot cuz that's going to burn. Let's crack open one of these chicken tenders. It's kind of giving me Long John Silvers vibes here. I always break open my chicken tenders just to make sure it's all cooked all the way through and through. And this breading is probably going to be amazing. To be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of fish and I always see like fish and chips and I think the breading has got to be phenomenal. And the fact that they have chicken here, look at how juicy that is. I can't believe I've been sleeping on cooks. This is where it's at. And you know, we got to try the chips with the chicken. Oh, listen to that crunch. Overall, I guess we can say we had a very tasty lunch here at Cooks of Dublin. And I definitely will come back. And if you guys are looking for a good spot to come out and have dinner for St. Patrick's Day, I suggest here or Raglin Road. The food is both at uh the food is great at both places. I'm going to finish up my chicken tenders and hog in the box, but we got to keep moving along. I'm not too sure what else I want to do here at the Springs, but I got to get home and check on little Gracie girl. And we still got our surprise Gideon's cookie review. And oh, I got something I want to show you. Some new collectibles that I'm going to add to my collection. So, uh, let's finish up here. One more break. I love chicken. After those chicken tenders, I think I'm feeling a little too full. So, I think we're gonna just start making our way home and check on Gracie Girl. But I was wondering if any of you guys got to see the new Disney movie Hoppers. I actually went and saw it the other day. I thought it was pretty funny. I mean, I love the whole entire idea behind it, but you know, from the previews and the marketing, I thought the lizard was the main character. You know, how it was like lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard. He's not even the main character. It's a beaver. And uh I think it's actually really really good. I mean, I wouldn't put it up there with like some of my favorite Disney movies, but I would uh back in the day, I would probably buy it on VHS and keep it and watch it again. So, it's very good. I hope you guys get to check it out. And now, like I said, up to the orange garage. Got to go check on little Gracie girl. Oh, great. Are you in your house? Were you in your house? Oh, you were. I saw you in there. Yeah. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, you want a treat? I'm so happy I caught Gracie sleeping in her little house. It makes me feel better knowing she's using it when I'm not here. That tells me she definitely likes it. And I got a lot of cool things I actually want to show you. I know I mentioned the Gideon's cookie and uh the cool new Disney piece of history I have to add to my collection, but first let's get Gracie her uh sweet treat. I know I can't get her any cupcakes cuz they got milkshakes there now. I thought about it. I was like, you know, they should have like a little doggy milkshake or like a frozen dog ice cream if they knew. You know what I mean? There's a big, you know, market at Disney Springs for pup treats. Uh but yeah, I still have these ones here. these little assorted mut ones. And she really likes them. So, I I kind of feel like uh this is going to be one of our new go-tos. I think this one's peanut butter. Or it could be vanilla. Oh, it's a vanilla. Do you want a treat? You want a treat? Is that a good stretch? That was a good stretch, huh? What? Here we go. Yeah, I think she likes them. Well, now that Gracie got her sweet treat, I want to get back to the cookie business. And like I mentioned, I got a bonus Gideon's cookie review for you guys, and it's a special edition cookie. My friend Shawn went to a D23 event at Disney Springs where they played 101 Dalmatians at the movie theater and Floyd Newman was there, the animator. And Gideonss made a special cookie just for the 101 Dalmatians and he uh gave it to me. He brought it home and saved it for me cuz you know I love 101 Dalmatians and it's a Corella Deville Gideon's cookie. How awesome is that? So, thank you Sean. and I wanted to save it so that I can film uh showing you guys. I wanted to I wanted to save it for the next time I made a cookie review because I think it's so amazing. Sadly though, I put it in the freezer to save it and now it's frozen. So, we're going to have to heat it up a little bit, but I still wanted to show you. Look at this. The Corella Deville Gideons cookie. It's a stuffed cookie with cookies and cream filling, chocolate, and red sprinkles. It looks so good. Look at the back. You can see the cookies and cream filling in there. So, I'm going to pop it in the microwave and then we'll break the cookie. All right. Should be good to go. So, let's break on it. Oh. Oh, wow. It is a stuffed cookie. Wow. It looks like a gigantic Oreo. So, let's uh dive on in. Thank you, Sean. It tastes just like an Oreo cakester but in like a cookie like texture-wise. It's so delicious. I absolutely love it. And I love that it's like 101 Dalmatians cuz of like, you know, little Gracie girl. You guys could tell I'm a big 101 Dalmatian fan. Look at this corner here. You know what? My favorite is right right here. Look at her in there. I love it. I'm going to add some more to it. But Gracie, look it. It's a 101 Dalmatian cookie. She can't have any of this. It's chocolate. I love making these Disney Springs videos because I always like to add in a little like home vlog at the end, you know, just keep you guys updated on what I got going on at the house. Gracie girl, my Disney collectibles. And uh I actually found some really cool things that when I whenever I find something that I think is just like awesome, I want to kind of like share it with you guys kind of or I'm just like, "Hey, look at this cool thing that I got." cuz I know a lot of people that watch these videos or my videos, you you kind of like have maybe the same interest. You know, you I love cool old vintage Disney things, and these were something I really wanted to get for a long time. Check this out. These are 1950s uh Ben Cooper Mickey uh mousketeer hats. I actually got two of them in pretty good condition. But isn't that kind of scary looking? Like they smell scary looking, too. But I thought that was really, really awesome. I wanted to show you. And I love how it has the mousketeer on the top here. A nice set of uh Mickey Mousees. What I eventually want to maybe do is get a bigger shelf here so that I can put some display heads and just like have them on display along with all of my other kind of weird awesome things. You guys know this is one of the animatronic molds from uh Spaceship Earth. And then World Emotion down here. And it's just like a nice little shelf, but I think these will fit in good there. They're kind of scary the way they keep looking at you. Those eyes are piercing. What do you think, Grace? How do you feel about these uh these two mouses? And with that, I think we are done here today. I had a lot of fun at Disney Springs. I got to try two cookies and a crazy milkshake and had some pretty good food, some pretty good Irish food for St. Patrick's Day. And also, I wanted to let you guys know I have a lot of really cool things coming up. Uh, of course you guys know Mega Con is around the corner in Orlando, and I'm gonna be there doing a meet and greet at the Roosevelt's booth Sunday from 1:00 p.m. to 300 p.m. So, if you have tickets on Sunday, come on by the booth, just say hi, hang out. Um, doesn't cost anything. I'm just going to be there chilling and hopefully getting to meet a lot of people that watch the video. So, I'd love to meet you and I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it and I can't wait to keep on doing our Disney Springs monthly videos.
