---
video_id: L2ywq8qX0Vs
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Animal Kingdom 2026 | What’s NEW: DINOSAUR Closing & Bluey Meet & Greet-Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2ywq8qX0Vs
---
Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Disney's Animal Kingdom. And now that it's officially 2026, I want to show you all the new things happening in the park. Sadly, Dinosaur, one of my all-time favorite rides, is closing in just a couple of days. So, I want to get my last ride in. And also, there's going to be a new Blue Eyee meet and greet in the park and a lot more. I can't wait to show you. So, we're going to eat some food, ride some rides, and have a beautiful Animal Kingdom kind of day. Anywh who, let's go do this. Well, it's another beautiful day here in Florida. Temperatures are in the low 50s. We're in the middle of a cold front and I'm excited to show you all of the new things happening in the park for 2026 and just hang out and ride some rides. Maybe go on Kilamanjaro safaris, see some lions, tigers, saddlebuild stors, and have a cozy chilly Animal Kingdom day. If you guys didn't know, Disney announced that they're closing Dino Land USA to make way for the new Tropical Americas and they already closed half of the area. The only thing that's still open is the dinosaur attraction and the restaurantosaurus. But that time has come to an end because the last day to ride dinosaur is February 1st, 2026. And that is literally like 2 weeks away. So if you're watching this after February 1st, Dinosaur is closed and I am heartbroken. But I am excited for the new Indiana Jones attraction. I love all of the other ones around the world and I think it's going to fit in well. I just wish we could have them both. So, I want to show you the area and also show you the progress because they already started building the Encanto attraction like the show building. They have new buildings over there already. And then spend a day just walking around talking about all the cool things in 2026. And take a look at this. They already have new structures built for the tropical Americas. And I can see actually some of the construction equipment working right now. This is impressive how much they've gotten done so far. And like I said, since I want to get my last ride in on Dinosaur, might as well start with all the Dino Land USA construction updates. Look at the size of that crane up there. Holy moly. You can actually see them moving steel beams with that crane up there. Look at that. Wow. It's so cool seeing it move like that. Normally when I see it, it's just stationary. That's pretty impressive. That's a big crane. Wow, that is so awesome. They already have like structures on the land. The last time I was here, that was just flat land. They demolished everything, half of the whole Dino Land USA, but now that looks like it's either the new Encanto like uh attraction show building or just a park like they're already half structures. And like I said, the other half of the park or Dino Land USA is open and that's where Dinosaur the Ride and Restaurantosaurus is. So, we're going to make our way over there. I want to try some of the food one last time. And, you know, of course, like I said, say farewell to one of my favorite attractions. I really believe this ride is going to go down as the scariest Disney ride ever made. I mean, just look at the warning. This experience includes dark places and scary dinosaurs. This prehistoric tour is a high-speed turbulent ride adventure that includes sharp turns and sudden drops. Just what I like. I bought the Lightning Lane pass today for $17 because I want to ride some of the rides and I won't want to wait in any of the long lines. And for my first three picks, I got Dinosaur, Expedition Everest, and Kilamanjaro Safaris. And it got me thinking that Animal Kingdom is going to have to switch up their Lightning Lane like tears because when Dinosaur closes, there's going to be one less option and there's not a lot of options already here in this park. They might include uh Avatar Flight of Passage into that Lightning Lane group. Uh since it's the only single purchase one, which I could have bought, too. It was $17. So, you could pay $17 just to ride Flight of Passage, or you could pay $17 to ride all the rides, you know, and I think they should do that cuz it's not worth it without dinosaurs. So, I think we're going to uh head on in and uh get our ride in and pay our last respects. Hello there. Welcome to our little transdimensional joy ride, folks. I'm Dr. Seeker, your friendly controller and a heck of a paleontologist, if I do say so myself. And don't worry about that asteroid. You'll be in and out of there before it breaks the atmosphere. Trust me, what could go wrong? Whatever they do, I hope they keep that dusty smell in here. I love this smell of dinosaur. And also, I'm going to point this out because, you know, it's our farewell run, but uh these pipes right here are actually from when it was Countdown to Extinction, and it was sponsored by McDonald's. And uh over here when we get closer you'll see it's the ingredients for ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise. Look at that. How cool would it be if they kept that in Indiana Jones? But I don't think Indiana Jones likes McDonald's. Time travel commencing in tus 20 seconds and counting. This is Seeker. Listen up. We've got to get in, grab the iguanadon, and get out before that asteroid hits. Let's roll. Okay, now let's go get that dino computer. What are you tracking? Skyraosaurus. Not our dino. Warning. Meteor shower in range. Just little one. Polaris. Raptor. Time to get serious. Locking autopilot on holding signal now. Could be ours. Computer, full stop. Identify. One. Definitely not our dino. Go. Sarah. Still not our dino, but at least this one's a vegetarian computer. Now what? Carnotaurus. That's it. Abort mission. Abort. Abort. Iguana. FORGET IT. GET THEM OUT NOW. Asteroid impact. Brace yourself to the day. We're not GOING TO MAKE IT. WE'RE NOT GOING TO MAKE IT. WOO! Mission accomplished. You made it. I knew you would. And guess who made it back with you? I better find you before security does. Thanks for everything. Here is a look at the gift shop. This is the only uh dinosaur merchandise left. And it doesn't look like it's that full in here. I feel like they're missing things already. I used to get the dinosaur hand puppets. Oh, they still got plenty of those over there. But uh I'm excited to see if they do uh any like farewell merchandise. Looks like they got some uh dinosaur merch over here. But nothing ride exclusive. It's just dinosaurs. And there you have it. My last ride on Dinosaur. And I'm so happy I had one last chance to go get that dino. And we did. We got that dino. And like I said, I'm gonna miss it a lot. But I'm excited for Indiana Jones, too. And you know, I wouldn't put it past Indiana Jones to time travel and end up seeing some dinosaurs in the new attraction. I think that would be a really cool tiein. I mean, what else are they going to do with those animatronics? Heck, if they don't want them, I'll take them. But uh like I said, now that we got to ride the ride, I want to go into a restaurantosaurus and uh maybe get myself a kids meal. I used to love getting the kids meals here because they used to put it in like a sand pail and you get like French fries and corn dog nuggets. I don't know. I just want to feel nostalgic, you know, and uh I'm going to miss the food and even the ice cream sandwich spot over there. There's a lot to lose over here. I feel like restaurantosaurus is one of the most underappreciated quicks service restaurants just from the theming alone. Look at how cool this all looks. They have a basketball hoop over there, a camper out front that you can actually sit in. It's not just like uh decoration. And I love just the theming of it. I'm going to show you around real quick because like I said, I think this is all closing. All of this is closing with the dinosaur, the pterodactyl up there. Oh, I really do. I'm really sad. I'm going to miss it a lot in here. Look at all of the decorations inside this dining room. I love the old school dinosaur puppets up there. And this is what I was talking about in the back area. They have like a camper that you can actually sit in. They have tables and a jukebox and everything. It's very, very cool. Ooh, and they have a penny souvenir machine in here, too. This is all for dinosaurs. These are probably going to be gone quick. So, if you want to come get them, last chance, but I'm going to miss it a lot in here. Like I said, I feel like it added something special. Kind of '90s. The land that time forgot. Oh, I used to love that movie. Look at that. They have a movie poster up there. That's kind of cool. And I decided on getting the waffle cone chicken strips and French fries. These are chicken strips uh battered and coated in waffle cone pieces and served in a waffle cone bowl. Look at these chicken strips. And they have a maple glaze on them. So they look amazing and I'm excited. I've never had them before and they're going to be going away soon. And uh might as well dive on in to the uh waffle battered uh chicken strips. Takes it to a new level when you say, you know, chicken and waffles. Oo, I kind of like that. Shockingly, they're a lot softer than I thought they were going to be cuz I was thinking waffle cone pieces. It's going to be a little crunchy, but the maple glaze sauce that they have on it makes it nice and sweet. I really like this a lot. And this is a part of like those really cool chicken tenders they're doing all around the Disney resort. And for $13, I feel like this is a really good meal. These are some beefy chicken tenders. Look at that. That's a huge tender there. And they're very battery. Very, very good. Sadly, I asked them if they still serve the kids meals in the green pill, and they don't do that anymore. But I'm glad that I got to try these before it closes, you know, cuz I think it it really is a unique chicken tender, like something special. I always get tired of the same old chicken tender. So, them mixing it up a little bit makes it better. I want to show you a little break action. Oh, look at that. Very waffle cone crummy. I was going to get a nice little ice cream sandwich for dessert, but it looks like Dino Bite snacks already closed. They used to make like cookie ice cream sandwiches here, and they always would have a seasonal one, but it's gone now. And I guess this is our final farewell to the restaurantosaurus area. Here's the Airstream I showed you earlier, the outside of it. I'm going to miss this whole area. There's not much left because uh this whole area is like divided by these walls. I'm sad I didn't get to say goodbye to the ice cream sandwiches. They were really, really delicious. And they always had different seasonal ones. But I'm glad I got to try the waffle cone chicken strips before it closes. And now I think we're going to move along from Dino Land USA, make our way towards Expedition Everest cuz I think that's our next Lightning Lane. And then I want to talk about the Bluey meet and greet. head over to Pandora and do Kilamanjaro Safaris. It's been a very productive day and I'm excited cuz the weather is so beautiful. I can hear the screams from Everest now and it's getting me excited. Last time we were here, we were trying to ride it at night, but it went down and I never got to actually do it at night. And the park itself has been closing so early, 6:00 p. p.m. this whole week. But here's a look at the wait times. Cali River Rapids is only a 5-minute wait, probably cuz it's so cold out. Flight of Passage is 45 minutes and Na'vi River is 55. Look at that. Kilman Charles 15 minutes. It's actually a pretty slow day in the park. I honestly don't think I needed that Lightning Lane. I could have done uh Dinosaur. It was only a 10-minute wait. Expedition Everest always has the uh single rider line, so might as well use it. Go for a nice little expedition. Honestly, it probably is a really good idea to do Cali River Rapids because if nobody's riding it, we might get our own boat. You know what I mean? Because no one wants to get wet cuz being wet and then cold later on tonight when it drops down to the 30s or 40s is not a good mix at Animal Kingdom. So, uh we'll assess the situation after Everest. Maybe I don't mind I don't mind gay uh being a little soggy bottom boy. Expedition Everest has a really cool themed queue, too, but you do skip a lot of it if you do the Lightning Lane. And this is the single rider line I was talking about. It's right on the side of the building here. I'm a single rider now, but I kind of want to ride in the front row. So, uh, if you're a single rider, you can't really request which row you want to go in. But that's the line right there. You can literally just walk on. There's like five people waiting. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh no. Oh boy. You can see Epcot and Tower of Terror. Hang on. Woo! Oh, here it goes. Woo! Woo! That was really cold on the face this time. Expedition Everest always gets my heart pounding. And I love that we rode during like chilly weather because I felt the coldness on my face and it felt like really really fun, you know? And it kind of convinced me not to do Cali River Rapids. I think it's a little too cold and I don't want to be walking around and catching a cold. So, I think we're going to make our way over to Africa. We got Kilamanjaro Safaris and also I want to talk about the Bluey meet and greet. Bluey and I think Bingo are going to do meet and greets at the conservation station in Rafiki's Planet Watch. And Disney announced that it's going to happen sometime in summer and I think that's awesome. I don't know. I think that's the first time Blue's been in the parks. I know he's uh already made appearances maybe on the Disney cruise line, but uh to have a meet and greet here at Animal Kingdom, I think it's going to draw a huge crowd. And I'm excited to ride Kiljaro Safaris and maybe get a little snack. A little stickity snack. Stickity snack. And here it is, Rafiki's Planet Watch. This is the future home to the Bluey meet and greet. And I think this is much needed. A lot of this area really doesn't get utilized that often. In fact, you take a train over to the conservation station. So, I think Bluey is going to make it very popular over there. And I also want to stop into Zuri Suits. This is a nice little sweet shop over in Africa. And maybe I want to get a nice little uh nice little dessert. And then maybe uh on to Kilamanjaro Safaris. Look at all of these delicious looking sweet treats. They've got tiger Mickey marshmallows and a zebra one. I love how everything's all festive. A Simba cupcake, lemon with blueberry filling, and then they have a zebra cupcake with vanilla and chocolate. I kind of feel like I should get myself a little sweet treat here. I've never had that Simba cupcake, but these little uh zebra Mickey marshmallows look really cool. And then they also have uh cookies, too. Look at a giraffe cookie right there. And then a uh zebra Mickey cookie. All of it looks good. Well, I ended up getting a couple sweet treats from Sherry's sweet shop, and I found this nice cozy spot over in the Harambe Market where you'll see the train from Rafiki's Planet Watch come by. So, I'll be able to show you that while we're enjoying some nice animal themed snacks. And I got the giraffe cookie cuz I just thought it looked really, really cool along with the tiger marshmallow pop. But I already pulled out the uh stick so I could take a photo of it. And then they gave me the zebra cookie because uh they thought that I said the zebra one first. So I got a free cookie out of the deal. Let's dive on in. Let's break on into I guess the uh zebra cookie first. And I don't know. I want to eat ears first, but I want to break it down the middle. So I'll see if I can do it like this. Ooh, it's very soft. Look at that. Oh, I wonder if it tastes like a zebra dome. Very delicious and very soft. I love the white chocolate and chocolate on top there. I'm glad we got to try this. Now, you'll find these cookies basically in every single bakery, but I don't think you'll find zebra giraffe ones anywhere other than Animal Kingdom. And this is just a marshmallow. It's not a cookie or a cake pop. And it kind of reminds me of Tiger. So, uh, ears first. Oo. So, we got tigers, giraffes, and zebras. Lots of stripes happening. And I think the train should be coming by any second. I still want to break into this cookie, though. I think it's the same exact one as the zebra, just with a giraffe pattern. I still like it, though. Oh, here comes the train from Rafiki's Planet Watch now. Oh, and Goofy's actually on the other side. Look at how fun this train actually looks. This is what you have to take if you want to go see uh Bluey and Bingo this summer. How you doing? Hey, how are you? Just sitting over here is really relaxing. And I could have gotten like a, you know, different sweet treat, but I don't know. I kind of felt festive with all the animals. And we're about to go on Kilamanjaro safaris. So, I hope I see a zebra, a giraffe, and a tiger. Oh, I don't know if I see a tiger. Might have to go back over that way because I don't think they have tigers on Kilanjaro safaris. As I was eating my little animal snacks, I was listening to the beautiful music. And it's actually live music. Look, he's actually sitting here playing. Very talented, sir. Thank you. Very cozy. And now, I think uh let's make our way up to Kilamanjaro Safaris. Ah, you know, I'm really loving the weather now. It's great to see the sun and not be sweating at the same time. Killaro Safaris is only a 5minute wait. So, I think I can officially say I wasted my money in the Lightning Lane. Every single attraction we went to today has had a 5minute or less wait. Even Dinosaur early when I got there, I thought it was going to be super busy because, you know, like I said, it's closing in 2 weeks. But, uh, it just seems like a super slow day here. So, I'm glad at least we're getting a lot done. Wow. Take a look at this, guys. There's actually nobody waiting for Kiljaro Safaris. Like, both sides are completely empty. Wow, look at this. I don't know where we're going, but they could take me anywhere. I'll tell you what, this might be like a family ride, but it literally rocks me around. My back hurts after riding this ride cuz it's very rough terrain. On the right are going to be two birds called the saddle boat stors. The two that live here are mates who mate for life. Something really interesting about a saddle boat stork. They have no vocal cords. So for these birds to communicate, what they do instead is they rattle their bows together. Wow, look at that rhino. Inside is a black rhinoceros. The black rhino. It is a solidary creature by nature. So having homes for themselves, that's what they prefer. At the baby giraffe here, the little guy was never actually little. He was about 6t tall when first born. And today, not even at a year old, he's about 10 ft tall. So these adults are 18 to 20 ft tall when fully grown. So amazing creatures in their height. Female. Another couple of signs. First is their size. Female elephants are much smaller than male elephants. So, a female elephant, she's about 8,000 lb when fully grown. A male will range somewhere between 10 to 15,000 lb when fully grown. Another sign that those are female is how social they are. Light touches is your domain. The lions are just now waking up. As lions are nocturnal, they hunt at night. They sleep during the daytime. So, the lion sleeps roughly 16 hours every day to conserve energy in between the hunt. When it's time to go out for that hunt, it's not that male who's going to be the hunter. Oh, wow. These two girls here, they are the hunters. So, the girls are the ones that are expected to go out every single night. They will hunt. They will bring home all the food. Now, while these two girls are the hunters, what does that male do? Well, he's a defender. So, while these girls go out for the hunt, the male tends to stay behind. He protects the territory that the lions live in, and he'll defend the young when the girls go out as well. Oh, look at these little dwarf goats. So small that they almost look the size of baby goats. No one here is a baby. These are full grown adults. They just don't get very large. Hence that name dwarf goat. That's adorable. Dwarf. I want to become a goat farmer. Well, that was a really good safari. I feel like we got to see lots of animals up close. Lions hanging out on Pride Rock, the baby giraffe, a couple of elephants. You know, I didn't get to see a tiger, but I get I did get to see all my other sweet treats on there. And now I think we're going to keep moving and maybe make our way through Pandora and then back out to the front of the park. I'm making my way down into Pandora. And look at this. I can actually just book a Na'vi River Journey experience. Na'vi River Journey. Just like that. And I love walking in here just before sunset. Look at how beautiful this is right now. I mean, I think Pandora is better at night, but just coming back during the sunset is so nice. But you got to see all the bioluminescence. That's the best part of it. It actually looks like they're redoing the bioluminescence on the ground here. And it definitely needed it because, you know, as people walk on the pavement, it wears off. And you can see it. This is brand new and fresh. And then look at the ground where they didn't do the work. You can honestly see the difference. Isn't that kind of crazy? Look at that. I can automatically just see like the brightness of all the different like colors and lights. And uh this is fresh. So, they must do this quite often. And I think they have to do it like piece by piece or else it's going to be hard to actually get it all done cuz this is a lot of walkway. At least I'm going to do the Na'vi River journey. So, my Lightning Lane uh you know waste isn't that bad because it is 45 minutes. So, it did come in handy at least once. Here comes our boat. Yeah. Heat. There we go. Now eating now My y my My Y. Wasn't that so relaxful and peaceful? I love it in there. I could literally fall asleep to the soundtrack of that. But now I think it's time we start making our way back to the front of the park. We got to go check on little Gracie girl. And I also want to see if they got any new merchandise out. I always like checking to see if there's any new merchandise. My sister has me on the hunt for a new Pandora Charm, but it's a High School uh musical Pandora Charm, and I think it's only available in Disneyland Paris. So, I'm going to look either way. Oh, wow. Look at this. This is a nice little coat. It's a small world, too. Wow. I've never seen this before. Oh, wow. That's very impressive patchwork. This also looks like a new collection over here. Look at this Mickey Mouse. Wow. I like this. This is very, very nice. Ooh, and they also have like a polo button-up shirt over here kind of, but this isn't really great material. I like Roosevelt's material better. But I like how that one says Animal Kingdom on it. And then they also have a shirt here. We are all connected. This must be all new stuff cuz I've never seen it before. They even got pillows over there. Well, there really wasn't anything inside the store I wanted to buy. And I checked and I think that High School Musical Pandora bead is only at Disneyland Paris. So, I guess I'm going to have to go back to Disneyland Paris to get my sister a Pandora bead. And now I think we're going to start making our way home and uh check out little Gracie girl. Oh, and there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie. Girl, let me get THIS CONE OFF. OH, WHO'S so excited to get that cone off? Yes. Oh, what a good girl. Unfortunately, Gracie hurt her paw and she has to wear that cone uh so she doesn't lick and, you know, get it all infected. So, she is super excited whenever I come home. She hates the cone and she constantly is like bouncing off of things. So, I kind of cleared everything out of the way so she kind of has free roam. Uh, but, you know, she's kind of got accustomed to it now and I don't think she, you know, hates it as bad as, you know, when she first was wearing it. When she first was wearing it, I don't think I slept for like the whole like first week. But, uh, now she's, uh, really doing good and her paws healing up. So, hopefully, uh, she won't have to wear it much too long. much too long. Anywh who, I had a great day at Animal Kingdom and like I said, there's a lot to look forward to. I think at some point I kind of stopped talking about all the new things and just had fun in the park cuz I was really enjoying the cozy vibes with like the chilly weather and I think that kind of got the best of me and we just we just went for it. So, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it and uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
