---
video_id: -usnGiPz06w
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "EPCOT Flower & Garden Festival 2026 | The BEST Food • French Toast, Tanghulu & Ribs | Disney World"
published: 2026-03-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-usnGiPz06w
---
Hey friends, today we are going to the Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival and I am so excited. There are so many new food and beverage offerings for us to try this year along with a bunch of beautiful topiaries to look at. I kind of want to show you everything. So, we're going to smell some flowers, eat some food, and have a beautiful flower and garden festival kind of day. Anywh who, let's go do this. I don't think we could have asked for a better day for a festival. Temperatures are in the low70s and I'm excited to show you everything the festival has to offer and eat lots of food. I just love being here. I just love everything about Flower and Garden. There is just something about Flower and Garden Festival that makes me feel happy and bright. I don't know if it's the color of the flowers or the smell of the food. I just love being here and it gets bigger every single year and there's a lot of new things to show you. I'm excited to try the French toast at brunch cot and then the Coca-Cola ribs along with a lot of other amazing dishes and just look at all the pretty flowers. I feel like Flower and Garden Festival has something for everyone. The first topiaries we came across are the carves ones. Look at this to meter in the back there. And it's actually really awesome because we're going to be seeing a lot of Pixar topiaries cuz they're celebrating 40 years here at Flower and Garden Festival. And let me tell you something, Pixar has some of my favorite characters. So, we'll definitely be showing you as we move along. Right now, I think I want to get some brunch. Just like any of the other festivals, first things first, we have to get our festival passport. All of the information and the food menus are inside this passport along with the garden grays, which is a fun little activity. It's like a challenge. You go around and you try different plant-based items and you collect stamps. And if you collect five stamps, you get a festival prize. And normally I like to do these, but this is all vegan or plant-based. All the garden graze items cuz it's Flower and Garden. So, I'm going to try to complete this and try a big variety of snacks. Take a look at the Monsters Inc. topiary. I love this. I feel like Sully is looking a little slim there, but it's cool that they put the braces on uh Mike Wazowski right here. So, this must be for Monsters University cuz it says MU. And they have a bunch of other bushes of Monsters, Monster Bushes. This whole area is actually Monsters, Inc., including over there. So, I kind of like it. And I like the colors of the flower pots. Now that we got to see some of the topiaries, and I'll show you a lot more as we go about our day. I want to get a little brunch over at Brunch Cot. This is one of the festival food stands, and they got a nice mixture of sweet, delicious treats and uh some savory avocado toast. Look at the shirts. It's literally me wearing that shirt that you guys are wearing right now. And it's your birthday, so happy birthday. Thank you. >> Yeah. And I'm honored. Thank you so much. I love running into anyone wearing my merchandise in the park. It is such an honor. Thank you so much to anyone that's ever bought a shirt or just wore a shirt or anyone that watches these videos. It literally is the greatest thing I think I've ever done in my life. And here it is. Brunch cot combining two of my favorite things. Brunch and Epcot. And they have something new on the menu this year. French toast. I want some French toast with cinnamon cereal cream and caramel sauce. And then they have like the favorites, the avocado toast and the shrimp and grits and the fruit cereal shake. I might do a little shake and French toast. We started out pretty early today and it was kind of a nice temperature. A little breezy and not too bad. But as we go about the day, it's definitely getting a little hotter and that's kind of good cuz you want a nice bright sunny day for Flower and Garden. Here is a look at everything we got from Brunch Cot. Of course, I had to get the cereal milkshake and then the French toast, which is new this year, and it actually looks pretty amazing. It's got some caramel on there, and it's a it's a minorly sized, like thick French toast. I don't like my French toast too thick. And then I got the avocado toast because I wanted to find out which toast I like more, avocado or French. I feel like I should start with the milkshake cuz it's already a little uh little runny here cuz it's hot. It's starting to get hot. And I like that the Froot Loops on top stay floating. You know what I mean? And you don't need a straw. I think you can just sip on it. Oh, it it smells like cereal. It tastes like cereal. Now that we've had our cereal milkshake, I want to get to the French toast. Look at how beautiful this actually looks. And I love that I had two different toast, French and avocado style. I forgot to grab a fork and knife. So, I think I'm just gonna eat the French toast uh handheld style. It's a little bit hard. I don't want to fold it like a taco, but look at that. Oh, actually, look at the base of that French toast. That's what you need to see. The undercarriage of French toast. So, cheers to the French. Oh, wow. The French toast is amazing. And I love that little cream in the center there. And you get a nice little crunchy bite with the Cinnamon Toast cereal on top there. This is a great additions. And I know a lot of people are going to miss the old uh I think they were cinnamon rolls. They had like deep fried uh cinnamon rolls here, but I think this is a really good uh a good thing to add to the brunch cop menu. I only got the avocado toast because I wanted to show you guys how pretty it is. And then also so I can get my stamp for the garden graze. So now that we got our first stamp, we can uh enjoy a little avocado on toast just like it's uh just like the French toast. I'm going to eat it handheld style. Avocado toast is just, you know, very simple and it's very healthy for you. You know, I never liked avocado until I ate guacamole and then I realized that guacamole was made out of avocados and I was like, WAIT A SECOND, I LIKE AVOCADO. But I definitely think the French toast is my favorite thing at brunch cot. I just love I just like French toast. I just love it. And you know, I think it's cool to eat it little handy style like this. Now I got a French toast taco. Now that we got our brunch business taken care of, I think we're going to move along and make our way into the citrus blossom. This is a nice little uh food kitchen that has a lot of food that I actually usually love to get here. I love the orange sesame tempera shrimp, but they got new things on the menu like these cinnamon beignes and the loompa. Oh, and then look at that lemon tart. Oh, and then these are the shrimp. Oh, I guess you could tell I really do like it in here. And it's nice cuz it's indoors, so we can get out of the heat, get a little AC, relax, and they have some dining area over here. Oh, boy. It looks like the line is long, though. Oh, yeah. That's a very long line. I haven't seen it in here yet, so I wonder what it looks like. Oh, this is cozy. Wow. We got two things at the citrus blossom. And first up is the beignes. Look at how beautiful these look. And I love the blueberry combo. I think I'm going to dive right on in. Get myself a nice little beignet. And this is a pretty good price, too. Got to dip it into that blueberry. Oh, look at that. It's looking good. These are absolutely delicious. And to be honest, I don't think I've ever come across a beignet I didn't like. I wish they were a little bit more airy cuz these are kind of like solid as you see on the inside there. But the blueberry combo is a nice little touch and I love the overall flavor. I would definitely get these again and I think they're a great addition. Like I said, these are new to uh the uh festival this year and I'm glad we tried them. Enough of the beignet business. Now I want to try the lubas loompas. I'm not too sure how to pronounce it. It sounds like the Willy Wonka song. Loompa loompa. And it comes with a little sauce here. And these were on the garden graze. So maybe I'll break into it first. So these are plant-based. Oh, not too much of a snap there, but I'm excited. I don't even know what this sauce is. Let's just give it a little dab. Let's give it a little dab. Give it a little dab. Oh, hi garden. How are you? Wow. I wasn't expecting to like these, but they're pretty delicious. And they're vegan, too. So, we got our stamp for the garden grays. And I'm glad I got to try something different. Usually I stick to the shrimp. I'm shocked I didn't get the shrimp this time, but it's the usual like it's usually always on the menu here and I wanted to try all the new stuff. If you do come to the citrus blossom, I highly suggest getting the shrimp cuz I just love how long they are. But these beignes were amazing and the looas were good, too. And now we've got two stamps in our book. So, we're making our way. Might as well keep on going and uh head towards Mexico. I kind of want to do that front U like I told you. maybe Mexico and then China and then come back down because I don't know if we're gonna be able to get to every booth in today's video. Flower and garden just keeps on getting bigger like I said and I still got to go to the butterfly tent. Now we have made it into World Showcase and take a look at the Cocoa Topiaries and Dante right here. I love Dante. He's definitely one of my favorite Disney pets. And instead of going to Mexico cuz the line's actually a little long. I think I'm going to head back to China for a new uh a new sweet treat. I just want to go to China and then we're going to backtrack and do that front u that I was talking about in front of World Showcase. Oh, and we have made it to China. And this is what I came for. The Tangalooa. Is that what you how you say a tangalooa? It's basically a skewer of strawberries and grapes with some candied sugar syrup on it. They have some other good things on the menu, but I've been excited for that. And the line's not too bad. Well, this is a cool new experience. I've never had tang hoola. Tang hula. I do not pronounce words very well, but I try and most important thing. And it's basically like candy fruit. Look at that. Oh, it's leaking a little bit. Holy moly. I wasn't expecting that. So, let's dive on in. We got three strawberries and two grapes. I don't like this strawberry, though. It's got a funky little tail on it. But, I'm going to start with it. Oh wow. I don't know what I've been waiting for my whole life. This is delicious. And I love the crunch. It's so cool eating fruit that has a different texture. Like normally when I bite into a strawberry, I don't expect to have like a crunchy coating shell, but this is delicious. Very, very good. This is also something new this year. And I'm glad we came back to China because I noticed the new Norway booth has a special flower and garden festival treat. And I don't think they've ever had festival treats there. So, this could be the first one. And now I want to try a grape. It's so cool eating this. I just don't want to stab the back of my throat here cuz that's a little pokey, isn't it? Oh boy. Okay. Oh, I like that. I think I like the strawberries more than the grapes, though, because when you bite into that strawberry, it's like a mouthful of juices and crunchy candy shell. And I'm glad I got to try this. Now I want to try other fruit. You know, different types of fruit that has candy coating on it. I think I got some of that sugary syrup in my beard and now it's starting to hard a little bit. It kind of feels funny. But something else I want to do for the Flower and Garden Festival I've never done before is try to get some flowers or some seeds to plant something. I recently bought a house and I've been trying to keep the outside pretty and have nice landscaping and I've been working hard at it and then we got this cold front that killed all my plants. Everything I was working hard for, they died instantly. They weren't used to this weather. So now I want to try to re-up it and make more plants around the house and it would be cool to have something from Flower and Garden. I just ran into Promise and Travis and they were telling me that they had this before. So, literally back in the day, probably like 10 years ago at Flower and Garden Festival, this was one of my favorite dishes and they got rid of it because I think it's kind of hard to achieve with the crunchiness. And I cannot believe they brought it back. I'm so pumped. Give me a bite. Give me a bite. >> Yeah. Get in there. And also, make sure you guys congratulate Promise and Travis. They're expecting a little baby. >> It's his first his first Flower Garden Festival. Excited. >> Wow. I am very excited for you. But since we're over here, I am going to stop at that Norway booth next. And then we're going to make our way back through Mexico and to that other side of the park and hopefully uh the butterfly tent and uh the new nectar stand. Like I said, there's a lot to cover for Flower and Garden. And I think we're getting a good mix. Some new things, some classics, some topiaries, and I don't know, I'll show you some merchandise along with everything else. So far, it's been a pretty amazing day. Lots of good food and candy strawberries. In Norway, they have some really awesome Anna and Elsa topiaries. And it's awesome because, you know, they just recently got the new animatronics. Norway's getting a lot of new things, including that booth I was talking about. And I think this is the first time that they've done a festival treat here. Well, Norway definitely got themselves a cool, unique, sweet treat. Look at that. It kind of looks like school bread, but it's a lemon ble. Lemon ble, you don't say. And I don't even know if it's like school bread where it's just bread on the inside. So, I think I'll just bite on into it. I can see the lemon on top there. So, it's going to be probably pretty delicious. So, cheers. I'm going to make a mess probably of my mustache with all that cream up top. This is so delicious. Especially if you love lemon desserts. And I love that there's actually filling on the inside. I, you know, I was going to, you know, grab a fork and knife, but I really love just taking big bites out of things. And it definitely tastes like school bread, but with a lemon twist to it. I would get this again if they added it. Oh, wow. Look at the custard on the inside there. So, even if there's a lot of bread, you can just kind of scoop it out of the center and then uh keep on having custard fil bites. Now, we have made it to Mexico. And like I said, I want to get the creamy hazelnut chocolate fla. And this I think is a part of the uh garden graze. So we're one more step away from completing the prize. And they also have a lot of other good things here. Some uh conc carne and taco d calamari. A calamari taco. That sounds kind of fancy. I think I might stick to the fla business though. I was so mistaken. I saw the fla on the garden graze, but that was a coconut and chocolate fla over near Morocco. This is just a different chocolate fla. So, there's plenty of fla. So, I don't know if this counts uh for our garden grays, but I decided on getting it anyway. It looks pretty good, too. You know, I love a little fla and it gets a little uh milky here. I think they might add uh some caramel syrup. So, let's dive on in. Let's get to the fla business. Let me fla this right on up. Oh, look at that. That's a good bite. Wow, that actually is really, really good. I think I would love to try the coconut one over in Morocco more, but I'm glad that I got to try this. It's very chocolatey. And we're in Mexico. I came back because they have this awesome little floral walkway where you can see some of the amazing flowers uh you can find in Mexico. Look at it over here. Every single flowering garden season, I always love coming back here. And it's kind of quiet, too, because the flowers just look so beautiful. Look at these things down here. And also, look at the trees right here. This is what I want in my backyard. But I bet you it's really hard to take care of. Well, now that the fla business is taken care of, and it's very delicious, very rich in chocolate, I want to go see about those ribs. I think they have Coca-Cola ribs. And then start making our way kind of near the front of the park so that we can redeem our festival prize if we still get two more stamps cuz I don't think that one counted. And here it is, the troll and trellis. And they always have amazing ribs here. Like it's probably the thing I'm most excited to actually try. Oh yeah, look at this. Miso cola glazed sticky pork ribs. Oh, I wonder if that's like Coca-Cola or like some other cola that I don't know of topped with spicy pickled peppers and peanuts. And then they got a vegetable flatbread, another chocolate mousse, and some drinks here. But I'm all about the rib business. And they're cooking them on a grill right outside. And here are the ribs. I was talking about. And look, they're cooking them up right back there. They got a grill. It smells amazing here, actually. It smells so good. And it's awesome cuz you can watch the Montreal go by. And then I also got a dessert under there. I got the chocolate mousse, but it's holding up the ribs. So, we got to find a nice little spot and sit down and eat these. I'm pretty sure this was my favorite food of the festival last year. I just absolutely love the way these ribs look. Look at that. So much meat on there. So, let's dive on in. Oh, these actually might be my favorite thing of the festival again. Two years in a row. They are so delicious. I love how much meat you get on there and the flavoring of the sauce. These are just amazing. And I think I would get them all the time. Might be one of my all-time favorite foods of all the festivals. Not al not just a lone flower and garden. The ribs are nothing but bones. So, now I want to try the dessert. And look at this. They actually have a bunch of stuff in there. I wish they gave you like a fancy cup, though. Usually they have like special flower and garden cups. And I got a spoon in my hat. So, I'm ready to go. Let's dive on in. I want to get a little bit of everything in one bite. Even a flower. The chocolate is very delicious. And I like the little crunchy chocolate parts, too. But I'm not the biggest fan of matcha. So, I probably wouldn't get this again. I'll just stick to the ribs. I was trying to decide on what shirt I should wear today and I wanted to wear something like floral. So, I picked this one. This is a Roosevelt's original design. And any of the shirts I wear in my videos, if you like them, I have a collection page and a link in my description that lists all the shirts I wear in my videos. And you also get 15% off. And I just think it's fancy. I like the colors of it. I think it's a very nice flower and garden festival shirt. Now, we have made it to the Pineapple Prodown. And this is where you can come to redeem your festival prize if you complete the garden graze. But they also have a lot of really cool stuff. They got a frozen desert violet lemonade and then a pineapple float along with a spicy hot dog and a doe whip on top of the violet lemonade. We also ended up getting the uh redemption. Look at this. It's a garden grace cup that comes with a little doe whip in it. I was going to wait to, you know, cash in all of my stamps, but I wanted to at least show you. So, let's try the lemonade and then the doe whip. Oh, that is so good. That is a classic. Now, let's dive on in here. And like I said, this is what you get when you complete the garden graze. It's a little melty, but I'm excited to try it. And I love how they give you a nice little cup. I have so many of these flowering garden and just general festival cups. I've collected them over the years and my mom likes them. So, I'm going to take it home with me. And also, I really like the violet lemonade. I It's a hard time. I don't know why I can't say violet or violet. Violent violent lemonade. Now, just because we redeemed our garden grace doesn't mean I want to end the video. I just wanted to make sure I showed you so we don't backtrack. But I'm going to keep moving along. I'm going to take my lemonade, go wash out my cup, and uh go to another food stand and then MAYBE OVER TO THE BUTTERFLY TENT. And now we have a nice clean cup to take home with us. I was going to try a bunch of different uh food items so I can get the stamps, but I just cashed in the ones we have now cuz I want to at least show you the cup. And I don't know if I'll come back down this way. And earlier I was talking about how they have so many boots in this area. You got the honey beastro there. You got showcase uh swirls on the showcase. Then you've got the yacht and beach club or the yacht grub and the beach grub right over here. And also look at the goofy topiary. Wow, this is beautiful. How you doing, guy? Nice little crow there. And all the flowers, too. It's so cool. We kind of did a half a lap, but I want to start making my way back up to the front so I can show you the inside of Communicore Hall and maybe uh try some of the food stands up here. I don't know if we should go to the butterfly tent first or Communicore Hall. Actually, I think the butterfly tent closes early. I say let's just cut through Communicore Hall and see what they got going on in here. I love how they use this for all the different festival events. They have the merchandise in here. Oh, wow. Look at it. Wow, it looks actually really pretty in here. And they got a lot of topiaries in here. And I think some food stands, too. Look at this bee right here. That's kind of cool. This is uh I think Florida Fresh or Farmers Feast, either one. And uh they usually have asparagus and then a blueberry crumb cake, too. Oh, wow. They have so many flowers in this building. And it's kind of really nice to relax in here, too. Get out of the heat. While we're in here, we might as well look at some of the merchandise. They've got some passholder exclusive merch, like this shirt right here. I don't know if there's anything on THE BACK. OH, WOW. LOOK AT THAT. That's cool. And I think it's uh $36.99. Oh, and then they also have this. Wow. Is this for passholders, too? It is. Wow. $39.99. That's not a bad deal. And then they also got like non-P passholder stuff over here. A lot of Spike the Bee items, including these bags here. Look at this. Spike the Bee. Oh, wow. Is this like a shoulder pal? Oh, yeah. I think it is. It's a magnet. That's cool. And you put them on, he just hangs out with you. There's seriously a lot of good merchandise this year. Wow. Take a look at all the merchandise here. Spirit jerseys, sun and fun for everyone. And then they even have little trash cans and ornaments, too. Flower and garden 2026. My mom would want to get that. She loves dated merchandise. Oh, and then this down here looks pretty fancy, too. I don't know what it is, but I'm afraid of dropping it. I don't know how much it is. Looks like it's uh $24.99 for the Dole Whipped coffee mug. There's nothing new on the menu for Farmer's Feast at the moment, but this is a limited time menu. This is the early bloom menu, and then they're going to change it April 5th. Like I said, I think I tried all of this last year, even that blueberry crumb cake. But they're going to switch out the menu and it'll be something different after April 5th. Now, I think we're going to make our way over to the butterfly tent. But I'm glad we went in there. Let's just take a quick peek seeing again. Hi. >> Hey, how you doing? >> Hey, how you doing? Well, now I think we're going to make our way to the butterfly tent. It's an enclosure with a bunch of butterflies in it. And if you're lucky enough, one might land on you. And then right next door they have the nectar booth which is new this year and living with the land. So we might ride the land, eat some food, and maybe get touched by a butterfly. OH, WHO WOULDN'T WANT THAT? And here it is, the butterfly landing. But I'm not too sure how many butterflies are in here because uh today's the first day, so I'm sure they've got to hatch out of their cocoons. And I like how they have these little beads here cuz this uh makes sure the butterflies stay in. Oh, I like that. I'm not seeing a lot of butterflies flying around in here yet. But you can see there's definitely a lot of uh butterfly cocoons in there. I think that's what they call them. And these ones haven't hatched. These are all fresh. So that means there's little butterflies inside them, but they have ones that are hatched. You can look up in the top. Sometimes the butterflies float up there, but I really haven't seen many of them. Oh yeah, right over here. This one has a lot of uh already hatched butterflies. And you can see the difference there. Wow. Isn't that kind of crazy? Sadly, we weren't able to get touched by a butterfly on this trip. But we'll come back once a lot more butterflies hatch. And now I want to show you Nectar, the new booth this year, and then maybe get some strawberry shortcake. Here is the new food booth, Nectar. But I was looking at the menu. I'm not too sure anything I kind of feel like I want to eat right now. I'm feeling a little full after all of the snacks we had. But these two are things you could have used for the garden graze. We already ended up uh collecting our uh prize already, so I don't need to get them. And there's a couple of pictures of the items here. The coconut panacotta looks pretty fancy. And also the frozen uh island escape. Oh, it comes with an ice popsicle inside of it. That's kind of fancy. And here it is, the Florida Fresh Stand. And this is where they sell the strawberry shortcake. They have a nice little entertainment plaza over there. And then they also have con fritters and black and fish sliders. But I'm only about the shortcake business today. And here it is. The Florida strawberry shortcake. And look who I found. Jackie super enthused. And it's her birthday. Woohoo. >> Happy birthday. Hope you're having a great day. We figured we'd share it. It looks really good. Like I said, I've had it before. And uh you got to have a nice little strawberry shortcake. All right, >> here we go. Ooh. >> A little bit of everything in one bite. >> A little bit of this, a little bit of >> fresh. Tastes like Florida. >> Tastes like Florida. >> Honestly, it's a pretty good strawberry shortcake. I mean, I don't think I've ever had any shortcake that wasn't good. It's just all about preference. Whether you like angel food, pound cake, biscuit. This one I think is the angel food, but I liked it. And I'm glad I got to share a little strawberry shortcake with Super Enused. >> Would you want to go ride the land maybe? >> Yes, absolutely. I'll never say no to that. >> Yeah, I feel like you have to ride Living with the Land during Flowering Garden Festival. And it's only a 10-minute wait. And I don't know if they do anything special. I'm sure they have some signs and some flowers, so I guess it's on theme. Hi, guys. Before we make our way into the land, I wanted to show you some more topiaries. Look, you got Huey, Dewey, and Louie. I almost wanted to say Stewie. Huey, Dewey, and Stewie. And like I said, 10 minutes for living with the land on opening day of Flower and Garden Festival. You can't go wrong with that. I wish I can get something to eat from in here because they do have flower and garden food items, but I think Seasons closes early. Sadly, like I said, it looks like Seasons is closed down for the day, but 10 minutes. Look at that. And there's honestly nobody in line. It might be less than 10 minutes. Oh, look at that. Lucky front row. You ready to live with the land, Jackie? You see the orange? >> Wow, it's a nice little sunset happening here in the land. >> US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce powerful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. >> I don't know why they wouldn't decorate this for flower and garden. >> I thought they did it first, but I'm not sure. >> Yeah, I thought I saw some setups, but it doesn't look like there's any flowering garden, but there is a Buddha hand right here. Look at that thing. >> Oh, that does look like a hand. You see? >> I've never seen that before. It's next to the prickly pear cactus. Wow. Oh, these are all new plants, actually. Oh, and this looks like a honey station here with a little foen. Maybe they did add something. I don't know. Well, I'm glad we rode Living with the Land. Like I said, it's kind of like a flower and garden tradition. And I'm glad I rode with Jackie. Super enthused cuz that's another tradition. Her birthday is close to Flower and Garden Festival every single year. So, we always get to hang out and uh celebrate her birthday. Now, I think I might want to start making my way to the front of the park so we can get home and check on Little Gracie Grill. I feel like I could have done a lot more today, but I've been kind of just relaxing, enjoying the atmosphere, talking to people. There were so many amazing people wearing my shirts today. Like, I get so excited. I wish I could show you all of them, but it's like hard like sometimes I catch it when I'm passing them and I was filming anyways. But if you wore a shirt or if you watched the videos and came up and said hi today, I just want to say thank you so much. And uh now, like I said, let's go check out little Gracie girl. Before we make our way out, I wanted to show you my favorite topiaries of the festival. And it's got to be the ones at the front, the flower. I mean, the Toy Story ones. Look at this Lo right here. And then right at the main entrance, I wanted to show you before, they have Woody and Buzz over here. And I think that's so cool, especially because you got Toy Story 5 coming out. Oh, Ambo Pete there. I love Toy Story. And I'm excited to see the new movie itself. Oh, look at that. Oh, and you got Buzz Lightyear over there. I like how it's all lit up, too. That's awesome. I feel like the topiaries are better at night, actually, compared to seeing them during the day. Oh, there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, what are you doing? What are you doing? Wow, look at you. You got so much energy, don't you? Look at you. What did you guys should YOU SHOW YOUR ROOM? LOOK AT THAT. Come here. WOW. PARKOUR, PARKOUR, PARKOUR. And with that, I think we are done here today. Graciey's all hyped up. She's ready to go. Look at her. She was jumping around parkour, running into her little house. The door being off made such a big difference. And she likes her bed in there. Now she hangs out all the time. But overall, I had a great time at Flower Garden Festival. I really think if I were to say my top three things to eat probably would be the ribs. They were fantastic. The fruit over in China, I thought that was amazing. I love just the crunch of the strawberry. It just was so delicious. And then I don't know. I would say it's a tossup between the French toast and the beignes. But we still have a lot to actually show you. You'll definitely be seeing a flower and garden part two from me today. It was more or less kind of a little busy cuz it's opening day and there was so many people there and it was awesome talking and just getting to know so many people that watched the videos. It was really, really cool. So, thank you to everyone that said hello and uh I can't wait to show you more festivals to come and more flower and garden. So, I hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. Now, we got to give Gracie a little treat. So, see you next time. Bye. She really loves these uh sorted mut cookie trios. They look so good and they smell good, too. I think this one's peanut butter. You want a mut? Oh. Ready? No. OH, NO. GET IT. YOU GET IT. There you go. Nothing like seeing a dog eat a sweet
