---
video_id: FowsF-z_r8g
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "EPCOT Festival of the Arts 2026 | The BEST Food, Art & Colorful Cuisine | Full Guide: Disney World"
published: 2026-01-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FowsF-z_r8g
---
Hey friends, today we are going to the Epcot International Festival of the Arts 2026 and I am so excited. This festival has so much to offer and I want to take you around and show you everything. We're going to eat all the fancy colorful food, look at some amazing artwork, and have a beautiful Festival of the Arts kind of day. Anyhoos, let's go do this. It's a cold, chilly day here in Florida. Temperatures are in the low 30s and I'm excited to show you everything the festival has to offer and it's a lot more than just art. I mean there's music artists, there's food artists, there's street artists and it's really amazing all the things that you can do during the festival. So I think we're going to start the day by heading on in and making our way around World Showcase. I had a fancy colorful Roosevelt shirt I was going to wear for the festival today, but when I woke up and realized how cold it was, I had to put a hoodie on. And I can't believe Florida actually had an issue like a freeze advisory because Floridaians aren't used to temperatures in the 30s. But one of my favorite things about the Festival of the Arts is the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. It's where you go around and you try different colorful artsy food and you collect stamps. And if you get all of the stamps, you get a prize at the end. So, I definitely want to do that. And also, look at all of the beautiful art for sale. There's so many great artists selling their original artwork here. And some of it is just so amazing. So, it's going to be a fun day and I can't wait to eat some colorful artsy food. Here is a look at the handy dandy festival passport. And this has all the information you need to know. One of the cool things I think about the festival is the Disney on Broadway concert series. They actually have professional Broadway performers come and perform throughout the festival. Look, even Josh Strickland's going to be here. And then this is the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine that I was talking about. And all you have to do is buy any of these five food items. And you can buy the same one if you just want to complete it quick. But I like going around and trying five different ones. And if you buy five, you get a completer stamp at the end and you get a free festival treat. So, I think we're going to start by uh getting ourselves some stamps. I think our first stop of the festival is going to be the Figment Inspiration Station at the Odyssey because they have two things in there that go for the uh wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. I'm going to slip up on that eventually and it's really cool in there. They have tons of Figment Easter eggs and all the food is just so colorful, vibrant, and I love it. So, it's a good first stop. And here it is, Figment's Inspiration Station. It's very busy in here, actually, because they have the Figment popcorn bucket along with all the cool food. Wow, look at the lines. Holy moly. And like I said, inside they actually have a lot of really cool Figment Easter eggs and a nice place to grab some, you know, AC or today maybe heat. And that's where they actually uh have all the Figment popcorn buckets. That's a separate line than the food. This is all for the food right here. And it's like two sides, so it's pretty big. At first, I thought, "Oh, well, at least you can mobile order the popcorn bucket and then you don't have to wait in line." But that's the line for the mobile order for the popcorn bucket. So, it's still a very long line. And honestly, at least it's indoors because you have plenty of spots. Oh my lord. WO, GUYS. OH, I LOVE THE SHIRT. WOW. VERY FANCY. I'm bald. Holy moly. What do you think about this? I think it's amazing. Thank you. How awesome was that? a whole entire family wearing my shirts. And the baby had a onesie on that said, "I'm bald." Because the baby was bald. We took so many great photos. And I love the inside of the Figment Inspiration Station. We got a lot of good food. So now we're going to go try some of it. And take a look at this array of vibrant food. All of this came from Figment's inspiration station at the Odyssey. And uh these two actually count towards the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. And we have the uh color scheme cake, a fruit flavored rainbow hued cake topped with Skittles and fries dried candy. And then we have Figm's fantasy cake, which is a sponge cake filled with strawberry whipped cream topped with white chocolate ganache, orange icing, and white chocolate figment wings. And then finally, we've got the popcorn. Popcorn chicken and waffles. Look at this. It actually has rainbow popcorn inside there along with the popcorn chicken and some maple and mini mozzarella all mixed in there. Isn't that kind of cool? So, might as well dive on in. Let's get to the uh fruity uh colorful art business. It's funny because I was telling you before you have to collect stamps, but I don't think the Figment Inspiration Station got their stamper yet because they actually just wrote it in there. Look at that. I don't know if you can see it. It says Figment Station Popcorn KM. And then Figment Station Color Cake KM. So, oh wait, maybe this is actually on the popcorn that Yeah. So, this is a part of the Wonderful Walk of Colorful Cuisine, not the Figma cake. So, uh, might as well start with this one, though. And like I said, it has like little maple syrup drizzle on top of the chicken itself. And I want to grab maybe a little popcorn kernel. I'm reaching down in there cuz I like the way that you can eat it like this. It's very handy. Get it? So, uh, here we go. Our first bite of the fest. I mean, I really love bubble waffles. And the chicken is really good. Like chicken bites. I like the maple syrup drizzle and having that like crunchy popcorn texture mixed in there. It's a really cool play. You know, popcorn, chicken, and popcorn together. I like it a lot. And compared to the other food, I feel like this is a lot, especially for the price you pay. Oh, wait a second. This waffle doesn't go all the way down. Oh, look at that. They only give you a h I thought it was all the way down inside there. But at least I got a couple more pieces of chicken I can snack on. Now I want to try the uh sponge cake. Look at this. Oh man, I like freeze-dried candy. I kind of like the sour ones, too. So, making a little Skittles cake. I mean, it's the perfect candy for a festival all about color, you know. I guess you can say it adds a new meaning to taste the rainbow. So, let's uh break on into this uh sponge cake. Oh, it's a little spongy. I thought it was going to cut a little bit easier than that. And I like I like the orange uh icing, too. Let me get a little Skittle on there. Gotta get a Skittle on the bite. I know that some of these aren't new this year, but I feel like they changed them definitely a little bit. Like I don't remember having all the different combination of flavors, especially the strawberry with the figment cake. So, here we go. Hopefully it tastes nice and spongy. Oh, it does. Very, very sweet. Wow. Kind of reminds me of like rainbow sorbet. Sorbet. Sir, I'll let you know which one I like more at the end. But now I want to move along to the Figma cake. And like I said, there's so many like different types of flavors in here. Everything from the icing to the strawberry combo to the cake itself. So, uh, might as well get a little bit of everything in one bite except for the wings. Oh boy, I just made a mess almost. There we go. Got to get some of that strawberry in there. That seems like a good bite. And like I said, this Figma cake isn't on the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. I just wanted to show you guys a little bit from every single food uh station or I think that's what they call them like a food like an art station. And you know how they have different names for the different kiosk uh depending on the festival. But uh here we go. A little Figment inspiration cake. Ooh, I think I can already tell you I like this one way better than the other cake, like the uh color scheme one because that one is way sweeter. This actually has like a nice cake test uh texture to it. Overall, everything is really fun to eat and I'm very visually stimulated by all of it. But if I'd have to pick one, it would be the Figment Cake. I absolutely love this compared to the other two. I mean, the chicken and waffles is just a really cool play on words and it's actually, you know, tasty. But if you want like a unique flavor, I definitely go with the figment. And sadly, I don't think, like I said, that's a part of the wonderful Walk of Colorful Cuisine. I could be wrong. I'll have to look it up. We'll find out when we go to our next booth if they actually have stamps this year or if they're just writing it in. I mean, I don't know. This is only our first stop, but I thought it was funny. I don't know if you got a real good look at it before, but that's what they wrote there. And I did double check. Figment is not included in the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. So, now I think we're going to make our way to our next stop. Maybe the deconstructed dish. This is where they basically deconstruct food. And for you to eat it, you have to put it back together. It's very artsy. And they have something that's on our little walk here. So, that might be a good start. And of course, you guys know if we were in the Figment Inspiration Station, we had to pick up the Figment popcorn bucket. And I love this year's popcorn bucket. It's cool because it added a bunch of awesome features. In the back is where you put the popcorn. And they got the colorful popcorn in there. And then you can seal it up. And then look at this paintbrush. It comes off actually. And it lights up. You can see it's lighting up red there. Well, I don't know how well you can see it cuz it's a little bit bright here, but I think that's so cool. And you just press the button to change all the different colors. Isn't that awesome? Very nice addition. And we mobile ordered it, so we were just able to show up. And the line only took about 20 minutes, but still 20 minutes for something that you kind of already mobile ordered and reserved a time slot for. It's just a popularity thing. Figment popcorn buckets, as you know, probably the most popular thing of the festival. AND WE GOT ONE. I do suggest if you want to get one of the Figment popcorn buckets because in the past they have definitely sold out fast. But I think later on the festival there's still going to be a lot available. But wait till the end of the day because it's pretty bulky to carry around. I mean you can use the little neck strap there but it's still pretty bulky. I kind of feel like a parent carrying their child just walking around Epcot like this. And you know what? walking around bumping into people. Maybe that's why they don't carry it like that. I can only imagine if there was just a bunch of people bumping up figments together. Hey, how are you? Who? And here it is, the deconstructed dish. This is a festival favorite every year. And they usually sell a special deconstructed key lime pie. This year they're doing it a different way. So, I'm excited. And it's included in, like I said, the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. They also have a deconstructed strawberry mint jeulip and a deconstructed BLT. But we're all about that key lime pie. And look at this waffle cone triangles. That's kind of new and fancy. Take a look at the deconstructed key lime pie. It looks like an egg. It's honestly so fascinating. It's like you're eating chips and dip but with waffle triangles and key lime pie. I'm excited for this. And then also I ended up getting the deconstructed uh strawberry mint jeulip and you just like squirt all the flavoring into the ice there. So like I said before, you have to kind of construct it before you eat it. So uh let's dive on in. This is like really really impressive. Completely different from the years past. I don't even think I need a fork to eat this because you can just like scoop it. Eat it like chips and dip. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to do a little dippity dip dippity dip. Oh wow. Oh, don't break it. Look at this pole. Look at Look at this key lime pole. Oh man, I kind of love this. Ooh, this is actually very delicious. I love the key lime. I love the little waffle triangle. And I don't know if those are graham cracker crumbs in there, uh, or if they're waffle triangle crumbs, but overall, this is such a great dish. And like the whole family can snack on it cuz like I said, it's kind of like chips and dip. And it's like an appetizer, so you can just scoopsy right on in there. This though down here, the meringue is very, very sticky. That's the stuff that's pulling. I thought it was marshmallow at first or something like that cuz it has like that melted marshmallow consistency, but this is, like I said, I think this is a winner and it's just fun to eat. And don't skip out on this because, you know, a lot of people are like, "Oh, the deconstructed key lime pie. I've had it before." But as I was walking around, people are like, "What is that?" And I tell them and they're like, "Oh, wow. They changed it." So, a lot of people don't know about this. And then you can kind of like snack on it and then pair it with your uh deconstructed dish uh strawberry mint jewel. They actually give you uh a collectible uh cup there. Look at that. So uh cheers. It's not coming out. Oh, I guess you can say I'm not really good at deconstructing. Holy moly, that shot all over the place. I don't know what was going on. I was giving it some good push. There we go. Now it's deconstructing. Figured that would happen. Even though I'm wearing half of it on me. This is very delicious. I'm a big mint jeulip guy. I like the classic one though. I don't like too much like sweetness in there. And adding the strawberry is kind of an overkill for me. But the best part is is you can control how much you want to put in here by just like putting less or more in there. But you just got to be careful. Don't be like me. Either way, I like the deconstructed dish this year. Both of these are a winner for me. And now we have our next little uh uh stamp. And they don't have a stamp at that one either. They actually wrote in it. Isn't that funny? Like I noticed I was like, "Oh, so they're definitely doing it." Look it. She wrote right here. It says uh key lime pie. And she did with a highlighter and she put a little Mickey on there. That's kind of festive. So, now uh let's keep moving along and uh go wash our hands. Since our first two stops, the deconstructed dish and Figments inspiration station were at the front of World Showcase. I think we're just going to start making our way this way because I want to hit up Mexico. And then in this area, there's a bunch of really cool artists and different entertainment and even some boots where we can get uh more food for the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. And as we're strolling along, we're just going to stop and check out all the different cool artist boots. This one is David E. Doss, and it's really cool because there's a lot of like vintage ties to it. Look at this kind of flowering garden getting ready. Look at the old school Epcot logo there. And they even have one over here that is kind of like Magic Kingdom but with the Montreal and Beach. It's a little bit of everything. And we'll see a couple more of these. There's a lot of artists here. And uh they have all of their artwork on display. And you can even just buy prints, too. I do have to say it is super busy here for the first day of the Festival of the Arts. And I'm not even sure how much we're going to get done. I definitely want to complete the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine and show some of the art, but this might be a two-parter. We might have to come back another day just to show you the other side of world showcase. Another really cool thing you can do at the Festival of Arts is take a bunch of photos with art backdrops. Like they literally have like iconic pieces of art or just cool Disney art that you can go in and uh take a photo with. and they have photo pass photographers set up. And then they also have chalk art. So like people come out and they uh make a bunch of like really cool art designs with chalk. I don't see anything on this side. It might be over here. Or they might wait because it's been so cold out that uh maybe they're thinking there's might be some uh rain. Oh no, I see some chalk art. I see something over here. And sometimes they have really cool illusions to them too. like uh if you step on it a certain way. Oh yeah, right here I see Stitch. Look at that. Wild. Oh, look at the figment. And this holds up pretty well, too. This one's starting to fade away a little bit. You can see it here. Oh, they're actually actively doing it over here. That is cool. Honestly, I got to chalk it up to them. This is pretty amazing. I just noticed that that photo opportunity with Mickey and Minnie is actually a Lauraana card and they're actually doing a hideand seek like scavenger hunt Laura Kana activity during the Festival of the Arts and you can win a special card. Now they have a free version and then a paid version and basically you just go around trying to find gigantic Lauraana cards. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that today, but I think that's a fun little adventure, especially for anyone that's into the game itself. And trading cards has become such a popular thing again. I mean, just look at Pokemon. If I had the cards that I had when I was younger, I'm telling you what, I'd probably be a millionaire now. Just take a look at some of these crowds as we make our way to the next food booth. And it's basically lined with a whole bunch of really cool art like I mentioned. Oh, somebody's wearing my shirt over there, too. Look it. I can see it. I love when I spot people in the parks wearing my shirt. We got to sneak in and say hi. I'm coming around. We're doing a sneak up. Dude, nice shirt. I love it, man. I've seen so many people wear my shirts today, and I just got to say thank you so much. I feel so honored and fancy. I even have like an artsy shirt, like my own paging Mr. Maro Festival of the Arts shirt, but uh like I said, it's too cold to wear today. So, here I'm all bundled up. Bundled up in a hoodie. And like I was saying before, this is the shirt that I was talking about. I was going to wear this today. It's the perfect festival of the art shirt. I know. But how are you not freezing right now? Cuz I'm from Ohio. Oh, that's right. I lost that. I lost the Pennsylvania blood a long time ago. Yeah, this is not bad. I think it's like 12° home in Ohio, so I'll Oh, wow. Take this. Yeah, I'm sure you will. Well, thank you, man. Yes. Check them out. J5 Studios. Look at me and Gracie right here. This one's fantastic. right on your nipple. Yo, it's so amazing that J5 walked up with the shirt that I literally was just talking about. That's me and Gracie in all different art poses, and that's the one I was going to wear today. But I'm glad I got to show you. And like I said, it's just so amazing to run into people in the parks wearing like pictures of my dog. Like that's the thing I'm probably more excited about. Not me on the shirt, but Gracie on the shirt. It's just so cool. So, now I'm going to try to uh show you this uh food stand one more time. I'm going to say if I I'm going to try to say and pronounce it right, but I don't know if it's going to work. We made it to our next stop, and this is the fictional Victorials. Wow. I don't know how to read. But they do have something for the colorful wacu COLORFUL CUISINE. OH, WOW. HOLY MOLY. I WAS JUST STUMBLING OVER THE WONDERFUL wac of colorful cuisine. And look at this. TWO MORE SHIRTS. YO, THANK YOU GUYS. GUYS, I'm so honored. And the fictional victorials, I think I did it good on that one. Actually, is unique because it's broken up by chapters. Chapter one is beach oysters. Chapter 2, a plate of impossible bites. And then chapter three is tea treat, which is a Twinning Earl Grey chocolate pot with lemon matteline and raspberry jam and tea biscuit crumble. And you know, I just like skipping ahead. So, I think we're going to jump right to chapter three. But here is a much better look at the actual dessert itself. This is chapter 3 right here. And uh it's cool. It kind of reminds me of a deconstructed dish. And I don't know, like it's not that expensive, but I think for the price you would get a whole cup, not a half a cup. And uh I'm going to just uh take a little bit and you know, build a bite because I don't think it's possible to get it all with one spoon. So I got to build it. I got to build a bite. I'm just sitting here with my cup half full. My cup half full. And like I said, I'm going to take a little bit from here, a little bit from here. Take a little bit of that. And a little bit of that. There we go. I know it's not a lot, but it's everything in there. So, cheers. I love all of the different flavors. And it's definitely one of those things that you just like have fun eating. Like that's the best part about Feso the Arts. All the food looks so colorful and they always got something going on. So, it's kind of like an experience and an adventure all in a bite. An experience and adventure in one bite. That sounds cool. Now that we got to try the chapter 3 like the traditional way with this spoon. I've been waiting to do this and I kind of want to, you know, take a little bite out of the cup just like Willy Wonka. So, cheers. Cheers to uh chapter 3. Here is a look at the menu at Mexico. They've got some nice tacos along with some pretty amazing uh margaritas. Oh, they actually have a pear one. It's perfect. A PERFECT MARGARITA. BUT THEY ALSO have the art rig of Dom Corona's uh uh margarita. But I think that's in Laaba. So I definitely want to try that and maybe we'll grab something from here. All of the food in Mexico looks good, but I think I need to take a break from food and just stick to the the drinks itself. So, I got the Argorita. This is Dom Corona's drink that they serve at Lacava during the Festival of the Arts. And he is a Disney fine artist. He has a booth here and you can buy some of his uh artwork and you can buy his drink. So, if you go to Laaba, all you got to do is say uh Dom sent me and uh cheers. Cheers to our first drink. This is the uh first alcoholic drink because the uh strawberry mint jeulip. I got that with no alcohol, but you can get it if you want. And I'm excited. I always love his drinks. And this is kind of fancy. It's fitting for the Festival of the Arts. So, cheers. Ooh, I got a mustache. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. I got excited about the mustache, but then realized THERE'S THERE'S SOME A PRETTY GOOD AMOUNT OF TEQUILA IN THERE. The first sip, you taste that matcha and then the cream foam and then you can taste the tequila. And I like that cuz you know, usually people take a sample sip first and then you're like, "Oh, it's not bad." And then you take a bigger sip and then you're like, "Oh, wait a second." But I'm glad we got to try it. And now we're going to keep moving along. We got to finish up the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. the wonderful walk. Speaking of Dom Corona, this is his booth right here. And he's actually coming out doing meet and greets. Look at that. That's our friend Dom. And there is some of the artwork on the back wall along with this Figment piece right here, which I think is awesome. And he is such a talented artist along with all of the artists here. It's all amazing. And like there's a couple of really cool spots that I want to show you as we move along. But like if you love Disney and you love art, this is probably the perfect festival for you. Now that we got to try the Artarita, I want to go and get the next stamp in our book. And they actually have one here at Deco Delights. They have a sparkling spectacular. I think it's a bunch of different uh champagne. Oh, no. It's a vanilla bean mousse with golden caramel center and apricot jam. Why did I think this was champagne? But this counts as uh one of the wonderful walks of colorful cuisine. So, we're going to we're going to add it to our list. I think we can add this to the list of things I probably mispronounced today, but it's the sparkling spectacle gate. Got I I'm not too sure, but it's vanilla bean mousse with golden caramel center and apricot jam on a hazelnut cookie. Look at this thing. It looks so wobbly and fancy. And I love all the sweet treats we've been trying. So, let's dive on in. Let's get to the gate business. Maybe that's how you do pronounce it. And I heard that there's popcorn in the center. I don't know if that's true or Oh, look at this. Let me open her up for you. Oh, look at that. All that caramel. Okay, I feel like this is going to be delicious. Okay, there we go. And this is a part of the wonderful Waca colorful cuisine. It honestly tastes just like caramel popcorn with a little vanilla twist to it. It's kind of like a a fla texture up top, but the cookie on the bottom. Look at that in there. That is so delicious. I'm really happy we stopped and got this. Like I said, I don't try to get one of each item just to complete it, but I want to go on. I I want to go around. I want to try all the different flavors. And with this purchase, that puts us at just one more away before we can go and redeem our uh completer treat. And I got the perfect place to go get our last uh little stamp for the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. I purposely keep on saying that cuz I want to see if I'm going to mess it up real bad. And it's definitely possible they're not doing stamps this year because all of my books have initials and a little highlighter. But take a look at that. And this one was just like a weird check mark. But one more to go and we can say we completed it. And take a look at this. The PMM flannel. I know. It's the perfect weather for it. Honestly, I think I seen every single one of my shirts here today. Disney kind of life. Make sure you guys check them out. I feel so honored. Doesn't it have a PMM on here or something? Right here on this side. Where is it? This one. I know it's somewhere. Oh, yeah. On the side there. PMM flannel. Thanks, dude. Hey, only two times a year can I wear this flannel. You got to get it in. That's why I'm wearing the hoodie. I was like, "Wow, never get to wear a hoodie in Epcot." I got to tell you though, got to get Niner color plan. Yes, we do. I'll be all about that. Go Niners. Go Niners. Wow. I really didn't make it far into World Showcase at all. In fact, I think the farthest we made on both sides is Mexico and Canada. But I need to backtrack now because we have to go and get our last uh stamp for the wonderful Walk of Colorful Cuisine. And then the redemption spot is up here too. Uh so uh might as well start making our way back. One of the most popular stands for the Festival of the Arts is the Pop Eats one because everyone loves coming to get the grilled cheese. It has an amazing presentation to it. But look at how long the line is. It is so busy here today. And this is the uh Pop Eats right here, the menu itself, the grilled cheese with tomato soup, and you can get it with ham and guri guri. But it's really cool because it comes with a little tomato can. But I don't want to wait in that long line. In fact, I think uh our next stop is uh actually right over on this side. It's the uh special ice cream that they have. I think it's uh the I don't know. It's like a freeze-dried one. It's a fancy ice cream. That's all I know. And I'm here for fancy ice cream. Oh, well, I just found out the fancy ice cream. It's like a figment inspiration ice cream cone and it's on the swirled showcase here, but that's not a part of the colorful walk of colorful. I knew I was going to mess it up soon, but uh that's not a part of it. Instead, they have a liquid nitrogen mini cake pop. A liquid nitrogen mini cake pop. That's kind of cool. I don't think I've ever had like a cake pop like that before. So, we're going to get that and then that will complete our uh wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. Wow. This is it. The final stamp. You're our final stamp for the day. We complete it. Look at that. We did it. I know. It actually looks better this way. A little personalization. I like that. I do. Well, just take a look at this. Here it is. the liquid nitrogen uh mini cake pop. And I wonder what the flavor is inside cuz it looks like it's a blue cake pop. It's blue in there and I'm excited. We did it. I didn't think we were going to finish today. Like I said, it has been super busy and I'm lucky that my buddy Sean's with me because he's been helping me out getting in the lines and stuff because the lines have been super super long. I'll tell you one thing about Festival of the Arts. It's the newest festival. So, like this one uh just came out. I'm not even sure. I think this maybe might be like the seventh or eighth year. And I think it has the least amount of food stands themselves. So, it means that a lot of people will be waiting in the lines uh for the food stands because those are the only ones they got. So, uh let's enjoy our last uh wonderful walk of colorful cuisine uh complete treat here. So, cheers. Ears first. Oh, this honestly might be my favorite thing we've tried today. I absolutely love the consistency of the cake. I don't even like cotton candy that much, but it doesn't have like a a super super cotton candy taste, which I think is really, really special. I'm so glad we tried this. I would definitely get it again. The next time I come, I'm just going to get it so I can taste it again. I don't want to leave Minnie with just one ear. So, might as well finish the job. I know. Oh, is this what the prize is? Wow. We did it. We completed the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. Thank you. Look at how fancy this is. A Figment Rice Krispie treat. This is actually really cool. Last, well, no, uh, for festival the holidays, they gave out a spatula and this year we got a nice little sweet treat. I don't think I need to eat this right now. I think we had enough sweet treats. But I'm going to put it in my pocket and save it for later. And now I want to keep moving along cuz there's still some artsy things I want to show you. Another really cool thing they do for the Festival of the Arts is the paint by number mural and everyone can come and participate in this. It's open from 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. And you just come and they give you a number and they give you a color and you uh just fill in uh the numbers. Look, you can see one here, four 13. And when this is done, it's going to look so beautiful. Usually, they have something that uh shows you what the finished product is. But it's so cool that you can, you know, paint a little bit and be a part of Festival of the Arts itself. And it's pretty massive. Look at this. Right now, it's closed already, so we can't partake in the painting, but at least I got to show you. I'll definitely partake in the paint by number the next time we come back out for the Festival of the Arts. And even if that one fills up, they actually do a different mural like throughout the whole festival. They keep changing it out whenever it's completed. So, you'll always come and be able to do it. Now, I want to make my way into Once Upon a Stage. It's like a nice little uh Disney Broadway exhibit with some of the costumes and they even have food in there, too. And it's all inside the Communicore Hall. They did this last year, and I thought it was really cool. A nice way to utilize the space itself. Oh wow, look at it in here. I can see Sven. Look at this. And Kristoff. These are some of the uh like puppets and uh costumes from Disney on Broadway or just Disney Broadway. That's kind of cool. The whole area is really nice. Wow. They have photo opportunities with Aladdin's uh well genie's lamp and uh they have oh all of the uh Broadway concert series up on the wall here. Wow, it is so big in here. A lot from the Lion King, too. I like how they made this like all separate off. And I think there's a little food section on the other end here. It's not too busy either. So, we really got lucky with this. Oh, wow. What's up there? Sorry, I get excited. I want to look at everything. Oh, I see shadow puppets. Oh, you pressed them. Sorry, I got excited. What about it? Wow. A hyena. Did I press it? Oh, there it goes. Do it again. Say his name again. Mufasa. Mufasa. Mufasa. And then they have the lioness here. Oh, that's kind of cool. Look at that. A little interactiveness. Honestly, that's a really good exhibit. What the heck is that? A gigantic smoking genie lamp. Look at Genie's lamp up there. It Yeah. I wonder if it just constantly like uh smokes like that. Wow, that's awesome. I don't know what you got to do to actually get the smoke to come out. You got to rub it a little bit and then you get three wishes. I guess I'm not l Oh, it did work. It's starting to come out a little bit. Look at that. No genie though. Enough of the genie lamp business. Now I think it's time to start making our way home. Got to check on little Gracie girl. Like I said, I feel like we could have done a lot more today if it wasn't so crowded. So, we're definitely going to come back for day two of Festival of the Arts. And there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, what are you doing? You just hanging out with the Disney Destiny blanket. And with that, I think we are done here today. Like I said, it was super busy at the Festival of the Arts and cold, so I wasn't really able to get as much done as I wanted to, but there's always uh room to make a part two. And like I said, I just like going to hang out and checking out all the cool art. And there's a lot more art I really want to show you. And I also want to watch some of the Broadway shows. Maybe go back for Josh Strickland. But uh overall, I had a great day and it was a lot of fun trying all the food and always amazing to see anyone out and about wearing one of my shirts. So, thank you guys so much and I hope you enjoyed the video because I enjoyed making it. And uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
