---
video_id: P0XiDwxB4f4
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Magic Cruise 2026 | 5-Night Cruise to Mexico & Marvel Day At Sea | Disney Cruise Line"
published: 2026-02-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0XiDwxB4f4
---
Hey friends, today we are going on the Disney Magic and I am so excited. This is the very first Disney cruise ship ever made and I want to make a video and share my full cruise experience with all of you. We have five nights in the Western Caribbean with two stops in Mexico. And this is going to be my first time in Mexico. So, we're going to eat some food, explore the ship, and have a beautiful Disney magic kind of week. Anywho, let's go do this. And there she is, the Disney Magic, the very first Disney Cruise Line ship. And I am so excited to share my whole cruise experience with all of you. Disney invited me out so that I can make a video. And I want to make it one long video and show you all five days, all the rotational dining, and a couple of amazing port adventures. And the best part is I got my friends with me. This is my fourth Disney cruise. And I've only done the newer cruise line ships, the Destiny, Treasure, and Wish. And now I get to do the original one. And I'm so excited. And I love the rotational dining here. You have Animators Pallet and then Lumiere's and the Rapunzel dinner show, but we're also going to be dining at Paulo and we have a Marvel day at sea. So, we're going to be able to see tons of Marvel characters, Marvel fireworks, and it's going to be amazing. And this is my first time sailing out of Gabston. So, we're going to Mexico. We have one stop in Kazumel and then uh Progresso. And both places we have port adventures actually scheduled. We're going to go to Kuza Beach in Kazamel and then we're going to chicken it in Progresso. And that is one of the seven wonders of the world and the inspiration for the Mexico pavilion in World Showcase. So, I am so excited. I have an amazing lineup and schedule. I got my friends with me and it's time to board the ship. Oh, our first steps on to the ship. >> Good morning. >> Disney. Please welcome Le. >> Woo. [cheering] Thank you. >> Oh, wow. Look at Mickey. And then Minnie's up there. Wow. I gotta say, I'm already very excited for this. We're on the magic. The Grand Hall is a lot smaller than the other cruise ships that I've been on, but I think it's a little bit more elegant. I love the statue of Mickey, and I just want to hang out here, see all the excited guests get aboard. I get such a good feeling walking onto a cruise ship for the first time when they announce you and, you know, welcome you aboard. I think that's so wholesome. And now I think we're going to go up and put our stuff in the room, get all settled in. I want to give you a room tour. And don't worry, we're going to explore all of the ship. We got 5 days to do it. And I just want to take you day by day, show you all the restaurants, all the lounges, all the snacks, all the Disney magic. And here is our room for the cruise. This is a standard veranda room. And I honestly think I like this better than the Wish class ships. They actually decorated it for a Marvel day at Sea. And I love that. Look, we got a nice little Marvel blanket, a pillow, and this sleeps two people. So Sean will probably take the couch over there. It folds down into a nice little bed. And uh we have a beautiful veranda. Nice little uh desk area over here. And I love that we have a TV that we both can see because I feel like on the other ships the TV was over here and if you were sleeping on the other bed, you really couldn't see it. But I love all of the artwork in here, too. Look at the Pirates of the Caribbean picture right here. And this picture of Walt. This is absolutely amazing. I really feel like these rooms feel a little bit more Disney to me. This room actually has two bathrooms, too, so two people can get ready at the same time. And I like the design of the bathrooms. I love the little tile work on the ground here. It honestly feels like a Disney resort room to me, but only one of the bathrooms have a toilet. The other one has the shower. But I still like the idea that two people can be doing something at the same time. And I think my favorite thing is this little picture over here cuz it says, "A dream is a wish your heart makes." >> Wow. What? I can't wait to hear that every night. >> I know. On the Disney M. I mean, how magical is this? >> Another day, another Disney cruise. That's the way on the OG. You're on the Magic. You started from the newer ships and now you're on the old classic OG Magic. This one's the This one's a fan favorite. I love this ship so much. I feel like I like these rooms better than the newer class ships, only for the nostalgic reasons. I love the Walt Disney picture, the blue headboard, the Pirates of the Caribbean print, but it's a very outdated room because this is Disney's first cruise ship and it's 28 years old. So, like, you know, the outlets aren't like to the newest technology and you can see some wear and tear. But, I love that. I love the history behind it and I've always wanted to go on Disney's first cruise ship and here we are. But I want to show you the rest of the room and then we got to get ready for the sail away party. I am just so excited to sit out on the veranda and just watch the ocean as we uh cruise away. And I love the verandas. I don't think I can go cruising uh without being able to have this to wake up to every single morning. Got some nice chairs there. Oh man, look at Galveston out there. First time there, too, and I kind of liked it. But now we're ready to set sail. We're going to make our way to Mexico. All right, enough of the room tour business. Now, I want to start getting ready for the sail away party and then just relax a little bit. The first day on the cruise, you just kind of take it easy. The rotational dining is uh Animator's Pallet tonight, which I am so excited to go to. So, we'll probably just go to that after the sail away party and most of the festivities will start tomorrow along with the Marvel Day at Sea, which I am so excited for. I can't wait to see some rare characters on the ship, do some Marvel trivia and Marvel fireworks. There's a lot to be excited about. Then the next day, we're going to be in Mexico and we're going to do an excursion to one of the most fascinating places in the whole world and I can't wait to show you. >> [cheering] >> We got [music] blue. [cheering] Give it up for Miss Winnie. >> And of course, we won't forget our favorite. Everybody give it up for Mickey Mouse. [screaming and cheering] Go here. [music] >> [music] >> Good job, Disney magic. What do you think, Dad? >> That was great. You folks are the best sailor waivers I've ever seen. [music] So, the >> Everybody did the race. >> We sure did. Right about now. I want to see your hands in the air. We're going to keep his energy up. I'm going to welcome a very special individual. Everybody welcome our cruise director. [music] >> I think we should stay on this puzzle with a countdown. >> Yes. >> Here we go. M O U S. [music] HERE WE GO. 5 4 3 2 1 [music] [music] >> The sail away party was awesome. And now we are officially sailing away. We're moving. I can feel it. And we always like to have a little tradition whenever we do like a a cruise together, me and my friends. Whenever we sail away, we like to go to the top deck and uh get a little bubbly blessed and drink some champagne and toast as we uh make our way out to sea. Any bottle will do. Oh my lord, [laughter] I CAN'T BELIEVE I CAUGHT THAT. [laughter] >> That was YOU'LL SHOOT YOUR EYE OUT, KID. SO, CHEERS. And uh let's set sail. >> Cheers to the Disney magic. to the Disney magic and Pinocchio's Pizza. Well, now it's time to get ready for our first rotational dining of the cruise and we're going to Animator's Pallet. All of my friends say I'm going to love this restaurant. And the best thing about uh Disney Cruise Line is all of the food is included in the price of the cruise. So, when we get down there, we can order as much food as we want. You can have two entre, three entre. You can have the whole entire menu if you want. Even room service, like you can just call room service 24/7, order chicken noodle soup at 3:00 a.m., which I do almost every single night. But it's going to be a lot of fun. And I hear it's a show and I picked the perfect shirt for it. I mean, I I wanted to do something with animation and this is one of my favorite Mickey Mouse Roosevelt shirts. So, I feel like it uh is the perfect shirt. So, uh, let's head to dinner. Time to eat. >> Oh, look at this. On our way to dinner, first mate Goofy. >> Oh, yeah. >> I love you, Goofy. >> He loves. [laughter] >> Thank you. >> I love how the characters are just roaming around. Goofy is just literally on his way out and you can do meet and greets with them in the grand hall. And I think Mickey Mouse is actually going to be at this restaurant. I think it's actually Sorcerer Mickey, too. Oh, look at that. Cinderelli. Holy moly. All the characters are out and about. And here is Animator's Pallet. Look at that. It looks so fancy in here. And it's colorful, but also black and white. Look at all the animation on the walls. And I love the color palettes on the ceiling. Oh, this is going to be such an awesome experience. Now, we're going to be dining at this restaurant again tomorrow for Marvel Day at Sea because they're going to have a special Marvel menu. And whenever you do the rotational dining, especially for any longer cruise, you're going to, you know, eat at the same restaurant more than once. And you can have different ones. Some people have Lumiè. We just have this one. So, we're going to be in here multiple times, but it's always a different menu. Here is a look at the menu. We've got appetizers, soup, and then main courses. Oh, look. They got pennet with bolognese. They got an herb crusted pork chop, a ginger teriyaki, dusted Angus beef tenderloin, and a lot of good salads. Even the lemon thyme marinated all natural chicken breast. I also like the different versions of Mickey in here and like half the animation. And I think that's really fancy. Because this is the first rotational dining of our cruise, I'm probably not going to go too heavy. We have a lot of meals to eat, but I definitely want to show you some of the food and get a dessert or two and watch the show. That's the thing I'm most excited about. Everyone says the show and just all the effects in here because all of the black and white sketches will uh eventually uh become color. And I think Mickey makes it happen in a special way. So, uh, we're gonna wait and see when he comes out. >> The paintbrushes just lit up. Look at that. >> Oh my gosh, I didn't even notice that. >> Yeah. >> Oh. Oh, they just shut off. Oh, and now there's sketches happening on the uh pictures on the walls here. Wow. This is really, really cool. >> Wow. The screens are literally showing animation being drawn starting at the basic bottom with all the line work and then like I said, I think it's going to be complete by the time we're finished with dinner. Since I didn't get an appetizer, I decided on trying two entre. First, we've got the pennet bolognese with some garlic bread, which looks amazing. And I love the plate, too. And then we got the teriyak uh beef. And this is served with bok choy and carrots. Look at that. That's a nice hunk of beef. And like I mentioned, you can order as much as you want. But I like I'm trying to take it a little easy. And plus, I think I want to get two desserts. So, first let's try this penet bolognese. The noodles look amazing. They honestly look so light and airy. Look at that. I love a little bolognese. Oh, you know what? I'm going to eat it on my garlic bread just like this. The garlic bread and the sauce are incredible. That literally is something I would definitely get again. And it probably pairs well with bok choy and beef. So, now we're going to move along. And I love these little carrots, too. Going to have the best of both worlds. Steak and pasta. Oh, look at that steak right there. We got to add some potatoes to it to make it a nice bite. I like uh I like to use uh mashed potatoes kind of like as a butter. Wow, that is actually amazing. Very, very good. Look at that. That is so good. The mashed potatoes have a unique flavor to it, but I love it. And honestly, I can't tell you which one I like more. I also dribbled a little bit of my uh marinara sauce on the tablecloth, but it's okay. You know, they would have come by and maybe put one of those white circles on it. >> Do you know what flavor was in those mashed potatoes? >> No. What flavor? >> Wasabi. >> Wasabi? I don't think I've ever had wasabi before, let alone wasabi mashed potatoes. I don't even know it's a thing, but I knew something tasted a little different. I was like, "Wait a second. That doesn't taste like butter, sour cream, and milk." Here is a look at the dessert menu. And my eye caught this uh lemon ice box pie, which is their signature dessert, but they also have a cookies and cream sundae. That's what Sean and Kristen both got. Look at that. >> So good. >> Cookies and cream. Oh, they actually put a little chocolate. I was thinking like cookies and cream ice cream, but I didn't know it was cookies. Yeah, but you know, like Oreo ice cream, but that's an actual cookie. Wow. Cookie cookie. >> And then here's the lemon ice box pie. Kind of looks like a key lime pie. It does. >> Isn't that interesting? I like how they added a little like paint here cuz it's artsy. Cuz we're in the animation palette. And I honestly keep on wanting to call it something different. I have a hard time saying names that kind of sound the same, but uh we're going to give it a go. Wait, why did that just come off like that? Maybe that's just like a jello raspberry thing. I'll pull a little bit from the back, too. I like a little crust with my pie. Things are starting to look a little colorful in here. I'm starting to see the animation on the screens actually take form. I see uh Dory over there. Little Remy. Wow. And look at right behind Sean. I can see uh Rapunzel. Oh, it's happening. >> Wow. Look at it in here, guys. [music] Let your conscience be your guide. I can't [music] [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [cheering] >> Wow. [screaming] >> [music] >> Woo! Woo! [music] [cheering] Animator's Pallet exceeded all of my expectations. It was such an amazing restaurant. I literally I'm going to say that's got to be one of my all-time non like dinner show restaurants on Disney Cruise Lines like all the way around and it was like entertainment. Sorcerer Mickey came out dancing around. It was so amazing. And now I am pumped for the rest of this cruise. Tomorrow we have Marvel Day at Sea and that's going to be a lot of fun. And then we've got a couple of cool excursions and port adventures in Mexico. tons of restaurants, even Paulo. So, it's going to be an amazing time and I can't wait to share it all with you. Right now, I think I better call it a night and uh we'll pick it up tomorrow morning. Like I said, I'm going to do every single day and just bring you guys along with me. So, I guess uh we'll see you in the morning for uh day two. And good morning from day two on the Disney Magic. And it's Marvel day at sea today. So, I am so excited for all the Marvel activities. I got my fancy Infinity Gauntlet Roosevelt shirt on and I think we're going to start the morning by going to meet some characters. Thor is doing an early morning meet and greet and I absolutely love Thor. So, he's top of the list for me. But then the whole day is just full of fun activities including fireworks tonight and it's going to be a lot of fun. And we even have a Marvel dinner. So, uh, might as well start the day. It's time to start the day. I'm not sure where we are, but the sunrise was beautiful this morning and I slept really good. I feel like the boat wasn't rocking much and uh it was actually kind of cool because we have this cold front happening. So, I'm excited to take you guys all around the ship today. We're definitely going to eat lots of food and hopefully meet some characters. I'm probably most excited for the fireworks later tonight because usually every cruise I've been on, they have a pirates night, but because this is a Marvel's Day at Sea, they don't have pirate nights, so it's all about Marvel. And I'm hoping the fireworks are like to Marvel themed music, and I think that would be amazing. It looks like they decorated the ship for Marvel Day at Sea. The Grand Hall has some banners and backdrops. Right there is a backdrop for Black Panther. So, you can probably guess he's going to do a meet and greet over there. But the person I am most excited to meet is the mighty Thor. And I noticed they have an Asgard uh backdrop down here. So, that must mean that's where Thor is going to do the meet and greet. So, I'm going to wait. I got to meet the mighty Thor. I've been thinking about the perfect thing to say to Thor. And since I'm wearing the uh Infinity Gauntlet Roosevelt shirt, I think I'm going to say you should have gone for the head or like something silly like uh oh, he's a friend from War, you know, something like that. I'm excited and I'm the first person here. Thor's biggest fan club right here. Good to see you, my friend. >> Yes. How are you? You >> hands Oh, yes. I know this feeling. COME HERE. >> OH, WELL, thank you. >> Wow. The mighty Thor. >> You've heard of me? >> Oh, yes, I have heard of you. I'm a little bit worried here. >> Oh, about the shirt. >> How did you collect these? >> Well, uh, I didn't collect them all, but I knew someone who did collect them all. >> Believe me, it's been taken care of. Well, I thought he was taken care of, and now I see all these stones back together. >> Oh, you should have wounded for the head. [laughter] >> Bring up this horse. >> And I love Asgard back here. Look at this. >> Well, it looks a little different nowadays. Yes. >> Giant tail over here. And usually Helix ends here. And there's a lot more destruction. But remember, Asgard is a people, not a place, my friend. Yes, >> you know it. >> Yeah, you have [laughter] to come visit me in New Asgard sometimes. >> I would love to come to New Asgard. Make >> sure you don't make sure you don't sound. >> I'm sorry. I didn't mean that. >> You didn't mean that. Now after the population is gone. >> Oh no. [laughter] Oh my lord. Thor literally made my morning. I'm ready to go for Marvel's day at sea. And I want to see if we can see any other characters out now because I think they all started around the same time. But you know, I prioritize Thor. Let's just take a see if uh Black Panther's out. Oh yeah, there he is. Wakanda Forever. And then I think Captain Marvel somewhere around the ship. We're just going to browse around. Eventually we got to get some breakfast. But we've got a lot of Marvel plans for today. Where can I get some of that vibranium? >> You must come to Wakanda only. >> Oh, >> Wakanda only. >> Take me there. >> I will take you down the royal talent. You're ready to go. >> I'm ready to go. >> Okay, we come pick you up. I'll call you now. Okay, >> you can take me anywhere. >> I got you. [laughter] Take me soon. I'll see you soon. >> See you soon. Thank you. I woke up early so I can meet some of the characters and I'm glad I did because the lines now are so long. like I was the first person to meet Thor and then right as he came out I would say about 15 20 people showed up. So if you do want to see the characters try to get up as early as possible. I think the lines are definitely not as long. And now I was going to go get something to eat for breakfast but we're going to meet some more characters. In fact I think we're going to meet the Guardians of the Galaxy. They have a special like, you know, ticketed event uh where you can go and meet the Guardians of the Galaxy. And that's for 9:45 a.m. And I thought we were going to get breakfast before that. And I have like 30 maybe 40 minutes. So, I figured why not go for a dip in the pool. I mean, it's a cruise, right? I'm on vacation. I should be able to go hang out in the hot tub before breakfast. And here is the Quiet Cove pool. They have two hot tubs and a big deep pool. And it's awesome that the uh pool and spa open at 700 a.m. Look at that. The quiet cove pool rules. 7:00 a.m. to 1000 p.m. So, you can uh go for an early morning dip. And I think that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to hang out in the hot tub. This is the way to do it. Bright and early in the morning. You got the whole hot tub to yourself. And now I get to bring in the morning with a nice little relaxation. I think I broke my toe. Sean, you can have your own private hot tub over there. >> Our personal hot tub. >> Get in there. >> I'll tell you what, all of the other 18 and over uh cruise ships, like areas on the cruise ships I've been to, the jacuzzi's were always packed. But like this this one, I think this is the best uh 18 and over uh section on any cruise ship I've been on so far. This in the dream of the fantasy class is my favorite. >> It's really Yeah, it's it's so much bigger. It's in the middle of the ship. It's not at the back. The best thing is is if you get tired of the hot tub, you can just walk right into the pool. It connects straight in. It's got like a nice little uh shower area there. And then you can hop into the regular pool, which I also think is heated. Look at this. Oh, that's kind of cool. So, if someone is just hanging out here and they're not in the hot tub, they can hang out and chitchat and talk to people sitting in the hot tub. Isn't that awesome? And here's the other one over here. Look at that. Two hot tubs. And they fit a lot of people in there. And no one's out here doing it now except for me. I tried to get Sean in here, but I don't think he's interested. >> I'm not even sure how deep this is, but we'll find out. I know how to swim. >> Well, now that I got to show you the pool area and relax in the jacuzzi a little bit, it's time to get some breakfast and uh meet some more Marvel characters. The breakfast is like a buffet. We're not going to a restaurant. They have this every single morning. And you can also get room service. They have uh 24-hour room service and it's free. Well, I mean, it's all included in the cruise price, but you can have breakfast delivered to you. But I like a variety. I like going to the buffet. Oh wow. What is this? The Mad Titan breakfast. They got Thanos right here. Yo, >> who's closing the door on me? >> Thanos. Can you imagine if they had a Thanos uh meet and greet? I mean, I would be so excited for that. And this is uh what's the name of this place, Sean? >> Cabanas. >> Cabanas. >> This is where the buffet is. >> The original buffet. No shutters, no Marceline, >> nothing. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner, right? >> Yes. >> Oh, let's take a look and see what they got on the buffet. We have oatmeal, cream of wheat, grits, bacon, sausage, hash browns, eggs. Then they have uh red potatoes and corn beef hash here. Ooh, eggs benedict, some uh croissants. Oh, what is this? Oh, cinnamon French toast. That looks actually really, really good. And then, of course, it's not a Disney cruise without some Mickey waffles and blueberry pancakes. And then it goes all the way around. A lot of the stuff is like repeats, but they have an omelet station. Here's all the, you know, sweet treats and bakery items. They have muffins and banana bread. Even uh donuts, too. A strawberry fil donut. And oh, I love these cinnamon rolls over here. Oh, look at these cinnamon rolls. And the pecan Danish. And some of this stuff is actually hot. I feel like Mickey waffles are literally just like such a staple for Disney cruise ships, even the parks themselves. And on the last day, they have the churro Mickey waffles. So, I'm so excited for that. But I guess the regular Mickey waffles will do today. I mean, I love them just as much. And I always like to go ears first. That's the way. Not a lot of syrup, just a little bit. We definitely picked the perfect table. Look at this. We're actually uh right directly on the trail of the cruise ship. You can see where we've been. Look at that. >> Where we're going. >> That's where we have to go to the front of the ship to see where we're going. >> That's true. >> Always look in the past for where you've been. We're going to finish up our breakfast and then head down to Animator's Pallet so we can meet the Guardians of the Galaxy. I got a sausage and a hash brown. Oh my lord, I'm so excited. We're back at Animator's Pallet and you can see they have all the Marvel drawings on the wall. And I wasn't sure who we were going to meet. And look, it's actually Groot and Star-Lord and not Baby Groot. It's the uh big Groot. Big Groot. Yo, you could be Groot. >> I I could be as tall as Groot. We might have a little struggle walking around the ship. >> Wow, that's kind of crazy. I can't wait to see this picture of Sean and Groot next to each other. >> I think we should get them for our basketball team. >> Yeah. >> Sign them up. were coming back down to this restaurant for dinner tonight. And I was curious if they were going to add like Marvel to the animation screens. And it looks like they are. And the menu, the food is going to be like a Marvel inspired meal. The world famous Star-Lord. >> Legendary [music] Outlaw Scound. >> Thank you, sir. And Groot. >> Can I shake your hand? Oh my lord. That is the greatest handshake I think I've ever had. >> Wow. Well, I got to say this is such a highlight for me. I mean, the fact that I am meeting Groot in Star-Lord, all we need is Kevin Bacon and I will feel complete. >> Exactly. [laughter] Drax on that for you, too. >> Oh, yeah. I need some Drax, too. >> You want to give him a hug, too? >> Can [music] I can give you a GR Grud? Oh my lord. Thank you. [laughter] >> I'm sorry. Honestly, I am so happy. Thank [laughter] you, Groot. I am Groot. >> Exactly. What else did you get up to today? You seen any other heroes? >> I got to see Thor. >> You did? >> And he's a pretty good-look guy. [laughter] >> I know. Thor is, you know, he there's something about him. I think he's just like nothing against Star-Lord. >> It's the blue eyes. That's >> It is. You get lost in those blue eyes. Groot knows. >> I've been waiting to see Shawn stand next to Groot this whole time. Look at this. >> Oh my lord. >> Species on the show. >> Yep. I can see that. [clears throat] >> I am Sean. >> All right. I'm picking him for basketball later. >> I got it for [laughter] Saturday night. >> Meeting Groot was such a great experience. I've always wanted to meet the big Groot. I I got to see baby Groot at Hollywood Studios. And uh because it's so popular, you have to have prior reservations. All the information is on the Disney Cruise Line app. It actually says it because of the popularity of this event, it's a limited space. And they do that for Iron Man and Spider-Man 2 down at Marvel HQ. We'll go see them later on, but there's still tons of Marvel characters just walking around roaming. Literally, it's going to be like Character Poo in a second. We'll probably see so many. I mean, I already saw Thor and Star-Lord. And I like how I told Star-Lord that Thor was good-looking cuz you know, you know how Star-Lord's so envious of him and he's all like, "Yeah, you see this, you know, god who's not that really good-looking and they just like acted to the part. They know Marvel and I love that." Like they're in it. >> Wow. On the magic. >> Of course, [laughter] >> I I I sometimes act like a dork. [laughter] >> That's what I laughed at when he said that. I feel embarrassed. We missed him. Huh? Is that the doctor? [laughter] >> I saw him. I got to say hi as he walked by. >> The doctor on board. >> A lot of the characters you can find in the navigator app. I think that's what it's called, the navigator app, but uh some of them were just like roaming around and Doctor Strange is literally just hanging out. They don't have like a photo pass photographer or a line, but I think that's so amazing. Doctor Strange on the Disney magic. How magical is that? >> Hello again, my friend. >> Hello. >> Snapping on me. Oh, no more snapping. [laughter] >> A >> pizza parka. >> Okay. Why are you saying that so? >> Oh, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. [laughter] >> I didn't mean to. It was the Osborne and me. >> Get over there. HOW YOU DOING? >> I'M DOING GREAT. I'm very excited. Thanks for uh saying hello. >> Hold on. >> So, you're going to see my real name and then what shirt are you wearing? >> Uh, it's the Infinity Gauntlet, >> right? >> Yeah. >> Why would you bring up my trauma like that? Well, cuz I thought maybe you would uh transform into spaceide. >> Okay. Would love. He won't let me bring any other suits on board. I keep asking, but then he's like, "That one's not waterproof." I'm like, "None of them are waterproof, so just let me bring the fun one." >> Yeah. The space proof one. >> Right. Exactly. >> That's crazy. >> When you go say, "Can you just ask him to if I could just bring a couple extra on?" >> I'm going to question him. Don't worry. >> Thank you. But then if you're wearing this, just make sure you're not snapping today. I know Thor already said it, but uh I I kind of gave him a little >> I know. >> We're good. We're good. I see. >> We're good. [laughter] >> We're all good. >> We're not dusted. >> Dusty or am I okay? >> I think you're good. >> Thank you. >> I got to ask though, why why uh can't Spider-Man bring any of his cool suits on the ship? >> Um option D. Prefer not to answer. >> I understand. He said it was because uh they're not water resistant. I said you should bring the space one. >> The space [laughter] one would work out really well. >> Maybe next time. Maybe next time. Maybe next time. Avengers. We're all pretty awesome, right? >> But who's your favorite? >> Uh, honestly, it's got to go to Thor. >> I love them. >> Now that everyone knows I'm your favorite, please tell everyone why. >> I'll make sure to let them know. I'll, you know, I >> There are so many great options to choose from. >> Yep. >> Of course, you can have a picture. And now you don't have to ask. >> Thank you. Well, I think we got to see all of the characters I wanted to see. And it was awesome because sometimes you get to see them in passing when you're just like walking around the halls. And the fact that Door recognized me from the meet and greet early in the morning and he was like, "Don't go snapping your fingers." That literally made my day. But I think it's time to relax. I might head back up in the room, just hang out on the veranda and just chill while we wait for our next activity. Well, we definitely seen a lot of amazing Marvel characters today, but now it's time for the costume contest. I know. I'm excited. Look at the group over there. I see Vision. I see Molly and Allan is Thor and Loki. >> I'm so excited to see you all here and show off your time that one photo. This is the one in photo. It's a great line. Okay, everyone get those cameras out and ready cuz we have to shoot that hero and villain shot. Okay, everyone in three, [music] two, one, and pose. Wow, look at that. Oh my goodness, you look wonderful. Wow. Hello everyone. [music] >> Look at this. Come on now. [music] I love you, GOOFY. [laughter] >> WOW, >> Hulk smash. Well, now it's time to get ready for our Marvel dinner and we're heading back to animators pallet and I'm excited because when we went in to see Groot, everything switched over to Marvel. So, I want to see some cool Marvel animations on the walls. And then right after we have dinner, they have the Marvel stage show and the fireworks at 1000 PM. So, we're going to be able to just go bing bing bing boom. And uh it's going to be a lot of fun. And then sadly, it's going to be the end of Marvel's Day at Sea. And uh I kind of want to see if I like this better than Pirate Night because when they do Marvel Day at Sea, they don't do Pirate Night. And I've done Pirate Night in every single cruise I've been to. So, something different is kind of It's kind of fun. Wow. Look at how busy this is. All of the characters are just out and about this hanging around. You got Thor up here. Captain America down there. Loki. Oh, wow. Actually, LOOK. I THOUGHT THAT WAS LOKI, but that's Loki. I can't tell which ones are actually characters and uh which ones are cosplaying. There he is. I'm ready for some Marvel food. Oh, look at it in here. >> Take a look at this awesome menu we have for this evening. It looks just like a comic book and it's massive because it breaks it down by character. So, these are Black Widow's appetizers, Black Panther, Iron Man, and then they have the entre too. Look at this. Wow. I really love it. Munir's meatballs and pasta. Oh my lord. I probably have to get that. I mean, all of these just look so cool. Oven baked fillet or salmon. And then down here, they had Dr. Banner's green and lobster salad. Maybe I could do a little surf and turf. My favorite thing about eating at restaurants on the Disney Cruise Line is the fact that you can order as much as you want and you can kind of experiment and try things that you normally wouldn't because you can just order a backup. And today, I'm not going to try anything I don't like. I'm just going to order all the things I love. Maybe a little steak, maybe a little chicken, maybe a little lobster. And I saw they have some meatballs on the the menu. So, some meatballs, lobster, steak, and chicken. And it's corn fried chicken with a sweet potato. So, I think that's right up my alley. For my appetizer, I think I'm going to have to get that Wakandi and pee pew. And uh I think it's like something I've had before. Cilantro, ginger, chili, marinated chicken with papa paya coconut salsa. Coconut. It's [laughter] I love the music they're pumping in here, too. Right now, they're playing the theme song to Agatha. It's been Agatha all along. First up, we got the Wakandan Pew Pew. I know I keep saying it wrong. You've already pipper. It's it just because you said it at the Lion King dinner. You were calling it pew pew shrimp. Thank you so much. >> Perry Perry. >> Yes. >> There you go. >> Chicken Perry. Perry. And it looks really good. I'm going to sprinkle a little lime zest on it cuz I like it zesty. A little lime pew or perry perry perry. Ooh. Well, now that we've gotten our appetizer all taken care of, and I really did like it. It had a little spiciness to it, the main events have arrived. I got, like I said, a little steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus. And then the uh corn, it's not corn fried, it's cornfed. >> Cornfed. So, the chicken ate lots of corn. And it's like a way that they uh prepare the dish. And it looks amazing. Look at this. That's some amazing suach under there. Suckering suatach. Oo, look at this chicken. I'm sorry if the camera is moving around a little bit. Like I said, it's a little bit rocky tonight. And uh like I said, might as well start with the chicken. Going to take a bite. Oh, this actually might be my favorite chicken I've ever had on a Disney cruise line. It's got like a little sweet savory glaze on it. I don't know. I kind of like I wish it was fried, but the fact that I like it and it's healthy, I feel better about it. And now I'm going to move my uh attention to the meat and potato business. I asked for it a little bit well done because I think they roast it in the oven. Uh, but it looks really, really good. And I don't know what that is. Is that an onion? That is an onion. I got to get a little mashed potato with my steak. There we go. A little bit of everything in one bite. Honestly, both of these were amazing. But my favorite thing out of the whole entire meal was like this sweet potato pepper spinach mix. I don't think it's suck attached. I don't know what that is, but it's definitely delicious. And then the chicken. But overall, I kind of like the Marvel dinner, and I'm excited for dessert. The dessert is coming out next, but I did want to point out that the restaurant really doesn't do any effects with the Marvel stuff. It's still the same stuff we saw earlier and it just stays on the screen, but it's still kind of cool to see it inside the restaurant full of animation. Oh, the desserts have arrived. We got uh one of everything so we can try it all. You weren't kidding about that pistachio brownie. >> Wow. >> Look at that thing over there. >> Show that thing. >> Can I get a look at that thing? >> Yeah. Look. >> Oh, show them that thing. >> Show me that thing. >> Wa! Look at this. This is no sugar added pistachio brownie. Look at that pistachio loaf. That actually looks so good. >> Pistachio brownie. No sugar add it. >> That's why I bring one extra for you. >> Yo. Oh my lord. >> How about that? >> This is the best literal service I've ever had on a Disney cruise line. I want you to know that. >> Wow. >> Thank you. He actually knows me cuz I was like, "Oh, I don't know if I should get this cuz it's, you know, sugarfree." And he said, "It's the best dessert and you're going to love the way it looks." And he was right. And then I also got the apple crisp. First things first, we got to try this pistachio brownie. Wow. Look at that. Holy moly. He knows. I'm not too sure what this thing is, but it looks like something from Marvel. It's got a little ice cream and apples along with the green sugar crust. Oo. If I had to choose, I would say this is my favorite. It was very delicious. And the fact that it's no sugar added is just so cool. Well, the Marvel dinner at Animator's Pallet was amazing. I still think I like the regular animators palette more. And I'm glad that I got to try that pistachio brownie. I actually liked it a lot. And the chicken. So now it's time to make our way up to the main deck. We're going to watch the Heroes Unite show and then the fireworks. Lots of people are showing up for Heroes Unite. And I think that they're going to have the fireworks on this side maybe. So we have a good spot. We're right in the center. And this is where the performers are going to come out. And I also feel like somebody might come out from up there and take a zipline all the way down to the stage there. Who knows? Could be Spider-Man or it could be Mickey Mouse or maybe even Iron Man. >> Tonight is going to change your lives. First, of course, there's me. Can't say you'll ever get tired of that. Next, we're going to be introducing some technology that is really going to blow your mind. And finally, I may have invited a few friends. Would you like to meet them? [cheering] >> All right, let's do this. One, two, three. [music] >> See? Absolutely nothing to worry about. [laughter] H [music] >> for the Aarian Demiggon. >> Look at this. Iron Man showing [music] off his new toy. >> Back off, Loki. There's no version of this that ends well for you. >> And you're probably right. But I have to learn from my mistakes. [music] Which is why this time I've enlisted a partner. Greetings, Avengers. Red Skull. [music] Ah, you must be the new Captain America I've been hearing so much about. [music] [screaming and cheering] Nope. >> Way easier. >> Still cool. >> Spider-Man, you take the bony one. >> Looks like it's just you and me, Skull Dome. [music] >> You again? >> Yep. Are you blushing? >> Enough of your quips. [music] >> No can do, no crap. I said that Captain Mar. >> That's funny. Remember that time I hit you in the face with a photon blast. >> What? >> That was a good time. >> Awesome. >> Let's finish this, [music] Captain. And all batter up. >> [music] >> I sure hope this works. >> Chin up, Robin Hood. We got this. >> We are ready for North D. All right, everyone. Let's do this. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> I detect no remaining drones in the area. >> We did it. >> It looks like the Mr. Hitler [music] is retreating. >> Never doubted the plan for a minute. And with that, I think it's a wrap on day two. I enjoyed the Marvel's Day at Sea. I feel like the fireworks show and the stage show was a perfect way to end the night. And dare I say, I think I like uh Marvel Day at Sea Pirate Night. I mean, I think I I maybe might have done Pirate Night a couple of too many times, but I think I like Marvel more, and this is something I would definitely do again. And if you're a big Marvel fan, I highly suggest coming and checking it out. So until then, I guess uh we'll see you in the morning. See you in the morning. And good morning from Mexico. Well, it's actually that way, but we have made it. And uh we're going to get ready to disembark and go on a really cool excursion. But not as cool as the excursion we're going to do tomorrow. Today it's kind of just like a nice little beach day. Don't look too sunny out today, though. >> Yeah, it does look a little gloomy, but at least the water's blue. I noticed the water in Galveston was a little bit dark. Something about Charles Barkley. >> That Galveston water. >> Charles Barkley doesn't like [laughter] too much. >> He does not. >> Today is day three and like I said, we're going to disembark and go to Kazamel. This is my first time in Mexico and we have a fun little beach excursion. So, we'll probably do some swimming, eat some of the food, and then we're going to come back on the boat and we have the Rapunzel dinner show tonight. And I'm so excited. This is the restaurant I've been most excited to eat at, and I have the perfect shirt for it. And I'm excited for tomorrow because then we're going to do another stop in Mexico at Progresso. And we have an excursion there. But today, we've got a nice little beach day, a fun little dinner, and I think it's going to be a lot of fun. So, might as well uh disembark. Time to disembark. And would you look at that? We have made it to Mexico. I am so excited to go explore a country I've never been to. And it's awesome seeing the ship just sitting here. Gives you a good look of it from the outside. I think our room is somewhere up here. We have made it to the port at Kazamel. And they have a bunch of shops and stores where you can buy bracelets and hats and a bunch of, you know, touristy things. But I think we're going to just make our way uh right to the beach. It's about a 45minute bus ride from here. And uh I'm excited. >> We're getting off the bus and we're at Kuza Adventure Park. Look at this. >> HEY, [music] let the party begin. >> Are you out there? >> Oh, I I will dance. And just like that, we have made it to Kuza Beach and Adventure Park. It was about a 45minute bus ride to get here from the port. And there's so many activities. They have massages on the beach. You can get like quads and drive around, kaying, tons of food, tons of drinks. We're going to take it all in. Here is a look at Kuza Beach and Adventure Park. And like I said, it is so massive here. I know we don't have a lot of time, so I'm not sure what we're going to be able to get done, but they have the adventure park right here with water slides. And then they have the beach. And look how long that beach is. This whole area is literally the adventure park itself. And they have so many cool excursions, restaurants. Once you get off the bus, you have to take a tram to the beach. But the adventure park is literally right here. And I'm excited. Got my towel, my cocoa shirt. It's ready for Mexico. >> Wow. Oh, I think Mexico is already pretty beautiful. Listen to those birds. >> A you ruined it. >> I was going to say that. >> I believed it. >> Being at Disney. [laughter] >> Wow. >> The beach itself is so beautiful. And I love all of the statues. Look at that water. Holy moly. We're probably going to grab maybe a bite to eat, get a massage, and then hop in the water. They have like a nice, really cool buffet over here. Here is a look at the food they have. We got some tortilla chips over here, grilled chicken, quesadilla, some carrots, some broccoli, pulled pork, even some uh spaghetti. Look at that. And then they have some more things over here. A lot of the food is definitely, you know, Mexican food because, you know, we're in Mexico and I'm all for that battered fish and then they have some beria and then they have some cold selections, too, like salads and desserts. So, uh, might as well dive on in, make ourselves a little plate. My first taco in Mexico and I think it's falling apart. Oh, boy. [laughter] Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Here we go. I think I put too much pico on there. They have a lot of other stuff, too, in case you didn't want to get just from the buffet. Kuzza's flavors of the day. Shrimp pizza, grilled seafood. But like I said, I think I'm pretty good with all this. And it's not bad for buffet food. I was expecting it to be a little bit more like flavorful, but uh maybe we'll wait and get ourselves a nice good taco on our next excursion. >> Street meat. >> That's the one we want. Me and Kristen are trying to get, you know, tacos and Mexican food from the side of the street. >> And my mom and Sean are like, "Absolutely not. Do not do that." And me and Nate are like on the same page. >> Most authentic. And it's going to be the best flavor. >> Mhm. I'm excited. >> Oh, look at this little tropical hideaway. Massages on the beach. I don't mind a little spa treatment here. >> Nothing like two fellas getting a massage. Nick Papa Gorgio. >> Ah, Mr. Papa Georgio, your sweet is ready for you. >> Now this now this is vacation. >> Oh yeah, >> this is really cozy. I like it. >> Nice little uh little treat here in Mexico for you. >> I so pale. [laughter] >> The massage was so relaxing and I just love being out on the beach feeling the air. Like that's so nice. I've never had a massage on a beach before. And now I think we might go hop in the water. I hear it's a little cold, so I don't know how much time I'm going to spend in there, but I got to get in the water. They have some nice hammocks right next to the massage area. And it's in a nice little bungalow. Isn't that so cool? I'm going to try to maybe uh sit down on one of these hammocks, but they look a little slim, so I'm afraid I might fall. But if I do, at least it'll be in a hammock. >> Do I sit in between like this? Wow. >> That's like the best hammock experience I think I've ever had. >> Wow. >> And you didn't think you were going to make it. >> I literally thought I was going to fall. You can kind of wrap yourself up in like a cocoon and make it like your own like little like paradise. >> I like it a lot. >> Can you push me so I can swing? [laughter] It's easier for me to fall asleep this way. Oh, thank you. Hey, baby. >> Should we make him do a flip over? >> Yeah. Give him a good Give him a good push, Kristen. [laughter] >> You better be careful. >> Yo, he's loving this right now. Look at him. >> Oh my god, he almost kicked the camera. >> I've never had a hammock hold me like that. >> I switched over to the GoPro so we can hop in the water. And we got a nice little cozy spot here on the beach next to some trees with some shade. And like I said, I think it's pretty cold in there. So, I'm going to attempt to see how long I last. But I am already freezing. It's so cold. I'm freezing. Oh boy. AND THERE'S THINGS IN MY CROCS. Oh boy. All right. I'm going under. [music] There's a croc in the water. Yeah, it was definitely too cold in the water, so I had to get out. But now we're just going to relax, hang out by the beach, and just take in the atmosphere. We have about an hour left until we have to get back to the port. And then we're going to, you know, do some shopping around there and head back on the ship and get ready for our dinner at Rapunzel's unlimited dose of keys. Now, I think we're going to go get some tequila. Sean, I can't even get you in front. Look at you. You're [laughter] >> my friend. >> Oh, you Mike Wazowski yourself with the umbrella. [laughter] They have a little tequila tasting booth over here. You can also do jet skiing. I don't know if we have enough time for jet skiing, but I definitely want to try some of the tequila. You can choose from blanco respiratory resp. [laughter] We said that at the same time. We have done tequila tastings before. Hombberto, >> this one's for you. >> This one's for you. Cheers. >> Salio. >> Were you in danger? for sure. >> Yeah, I feel good. >> They have Mexican ice pops and a nice little cotton candy popcorn stand here. It's actually very breezy and beautiful. I just wish I had a little more time. Oh, and they're playing Ghostbusters. I ain't afraid of no ghost. Look at this little fancy archway. Reminds me of Game of Thrones. And this is where you can actually do some of the excursions. Oh, they have another spa over here, too. See, this island is so big. And this is only a tiny part of the beach, you know. That's kind of crazy. They have a lot more than just beaches and water slides. It's actually a very beautiful island. And they have a nice bridge where you can see a little bit more of the island. I don't want to take the long walk, but I just want to show you a little bit. You can actually walk back and forth from the adventure park. You can see that's where we got off the bus and that's where we took uh the golf cart over here. They do have shuttles, but you can walk all the way over there. But look at this. This is beautiful. Nothing around us. Just hanging out. >> Just a couple of PA guys here in Cosmol, Mexico. >> That's it. Wow. I can't believe it, man. This is literally I I never thought I'd go to Mexico. >> Well, we're going again tomorrow. >> I know. And tomorrow is going to be so much more exciting. I mean, this is great, but the thing that we have planned for tomorrow has been something I've always wanted to do my whole life. >> Yeah, you've been talking about it. >> It's going to be amazing. It's time to make our way back on the Disney Magic. And there she is. Look at it. It's so cool seeing the only like cruise ship out there. The water is nice and clear at the moment, too. And it's awesome seeing like the ship from a hole in this angle. It's pretty small compared to the Wishclass ships and the adventure eventually, but I think I like it. Well, we successfully made it back to the ship and now we are heading back out to sea. But we're not leaving Mexico. I think we're just going around it, right? We're going to Progresso tomorrow. And I love the sunset happening right now. Look at that. Wow. It's so beautiful out. A sunset like this deserves some bubbly blessing. Look at that. A bottle of champagne on the veranda as we sail away. >> Let's see if this bottle stays on until >> Wait, I'm kind of nervous. >> I know. We're tight. [laughter] We're in tighter quarters here, too. Cover those eyes. I'm a little nervous. All right. >> Hey, [laughter] >> cheers. Cheers to that sunset. Look at that. Isn't she a but Clark? We ran out of champagne glasses, so we kind of poured a little heavy. >> These are the bathroom cups. >> OH, OKAY. GOOD TO KNOW. >> HONESTLY, these are the moments that make me really love cruising. Just hanging out on the veranda, taking it all in. >> Only way to do it. >> It's the only way. Well, I can sit out on that veranda for hours. But we had to get ready for the Tangled dinner show. And I think I picked the perfect shirt for tonight. And I am so excited for this restaurant. If you didn't know, my favorite Disney Cruise Line restaurant is the Frozen one on the Disney Wish, but I feel like the Tangled Rapunzel dinner show is going to probably sit with me a lot more because I really love the music and I love the lanterns and I can't wait to see if the restaurant is just full of lanterns. I think that's going to be so magical. They have a Broadway show too we saw and I can't film that or else I'd show you. But that was fantastic. So, I figured Tangled was like the best shirt for the Disney Magic. All right, we're making our way into Rapunzel's Royal Table. Look at this. I know. This is actually like new to the Magic cuz it wasn't always this, right? >> Yes. It was parake before. So, this is >> Wow. >> New for us. >> Two lines. Oh, I already see some lanterns. >> Look. Look. Nice to meet you. >> Wow. >> How are you? >> Lines, please. Thank you. >> Fine. >> The soda is better, though. >> Oh my gosh. You're making a mess over here, >> huh? >> No messes. >> No, this is the way to the royal table. You got to open your eyes. Come on, [laughter] >> KRISTEN. >> Come on. >> 77. >> Hey. >> Wow. >> Oh, and we got a birthday cake here, too. >> We're celebrating Rapunzel's birthday here. It's Rapunzel's birthday. Wow. Look at this restaurant. Holy moly. Wow. This is totally different. I am already in love with this restaurant just from all of the decorations. The menu. Look at this menu. And then even the goblets. Look at this. This is so nice. And you got the lanterns on the ceiling. And this is a dinner show. So Rapunzel is going to be coming and it's going to be entertainment while we eat. I love that. Here is a look at the menu. The server suggested [music] the snuckly duckling platter and then the fried shrimp for appetizers. [music] And then they have a great selection for entre. The Flynn Rider platter. Looks like it's a [music] big pork platter. And then they've got, you know, steak, chicken, a little bit of everything so everyone can find something they [music] like. I am so happy I wore this shirt to this dinner. It literally looks so good, especially with all the lanterns in the background. This might top my favorite Disney Cruise Line restaurant, which is the Frozen one [music] on the Disney Wish right now. But I already have high expectations. [music] >> [music] >> Oh my lord. Look at the size of this shrimp. Holy moly. [music] That is insane. You're one of us now, RIGHT? [music] >> Happy birthday. >> I know. There's a night. [music] >> The lanterns are the most beautiful thing ever. >> Oh, please take our picture. Oh, we got you. Don't worry. Hold on. >> All of the entre look so good. So, I decided on getting two. This is the October Fest chicken. And look at it. It looks just as good as the chicken we had the other night. And I love the lemon on it. Look at that. And then I also got uh the uh Flynn Ryder platter, which is a pork platter. That'll come out in a second. But I want to dive into this chicken drumstick. I love drumsticks. [music] Speak of the platter business. Look at this. Wow. Okay, honestly, [music] I'm already impressed. I don't want to get any chicken grease on my tangled shirt. So, cheers. [music] Ooh, the chicken is amazing. But now [music] I want to get to the platter. And it looks like you have pork three ways. Pork belly, [music] pork loin, and then pork sausage. That's a lot of pork. Please enjoy your meals. Look at that. >> [music] [music] >> Best meal. I know we still have Lumiere, but I already know this is the best meal I've had on this ship. Between the pork, the chicken, the [music] pretzel bread, the shrimp, and the soup, this is literally right up my alley. This is perfect. [music] It's like a baked potato dumpling. >> [singing] >> It's your [music] [singing] dream that we know that I was busy. >> [music] >> making this for you. The perfect man to the perfect princess. [music] [music] All those [singing] days [music] all those years outside. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] [singing] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [singing] >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [singing] [music] All [music] that everything that [singing] I see [music] down the deep [music] [music] [cheering] for Rapunzel, the royal and YOUR favorite song. >> It's time to dance. >> I said I was coming to dance.ap. Oh, flap clap. [music] [music] We go down. [screaming] We go down. Down. Up. Down. Up, down, up, down. >> I HAVE A LOST CHILD OVER HERE. >> I'll claim them. [laughter] >> Come on, son. >> That was such a great show. And I love that we just like danced around the dining room. Sean was getting into it. I really love your energy, especially with the stomp stomp. >> He was loving it. Yeah, he was all about it. >> I did it good. >> Yeah. >> Oh, look at that. >> Dang, that is a perfect tour for a video. >> You must have done this a couple of times, huh? >> Wow, guys. What an amazing day. I had so much fun going to Mexico, trying the Tangled restaurant, and I have to say it, I think that is now my new official favorite Disney Cruise Line restaurant. Just the characters, the entertainment, the food. That shrimp was one of the best shrimps I've ever had. And I'm sorry it was a little hard to talk and talk about the food because there's so much like things happening, the music, the dancing, the talking. And I love that the characters come to the table. Everybody got to meet them. Hands down my favorite restaurant. And now I think it's time to go to bed. We got a big day tomorrow. We're going to be going back to Mexico and doing another excursion, but this one is like 8 hours long. I mean, we're going deep. We have to take a 2hour bus ride to actually get to our destination. So, I want to get some good rest. And I guess with that, we'll see you in the morning for day four. Holy moly, it's been 4 days already. I got to go to bed. And good morning from day four on the Disney Magic. It looks like we're about ready to dock in Progresso. But look at this in the middle of the ocean. Wow. I've never seen anything like this. It could be, you know, something for oil or just shipping, but I think it's so interesting. And now we're going to get ready to go out on another excursion in Mexico. I'm so excited. This has been an amazing cruise so far. And we still have 2 days. I can't believe we are on day four already. And we're about to disembark the ship and get ready for our next excursion in Mexico. And this one's going to be a lot longer. In fact, the bus ride to get to our destination is like 2 hours long. But it's so worth it. It's one of the seven wonders of the world. Chichin Ita. And I was trying to learn how to say it right, but I have a hard time pronouncing words. But this place has so much history and even a lot of Disney history. It's the inspiration for the pyramid in Mexico. And we're also going to go swimming in a cenot. And it's going to be such an amazing experience. And I can't wait to show you guys. So, time to get off the ship. >> And we made it to the Yucatan Peninsula. And I think that this is the world's largest pier. And we have to board our bus. Like I said, it's about a 2-hour bus ride. And uh I'm kind of excited. This looks a lot better than uh Kazamel already once you get off of the ship. There's lots of shopping to do in the port. But just like yesterday, I think we're just going to get on the bus so we can get to the excursion. But I might stop back once we get back so I can just browse a little bit. I got to pick up a souvenir. Oh, wow. It's a big fancy bus. Is there bathrooms on there? Oh, there's even bathrooms. >> I know where I'm going. [laughter] >> Actually, would it be okay if while we are together, I teach you some Mayan sentences that could be useful today? >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Only good stuff. Okay. Good words. We just got off the bus and we're making our way over to Chitsen its [laughter] >> closer than before. >> I know. I've been practicing. There it is. Isn't it amazing? One of the seven wonders of the world. And we're here looking at it. And there's a special event that happens. What is it? March >> 21st. >> March 21st. There's like an equinox. And you can see a snake kind of slithering down by the position of the sun. And that's amazing. And also, I want to clap. I hear that uh the way that the Mayans built this, there's like a really cool clapping effect that happens with the excursion and tour. We'll be here for about an hour and then we're going to get back on the bus and go about 10 minutes down the road to the Ko Cenote and we're going to be able to swim and have a little lunch there. So now I just want to kind of look around and take it all in. >> But I really just have to say it's truly an honor to actually be here and be able to share my experiences with you. And thank you to anyone that's watching cuz like I always say, if it wasn't for you, I would never have these great opportunities. And honestly, I never thought I'd be somewhere like this. This is probably one of the coolest top 10 things I think I've ever done in my life. And it's awesome that I get to do it with some of my friends. It's just such an amazing experience. Oh yeah, we got to take a picture. You know what? Can we try to build a pyramid? >> Like a cheerleading pyramid in front of it. I'll go on the bottom. >> I call the top. >> Sean, that's not fair. You're like 67. >> You heard how they did it. >> Yeah. >> Claps three. Three in three several times. >> All right. You'll be you'll be the actors in here. On a count of three, you'll do it. One, two, go. [applause] >> Thank you. Thank you very much. >> Wow. [laughter] >> Round of applause. >> Well, this is the side of the temple. This is not the main facade. I'm going to go with you around the corner. The acoustic will be done also if you want on the north face. But in there where the view is nicer, that's what I'm going to give you two or three minutes maybe to take another selfie. Our tour guide is going to take us all around the actual pyramid and to some other sites. Oh my lord, it keeps getting better. Wow, look at all of these amazing cultural like remnants. It's amazing. And now this is where you can see the uh inspiration for the Mexico pavilion. You can see the snake's mouths right there. They have the same exact layout in a world showcase just like that. >> No climbing though. >> You said the same layout, Nate. So are you telling me there's an attraction, a restaurant, and a tequila bar inside this? >> The Grand Fiesta with the three caviaros is not inside this pyramid. And no lava either. Here is a closer look of this side. And you can actually see the snakes at the very bottom with their mouth open. Look at right here. The Mexico pavilion in Epcot's World Showcase has the same exact thing. And I love how the sun is literally almost right on top of it. Here is actually a closer look at some of the uh snake sculpting. Look at that. >> Isn't that awesome? cuz >> it goes all the way down. Look at that. >> There's the hoop. You know, a lot of people think that that's the uh inspiration for basketball and a lot of other sports that involve throwing a ball into a loop. It's right here on the side. This is like a coliseum here. This is where they would play the games. You can see it sticking on both sides. One right here. It looks like a little donut and the other one's on that side. But we'll get a little bit closer. Oh, wow. Look up there. It's heavy, but it falls easily. Let's see. Stay there. I don't want to accidentally hit anybody. >> It's heavy. >> It's heavy. >> This is actually amazing. Why do they keep calling me Mr. Whiskers? Do I have whiskers? >> I don't know. They keep calling me Mr. Whisker. [laughter] >> Identifiable picture. >> This is my new nickname. Mr. Whisker. [laughter] >> Paging. >> Paging Mr. Whisker. >> Dick this. >> Yeah. >> Blow. Put on here. Put on here. >> Yep. [screaming] >> Wow. >> The Jaguar sounds like straight out. >> Blow. Yeah. >> Are you guys ready to head home? >> Oh boy. And now I'm going home with two new things. >> I'm buying one of the Jaguars and the uh Death Whistle. So I might have overpaid a little bit. >> You didn't even bargain. [laughter] >> Well, you know, >> Mr. Whiskers, >> to be honest, he didn't realize how much I would have paid for it. So therefore, I feel like I got away with a good deal. They said, "If you want to buy something, always bargain. Don't take the first offer." And I accepted the first offer, but I probably would have paid double for these. But now it's time to make our way back to the bus so we can head over for a little swimming lunch. I'm not going to do it loud. >> [laughter] >> sound like Donald Duck a little bit louder THAN DONALD. >> And look at this cenote. I cannot believe we're about to jump in here. Look at how high up we are. Isn't this insane? Look at that. And they have two jump points. One is a little bit smaller and one's a lot higher. But if you don't want to jump, you can just climb down using one of the ladders there. But be warned if you do want to go down swimming. It's like 95 steps and there's no elevators. But there are little spots where you can take breathers. So, uh, might as well make our way down. I'll probably have to switch over to a GoPro cuz I don't think I can bring my camera down there. I obviously can't take the camera in. So, I'm going to make the jump and then uh someone will try to videotape it for me. So, here we go. There he goes. [laughter] >> That was thrilling. >> There he is. How was it? >> It was amazing. You got to do it, Kristen. >> I'm a little scared. >> Oh, you can do it. It's very easy. I'll do it again. I'll do it with you. >> How you feeling, sir? You just jumped in twice. >> I'm going for the big jump now. Mr. Whiskers. >> All right, here we go. You ready? >> Hey, Mr. Whiskers. Mr. Whiskers. That was probably the most exhilarating thing I've ever done in my life. Honestly, I can't even believe I did it. I feel so alive. I feel so great. Thank you guys so much for watching the videos and allowing me to have this opportunity just to show you guys. This was remarkable. And now it's time to eat. Comes with some salad. And I think this is Russian salad, isn't it? Yeah. Look at that. Russian salad. You got rice, chicken, some >> You've got Drew. >> Oh, you got Drew. Drew. And some desserts over here. Oh, they got pasta here, too. There's some pork and a lot of other good things. You can also make sandwiches, too. All right. Well, now we are officially done. We have to get back on the bus and make our way back to the ship so we don't miss the ship. [laughter] But we had so much fun. And this was definitely the best excursion I've ever been on. One of the best moments of my life. I had so much fun. This I'm sorry I'm talking cuz I'm I feel full of life. Like I said, I just feel so great. >> I have a special delivery that I think you're going to really like. What? >> Take your pick. >> You got some nuts. >> They're chocolate. >> Oh, we got road treats. >> One for you, Sean, and I, but you can pick whichever. This one has espresso ice cream. >> Oh, I might need the espresso. >> Try me. >> I need coffee. We got ourselves a nice little road snack. An espresso ice cream sandwich. Fancy. A >> brownie one. >> You want to try mine? >> No, I'm good. Try mine. >> You want to try mine? >> How about we bite at the same time? All right. >> You want to do it? >> No. >> Come on. >> And now it's time to make our way back on the ship. But look at that sunset happening. I have to say this was one of my favorite days I've ever got to share with you guys. It was so amazing. Well, now that we got back on the ship, I figured we go and just grab a quick bite to eat at one of the quick service locations cuz I really haven't showed you much. They have hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza, schwarma, salads, all bunch of stuff. And then uh maybe a little trivia and then dinner at Lumiè. I'm excited. Lumière is like a French themed restaurant after Beauty and the Beast. And uh it's another restaurant that I've been excited to try. I'm not the biggest fan of French cuisine only because I don't like a lot of ingredients, but I still think that there's a lot of good things on the menu, so I'm excited. But before that, I think I need to get a hot dog. I have a hot dog and then a fancy meal. Now, we're just gonna grab a quick bite to eat from the quick service locations. [music] We got Pinocchio's Pizza over there and a couple of other locations I want to grab something from. Mainly the uh Dino or Donald Diner. Of course, you can always get some ice cream. And they rotate the flavors every day. Got strawberry, vanilla, chocolate, and swirl right now. But I need some substance. I need something to eat like French fries, and chicken nuggets. They have a little diner over here. This one has a little bit of everything. Hamburgers, cheeseburger, veggie burger, fish burger, hot dog, broughtw war, chicken tenders, fries. I got myself a hamburger and some chicken strips with French fries. And I like how they cook the burgers fresh for us. That's a good looking burger actually. Cheers. It's time for some general Disney trivia before dinner. I hope we uh do pretty good. I mean, we've got enough Disney experts here. >> Who do Milan's ancestors intend to send after her before MissU accepts the job himself? >> For the most part, everything's on the honor system, but uh no one can use their phones, and I think we're doing pretty well. Everything's about Mulan, though. >> We're on the last question. We're feeling pretty confident. >> I don't know. I mean, you just said, "Thank God Sean's here with us." >> He's coming clutch with the animation. >> 15's not bad. >> We did. Give me A YIPPEE. >> YIPPEE. >> If you got a 16 out of 20, give me a Yahoo. >> We lost. We lost. [laughter] >> Yahoo. Uh, I guess now that we uh lost that trivia, we might as well start making our way to Lumiere's. And I'm starting to feel so tired. That excursion today kind of wiped me out. I mean, it was a like 8 hour excursion and four of those hours we were on the road on the bus. So, I'm feeling pretty tired, but I'm excited for some food. Lumiere is actually located in the Grand Hall here. Right as soon as you walk in, look at this. Looks very fancy and elegant. I wish I had a Beauty and the Beast shirt to wear, but I'm just going to stick to my Cocoa shirt since I'm still on the Mexico trip. Here is a look at the menu. Roasted rack of lamb. They have a fillet steak, some salmon, some slow roasted breast of chicken. But I'm excited for those desserts. And that grand maret sule. That sounds so fancy. Oh wow, look at this restaurant. I better be careful. I don't want to go stumbling down the stairs. >> Hello. Hello. The restaurant itself, like I said, is Beauty and the Beast themed, but mostly it's just that one mural back on that wall over there. I don't see a lot of other Beauty and the Beast touches. Oh, actually, I see roses in the lights. Do you see that? That looks really cool. >> The petals falling off. >> Yeah, that's actually really nice. For my appetizer, I got the duck confe. And I thought it was a duck leg, wasn't it? >> Or maybe they just shredded it up. >> They have a duck entree on the menu, too. >> Oh, cuz now it looks like pulled dart. Pulled duck. Like pulled duck. Like pulled pork. I'm going to give it a go, though. I think I've only ever had duck at Morioto. And then maybe in a bow bun, but never like this. Never pulled. Oh, wow. It's delicious. And the steak has arrived. Take a look at these potatoes. Look at that. It's got like different types of potatoes and shapes. It's mashed potatoes with round potatoes. I love it. Got to get a little potato meat combo. >> There's a funnel picture like the princess. >> Very delicious. One of my friends said the uh creme brulee sule was one of the best things on the menu. So, of course, I had to try it. Oh, and you get a fancy pour, too. >> I'm about to skip you. [laughter] Wow, look at that. >> It's like you've done this before. >> Thank you. Now, this does look Oh, it's a little hot. Don't touch it with your hands. >> It is. >> Be careful. I touched it again. I don't know what to do. I'll just pick it up by the plate. Here we go. [laughter] It looks very good and also very creamy. Oh, wow. Cheers. And they also give you a little extra in there, too, if you want. But I don't want to make it too runny. I like it just the way it is. And with that, I think that's a wrap on day four. Lumiierre's was great. The steak was the best steak I had on this cruise ship. And I've eaten steak, I think, at every single restaurant. And I'm sorry, I probably didn't really show you a lot of the restaurant. There wasn't any show or anything. It was just like an elegant dining room. And we were all tired from Chichin Icha. A dang, I really thought I was going to say it right that time. I I have a hard time pronouncing words because I get the way it sounds in my head and it sticks. Chichinita. Hey, that's pretty good. But anyh who, it was a lot. Tomorrow we have a whole day at sea and then we have dinner at Paulo, the uh signature restaurant on the ship and it's very fancy. So, we're just going to hang out, enjoy the morning, take it easy, and I'll show you guys dinner tomorrow night. And along with any other activities we do. So, uh I guess I'll see you guys in the morning for day five, our last day on the ship. Our last full day on the ship, and then we have to disembark. So, uh good night. See you in the morning. I can't believe it's the last day. And I'm kind of sad. I don't want to leave. I've only ever done three night cruises. This is the longest cruise I've ever been on. And let me tell you, five nights, I feel like I have so much time. And it's been really relaxing. Instead of just like going out and filming everything today, I kind of just like hung out by the pool, relaxed, and now I want to go grab some lunch from the buffet and show you what the lunch is like there. And then tonight, we have the fancy dinner, the Paulo dinner. And I am so excited. We have Paulo uh brunch I think uh on the uh Disney Destiny, but now we're going to have dinner tonight and that's going to be a really cool experience. You know, it's one of those establishments you got to take your hat off, wear pants, and the food is probably going to be amazing. So, I don't want to eat too much at lunch. Just want to hold me over and then we're going to probably end the video because tomorrow morning we have to disembark. But I think Paulo for dinner is the perfect way to end the video. Here is a look at the lunch buffet. We've got some mac and cheese and corn dog nuggets, French fries and split pea soup. And then they've got the good stuff down here. Look at grilled shrimp. Oh man, that shrimp looks amazing actually. And then a grilled snapper over on this side. Oh, and they got meatloaf. Ma, the meatloaf. I'm going to have to get that meatloaf. They have the stuff on top that tells you what it is, but it wraps all the way around. They got palenta right there. Some ravioli. And uh this looks like it's Oh, rice and beans. And then they have a carving station. Oh, what's this? Turkey. Oh, no. It's a duck. Asian duck along with some honey ham and some carrots and broccoli. Oh, honey glazed ham. I'll take some ham. Yes, sir. That looks very glazed. The buffet can get a little crazy in there, so I didn't really show you everything they have, but I grabbed a good selection of a little bit of everything. Look at this. Oh. Oh, I almost lost all that. I got some shrimp, some of that honey baked ham, the meatloaf, and this is grilled turkey. Look at those with the grill lines on it along with some vegetable stir fries. Are these mini corn on the cobs? Is that >> corn dog nuggets? >> Oh, they're corn dog nuggets. This one. But what about this? >> Yeah, that's a baby corn. >> Oh, it's a little baby corn. So, we're going to dive on in. I like the lunch buffet here, though. I feel like they have a great variety. Meatloaf, shrimp, turkey, ham, duck. The one thing I love about the buffet is this shrimp. Look at that. And it's sauteed and I think in peppers and onions. Oh, yeah. You get peppers, onions, everything. And I like to do the Poland peel. Look at that. Easily removed. They also have a bunch of quick service restaurants that uh you can just come up and grab whatever you want. They have Pinocchio's pizza station here making pizza. The quick service and lunch buffet is pretty good, but I definitely like all the food options on the Wish class ships more. I didn't want to eat too much because like I said, we're going to Paulo and I figured I'd wear uh my uh red Mickey shirt again. Like I said, this uh restaurant is very fancy. No hat. Got to wear some pants. And I kind of like this. This is like my fancy shirt. So, we're going to head on down, meet up with Sean, Kristen, and Kristen's mom, and just enjoy a nice little steak dinner. Paulo is actually located on the 10th floor, and it looks so fancy up here. Good evening, sir. Are you ready to dine with us here at Paulo? >> Yes. >> Well, fantastic. I have a great table for you and your friends. >> Oh, I'm excited. >> Come with me. >> Thank you, chef. >> Oh, I feel like we're getting a special treatment here. >> Let me get the rest of the party. >> Okay. >> Uh, the right party. The right party. TABLE FOR [laughter] table for right party. >> [laughter] >> I know today has been just kind of a relaxing day. It's the last day on the ship and I kind of am just excited to hang out with my friends, enjoy a nice little dinner, so I'm not too sure how much I'm going to film, but I'm definitely going to show you all the food. Look at how beautiful the sunset is, though. Wow. Also, this is my first time being on a cruise ship without doing any of the water slides. They have this main one right here and then they have one of those drop ones, but I think I'm a little too afraid to do the drop one. I like the Aqua Mouse because it's kind of like a roller coaster water slide. These are a little bit different cuz like I said, this is the oldest ship Disney uh has in their fleet, but it's just such a beautiful night. Honestly, I wish I spent more time up here. It's so beautiful. The chef is here. >> Welcome to treat me like everybody else, please. >> Chef is here. >> They didn't tell me the hat. >> Oh, I didn't even know they had a bar in here. Look at this restaurant. Wow. What amazing views, too. The dining room is so beautiful in here. And it's a sunset happening right now. So, we have such an amazing view as we enjoy a nice little fancy meal. And uh I even got myself a little sparkling water. And the cups are fancy. They're all different colors. I got yellow. >> You got blue. >> Look at this. >> Cheers. >> That is so fancy, Chef. Here is a look at the menu. They have a uh what do you call this? It's like a course meal for 50 $55. You get to pick one of each of these. But honestly, I think I just want to go big and I want to get something memorable. So, I might be trying this 28 oz dry age prime Angus Porterhouse steak for $80. And uh maybe a couple of sides, maybe some of the whipped Yukon Gold potato puree and grilled asparagus. How about the sides are only $6 in a steakhouse? That would be $20 sides right there. This is actually very affordable compared to a steakhouse prices >> cuz they kind of build in the prices with the price of your cruise. >> Yeah, cuz you're eating for free. >> Yeah, you could get a included meal tonight or you can pay a little bit extra. So, the prices are definitely like way more affordable than your regular restaurant on land. Even though we got the sparkling water, my favorite thing is the iced tea because the ice cubes are frozen iced tea cubes, so it never gets watered down and it's so delicious. >> What is with this cruise ship and their giant shrimp? Look at that. That's the fried calamari there. That literally looks like the best fried calamari I think I've ever seen. This could be literally my favorite calamari I've ever had. It's light and it's not too mushy. It's got good, you know, consistency to it, but I really like the red sauce. Oh, I tried a little bit of that penny pasta and it was amazing. >> I don't know how to express how amazing this meal looks right now. I'm surrounded by my sides. I have a 28 oz porterhouse steak in front of me. Look at this. Here's the fried potatoes. And these are only $6 a piece. There's the mashed potatoes. And then I got some asparagus cuz I want to be a little healthy. And then I got the big steak. Look at this. And I love that they cut it up. Add a little tomato on there. I'm definitely not going to be able to eat all this. And everyone else got a lot of food, too. So, we're going to we're going to do our best, but I feel like we're going to be walking out of here very full and very sleepy. >> Yes, chef. >> You're welcome. >> I'm going to go a little steak mashed potato combination first, but then I want to mix it up with the asparagus. And I like how I got two different potatoes, mashed and fried. The steak itself is just so amazing. Definitely. I think I uh I I probably took on more than I can bite, literally. [laughter] And uh I'm going to do my best. But these right here, these little potato sticks, I love these things. They are so good. I like them a little bit better than the potatoes, but I like to kind of use the potato puree as like a sauce. Put a little potato on the steak. This one I just want to snack on them. I'm a steak and potato kind of guy. What can I say? >> Okay. So, I'll just open it like that. >> Oh, wow. >> Okay. And then serve with some white espresso, gelato, and vanilla sauce. You want me to pour the sauce for you? >> Sure. >> Perfect. May I? >> That looks delicious. >> Please do enjoy. Thank you. >> Oh, it's hot. >> It's really [laughter] like >> I touched it with my hand. >> Okay, I'm getting a big bite here. >> Oh, thank you. >> Wow. >> Just enjoy. >> Thank you so much. >> Sean is over there table touching, making sure everyone is enjoying their meals. [laughter] Please, >> how's everything? Everything to your liking? >> It's amazing. >> Good, good, good. I'm glad you hear that. >> And with that, I think we are done here today. I am so sad. It's the end of the cruise. Paulo was amazing. All of the food, everyone was just raving about it. Even my steak. I mean, I was sharing it around. And uh we were even lucky to dine with a chef as we uh enjoyed all of the meal they prepared. And uh I honestly feel like this was such an amazing cruise for me. And I definitely want to do all of the cruises now. Let me know what you guys think. Let me know what you think of the ship. Uh and uh I hope that uh you guys enjoyed the video. Tomorrow we got to disembark and make our way back to Florida, back to Walt Disney World. So, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
