---
video_id: dF0QQAol7VM
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Magic Kingdom 2026 | Easter Crowds, New Food & Ride Updates | $45 Lightning Lane | Disney"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dF0QQAol7VM
---
Hey friends, today we are hanging out in the Magic Kingdom and I am so excited. There are a bunch of new snacks in the park. Easter is just around the corner and I want to ride the new Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin and share all of my experiences with you. So, we're going to eat some food, ride some rides, and have a beautiful Magic Kingdom kind of day. Anyho, let's go do this. It is such a beautiful spring day here in Florida. Temperatures are in the high 70s. We've got some wind and I'm excited to explore around the park and show you all the new things happening. Because we're in between spring break and Easter, the parks are super busy at the moment and I had to buy the Lightning Lane pass for $45 and I think that's the most I paid for that level of pass. But I wanted to guarantee I get on Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. It just recently reopened and it's very popular. So, I was able to get a Lightning Lane for that along with a couple of others. And like I said, there's tons of new snacks in the park. So, it's going to be a fun day and there's lots to show you. One of the biggest changes in the park is the new paint job on the castle. And this is my first time seeing it. I think it looks great. Let me know what you guys think. They had it kind of like an iridescent or like a pinkish before, but now I really like the gray and blue. It's definitely like the original Cinderella Castle, but you guys let me know what you think. Whenever I book my Lightning Lane passes, I take whatever they offer first and then go in and modify it. And I was able to move Buzz Lightyear from 3:00 p.m. to 12. So that's literally in just a couple of minutes. And I want to do a big lap around the park, go land by land, try some of the new food, and hopefully ride a ride or two. And Tomorrowland seems like the perfect start. It honestly looks pretty empty in tomorrow land. Look at this. Nobody's over here, but I think that's because the Festival of Fantasy just started, so everyone's watching the parade while I get on all the rides. I also wore this Roosevelt shirt cuz I knew I was going on Buzz Lightyear today. And I don't even see Buzz on it. I see Buzz like once, but I see Zerg more than anything. But he's on the ride, too. So, it's kind of like a Zerg shirt. Since our lightning lane for Buzz Lightyear isn't for a couple of minutes, I want to go grab one of the treats I've been wanting to try here at the launching pad. It's a special like cinnamon bubble bread and it's not that new, but I just never got the chance to actually try it. It looks amazing though. It's like a cross between bread pudding and cinnamon rolls. You know, I had to get a pre-space Ranger snack. And this bubble bread looks amazing. Look at that. And they just dumped the caramel sauce right on it. And it looks like it's pull- aart bread. So, I'm going to try to pull it apart. But I do have a fork just in case. So, I'll put it in my hat just for safekeeping. So, here we go. Let me just set this up here. Oh, boy. This is going to be a mess. Well, look at this. Yep. It fell apart really easy. They kind of look like Hawaiian rolls. And it's soft but with a little crunchy texture to it. So, cheers. Cheers to Space Rangers. I probably should have used a fork cuz now I got sticky fingers. But overall, I love this bread. It's very sweet and very heavy on the caramel, but I would get it again. And it's literally right outside Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin. So, it's the perfect Space Ranger snack. I basically stayed away from any spoilers for the new Buzz Lightyear because I want to show you guys and experience it myself. So, I don't even know if you could still be a Galactic Hero. And I hope that they fix the Buzz Lightyear animatronic in the queue. We have a lightning lane, but I'm going to still see if we can see it because sometimes the lightning lane passes you. Well, you passed the animatronic without being able to see it. So, we're going to finish up here and then uh start making our way over to Buzz. Start making our WAY OVER TO BUZZ with a little Space Ranger spin snack. Wow. See, now I'm happy we ended up getting the Lightning Lane for Buzz Lightyear cuz it definitely looks longer than 40 minutes. That's the queue over there. And it's literally full all the way through and through. Hey man, nice seeing you again. Look at that. Holy moly. But like I said, we got our lightning lane. So, we get to just head right on in. And I like the outside. It looks like they definitely, you know, did a little bit on the upkeep over here. And uh hopefully we get to see the new uh Buzz the animatronic in there. It smells like a new car in here. Fresh paint. Oh, I see Buzz. He's over there, though. Like I said, when you do the Lightning Lane, you kind of get uh skipped out on seeing the cool animatronics. How you doing? Just one. >> You got it. Enjoy the ride. >> Thank you. Oh, I can see them. Updated ride vehicles. Laser blasters that move around. Oh, I'm excited. This was a much needed refurb, and I'm happy we finally got it. The fact that we have these laser blasters makes me so excited to ride this ride more. Look at this. They can move around. You can shoot all over the place. >> Wow. This is fancy. Oh, >> I'm going to try to get a high score, but I just want to enjoy the ride. >> Oh, I GOT IT. OH, WOW. IT LIGHTS UP. SO COOL. Everyone stay together. >> Got to get all those good spots. His head is bouncing up and down. Hey, I'm headed. WHY IS IT NOT COUNTING? Give me the points. Oh, we got to spin around. >> Wow, this might be my favorite room here. Got to hit the top of the volcano. I can't get it. Oh no. >> I'm switching teams. I'm going on this side now. >> Wow. It's much harder to do this on uh onehanded. Look at this guy. You can actually just hold the trigger in and it'll fire. I've been just going one, one, one, one, but go like this. Just like that. Wow, this looks a lot better. You ruin everything. >> He's trying to flash us, so we miss. Kick back. I'll bring you in for landing. Well, I definitely don't think I was a galactic hero, but at least it tells you now. Solar navigator and astro aviator aviator. I don't know how to read. But look at these are the ones. We got to get that galactic hero button. Well, Buzz Lightyear exceeded all of my expectations. And like I've been saying for a while, I've always considered the Buzz Lightyear here at the Magic Kingdom in Florida probably one of the worst versions of the ride. I've been to all the different parks around the world and the Buzz Lightyear in like California, Tokyo, Disneyland was always way better because they had the cool Astro Blasters in different scenes. And finally, we get a contender. I can I honestly would definitely now ride Buzz Lightyear Year a lot more. It used to be one of my least favorite rides in the park, but now I kind of love it. Now that we used our first Lightning Lane, I can book another one. But it doesn't look like anything's available until later on. It's 12:58 now, and the next current uh attraction is like 3:00. Look at 3:55 for Dumbo. And I keep refreshing. All you got to do is pull down on this screen right here, and you'll see the times change if there's any availability, but it's looking like it's pretty sold out at the moment. 7:00 now for the Barntormer. 9:45 for Haunted Mansion. Jungle Cruise is not available. So, we'll just have to walk around and hopefully we'll get lucky. But, I'll keep checking. You got to keep refreshing. That's the uh trick to getting the good lightning lanes. I don't know what happened. We went from a little busy to holy moly, it's very busy in the park today. And I can start to see like all of the crowds. And you know, it's expected. It's Easter weekend and spring break, so everyone wants to be in the park, including me. I have a feeling these wait times are not matching up with the lines. 70 minutes for Seven Doors Mine Train. And look at how long the line is. It's literally going way past the teacups here. Like, there's no way this is 70 minutes. This is a very long, long line. And it does look like Winnie the Pooh is only 35 minutes. The queue seems pretty empty there, but that's definitely not 70 with only a 35minut for Winnie the Pooh right now. I think we're going to hop in line. I bought the Lightning Lane and now I'm doing the standby. Look, there's no queue in here at all. And this queue is really cool cuz it's interactive. You can play around with things. Look, you got beats, tomatoes, and these are little drums here. Oh, somebody forgot their hat. I don't know whose hat this is. Oh, it's Ryan's. We'll just leave it right there for Ryan. And look over here. You can actually play with this, too. I don't know what that does, but I do like it. I really hope Ryan finds his hat. I wanted to leave it where he might have lost it, cuz mostly people will go back to where they lost it first. And if not, somebody will pick it up and probably turn it in by the end of the night. This is a cool wall. Just make sure you got your hand sanitizer ready. Yep. You kind of just move it away. I think I see rabbit right here. I got as clear as head. There he is. Very sticky. Very, very sticky. If you wipe good enough, you'll actually find poop. I'm glad we hopped in line when we did cuz look at the line now. And also, it looks like Ryan found his hat. I'm happy he got his hat back. Oh, look at this. In which we join Pooh and his friends. food. You will never reach that free. Oh dear. Hang on tightly. Rule. for me, doesn't it? Sorry. Right. Heat. Heat. Apple some pop, but the huffle up and woozles is my favorite part. Heat. Heat. At last, the rain went away and everyone gathered together to sing. >> Hooray! >> I think we're stuck in the rain room. >> At last, the rain went away and everyone gathered together to say, >> "Hooray!" I was ready for it that time. Well, enough of the poo business, but I'm glad we got to ride. That's one of those rides that can turn a bad day into a good day. I just love riding it. And now I want to keep moving along and make our way over to Pinocchio cuz I hear they got a Pinocchio dessert there. Pinocchio's Village House is one of my favorite quick service restaurants just for the ambience. I like to go sit up on the second level there and just people watch, but it looks like there's some people up there. Ooh, and then here's the dessert I was talking about. the Pinocchio Cookie Tart. And they also have flatbreads and chicken strips, but I'm coming for the tart. I ended up getting a seat on the second level, like I said. And here it is, the Pinocchio cookie tart. It looks really, really good, too. And I think that's cookie dough on the top there. They give you some cookie dough uh kind of like nibblets there. So, we're going to dive on in. I forgot to grab a fork or a knife, so I think we're just going to bite into it. You know, give it a bite into the Pinocchio cookie. So, here we go. Cheers. Wow. There's actually a cookie inside the tart here. I wasn't expecting that. Like the tart shell itself isn't a cookie, but there's a cookie on the bottom there. And I like it a lot. Look at the view. This is what I was talking about. Isn't it so nice up here? Get to see people riding the carousel. It's a beautiful day out, too. I'm not sure what this cream is on the top there, but I took my uh Pinocchio chocolate and kind of scooped it in there. Oh, maybe I'll get a piece of the uh cookie dough. Look at that. Here's a better look at the cookie like I was talking about. It definitely is separate. It's literally like a chocolate chip cookie in there. But overall, I really like this and I'm glad we got to try it. Now we got to keep moving along. Since we already kind of had something to eat and rode a ride in Fantasy Land, might as well make our way down to Liberty Square for Easter. It looks like Mr. and Mrs. Bunny are doing photos at Bunny Lane Garden. Look at that. They got a nice little setup underneath the gazebo there. And the lines up a little long. Not too bad. It's on the other side here. But it's just cool seeing them. I like their outfits, too. I don't know if they're just here for Easter weekend, but it's just really cool that they're, you know, in the park doing photos and it's right next to Liberty Square. It's uh where they normally have the evil stepsisters and a couple of other meet and greets. I just like that gazebo area. I would wait in line to actually see the Easter Bunny, but like I said, I think it's about an hour wait and the queue is a little bit small, so you got to be out in the sun for a while. And I'm not about that today, especially with not much like cloud coverage. So, we're going to keep moving along, making our way through Frontier Land. I'm not having any luck getting any Lightning Lanes, but I wouldn't mind maybe checking and getting something savory to eat. We've had a lot of sweet treats already, but I need like food food. It's so strange. I literally just walked through Liberty Square and there was almost nobody. And then we start making our way to Frontier Land. You can see how busy it actually starts getting. I don't know if I should get something to eat at like one of the quick service locations or if we should wait and maybe go to one of the restaurants outside the park only because I feel like it's getting busier as the day goes. We got here nice and early and it wasn't that bad, but now things are starting to pick up a little bit and it's getting hot outside and I can't get on any of the rides. I wish we could do Tiana's cuz that's a good way to cool off. But we'll cut through there and make our way through Adventure Land since they put up the wall here where the new Cars Land is coming. It's actually quiet and I love walking through this way. It's a lot better than walking right down in the middle of Frontier Land. There's like tons of crowds over there. We got the whole walkway to ourselves. Look at this over here. And you get a nice shot of Tiana's Bayou Adventure in front of us. We might go uh look into POS Bills. I want to see what they got on the menu. And maybe check out the beignetes. Ooh, and Country Bear Jamboree if it's not a long line. I really feel like I paid the $45 just to ride Buzz Lightyear because all of the wait times are way too high and I can't book any more Lightning Lane passes until later on tonight, like 8 or 9:00. That's 7 hours from now. So, uh, I guess Country Bear Jamboree and all the walk-on rides for me. You can always count on the country bear jamboree for a hoot and holland good time and an 8minute wait. So we're going to go in and watch the show. A wild woolly good time. I never really paid attention to this glass case over here, but I love all of the bear references. Barry Poppins with Trixie and Ernest the dude. And then you look down here, they got some magazines. Country Bear Living, hibernation, some letters over here. I love you. So, Teddy is my favorite. Barilla. Look at that. It's really cool. And you got Big Al's paw prints right there. Everyone loves Big Al. The Country Bear Jamboree is also a really good way to get out of the heat and soak up some AC. And it's just a show. Sit down, watch a couple bears play some instrument, and sing some songs. You can't go wrong with that. >> Over here. Sorry. >> OKAY, EVERYBODY. NOW we're ready to start. Give us a little intro there. Go. Howdy, folks. Welcome to the one and only original country band, Musical Tambourine, featuring a wilder saltman of grizzled old grizzlies singing a little country, a little western, and a whole lot of everything in between. So get those balls tapping and those claws clapping for five bears who need no introduction, but I'll give one anyway. Let's hear it for the five bear rocks. Our next performer used to play with the mineral cate, but he's here now. A furry firestorm of Finland Fidian Fury. Take it away, Ernest. Where do you come from? >> I can show you the world. Now, when did you last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes. >> Well, folks, I'd say that's a rendition we'll remember for a long time. Now, how about we do one of my favorites? You got a friend in me. Okay. I had to say goodbye. Remember, >> we've had so fun we're going to cry. Just get there to say goodbye. We hope that you'll be coming back again. >> Don't forget to gather your belongings >> and your kids, too. >> The Country Bear Jamberee got me nice and cooled off. I love the new edition that they did. The songs are all like kind of IP, like you know, Disney songs, but I think what they did with the animatronics were amazing. makes their facial expressions move around more often. And before they redid it, they were like barely hanging on. Barely hanging on. But now we're going to keep moving along and make our way through Adventure Land. I wanted to ride Pirates of the Caribbean, but I think that's another very long line. I don't think those wait times are adding up. There is no way this is a 45minute wait. Look at this. Holy moly. The line is all outdoors here and it's going all the way in the back there even. Well, unfortunately, I think I'm going to call it quits on trying to get on any more attractions. I guess you know, as they say, if you plan and fail, then it doesn't matter cuz you were probably going to fail anyways. But I still had a lot of fun. And I want to start making my way down Main Street USA so we can see if they have any Easter snacks in the emporium. And then we got to figure out dinner. You can always count on the Main Street Confectionary for some seasonal sweet treats. And I definitely saw some like Easter Bunny caramel apples. Actually, they have some prepackaged ones right here already. Look at this. These were the Easter Bunnies I was talking about. Look at that. Well, it's not Easter Bunny, but it's Easter colors. They got a Rice Krispie treat. Oh, but they got the good stuff behind the counter in the glass over here. Look at this. And they actually have a bunch of little bunnies. Even an Easter like spring mix they got going on there and some cookies over here. Look at that. Oh yeah, there's the sugar cookies right here. Mickey uh sugar cookies. And it's like a just a regular cookie with Easter like theming to it. And then you got Oh, is this a strawberry cookie sandwich in the back there? Wow, they got a lot of really good new treats. A cherry candy apple. Wow. I don't know. I don't need one, but I kind of want one. Well, I couldn't pass up the temptation of an Easter sweet treat. So, I got the classic, the Easter Bunny candy apple. Look at how awesome this is. It's actually an Easter Bunny Mickey candy apple. There's four ears on here. You got two ear bunnies and then you got two Mickey Mouse ears. Isn't that really funny? And uh it was $14.99. Isn't that not funny? It was so expensive. But, I mean, it's the only like Easter bunny treat. The rest of them were just Easter themed colors. So, I definitely wanted to try it. So, we're going to dive on in. Of course, ears first. Ooh, white chocolate marshmallow. One of my favorite Easter candies growing up was the chocolate carrot. Has any of you guys ever had like a chocolate carrot for uh Easter? And these uh Easter uh Easter bunny ears, Easter bunny ears taste just like the chocolate carrots. And I think that's so cool. I haven't gone to the apple yet, but I hear the Festival of Fantasy starting, so I was thinking maybe we'll go watch the parade and enjoy our apple uh in the sunlight. The Festival of Fantasy parade is their everyday parade. But during Easter, they actually have a special Easter parade, and I think it's only like the weekend of Easter, the day before and the day of. So, if you do come to the parks on Easter, uh, at least you have to look forward to is a special parade. So, we're going to go get a spot and, uh, enjoy the show. But, I do want to I want to bite into it. Just one one bite before we go. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. And just like that, we are back home. It was great to watch the Festival of Fantasy parade. You know, a lot of things I never really stop and just watch like I used to only because like you're, you know, on the go go go go. But I love that parade and it was awesome to just kind of enjoy it with a nice Easter candy egg. And I hope that you guys have a happy Easter. One thing I really wish I could have done this year is an Easter egg hunt. I feel like I haven't done one of those in years, but it was always fun. Didn't you guys love going to Easter egg hunts? Like my fire uh house used to have one in my old town. They used to have an Easter egg hunt every single year and we used to run around the woods looking for Easter eggs with candy. Sometimes they would have silver dollars or dollar bills inside of it. It was such a cool experience. We need to bring that back. We need like adult Easter egging. I would love to do something like that. But overall, I had a great day and I'm happy that I got back out in the parks. This is uh been the longest I've actually been out in the parks, you know, or away from the parks. Uh I'm still kind of healing up and I wanted to stick around a little bit more, but it started getting a little hot and I don't want to overdo it. So, I just uh decided to head home and I got to enjoy everything today. And even though I didn't get to ride a lot of the rides, I got to go on the new Buzz Lightyear and I thought that was amazing. It was such a great upgrade. And overall, like I said, I had an amazing day. Anytime I get to go hang out the parks and make a video, share with you guys all the cool things going on is a a pretty amazing day for me. So, I hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh we'll see you next time. Bye. Sadly, little Gracie girl is not with me. She's on a Easter vacation. And I wanted to show you guys some of the cool new things I added to the house. I finally got the uh 1930s Pinocchio mask framed. Look how cool those are. And I thought that's a perfect way to lay them out. And then also, I'm still kind of getting Graciey's error area squared away with all my Dalm Dalmatian memorabilia. This, of course, is my prized possession. This is an uh pup uh an actual like puppet pup that they used in the making of 101 Dalmatians, the liveaction one. You know, they didn't actually have 101 Dalmatians, so they used these standin pups. And I know it looks a little ratty and beat up, but that's because I rescued it. It was in a warehouse fire. You can kind of see some of the spots here a little bit, but uh this was made by Jim Henson's Creature Studio for the movie and uh we're talking about kind of uh you know giving it a makeover and trying to preserve it. But it's really awesome that you know I got to save two Dalmatians in my lifetime. And I wish Gracie was here to show you, but like I said, she's away for uh Easter weekend. So next time I'll show you. But now I just wanted to keep you a little updated.
