---
video_id: fzC7lzwPwn0
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney’s Magic Kingdom 2026 | Frontierland BIG Changes, New Food & Park Update | Walt Disney World"
published: 2026-01-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzC7lzwPwn0
---
Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Hey friends, today we are hanging out in Hey friends, today we are hanging out in the Magic Kingdom. And now that it's the Magic Kingdom. And now that it's the Magic Kingdom. And now that it's officially 2026, I wanted to take you officially 2026, I wanted to take you officially 2026, I wanted to take you around the park and show you all the big around the park and show you all the big around the park and show you all the big changes happening in the upcoming year changes happening in the upcoming year changes happening in the upcoming year in case you plan on coming and visiting. in case you plan on coming and visiting. in case you plan on coming and visiting. And then also, I want to try some of the And then also, I want to try some of the And then also, I want to try some of the new snacks and talk about the things I'm new snacks and talk about the things I'm new snacks and talk about the things I'm most excited for. So, we're going to eat most excited for. So, we're going to eat most excited for. So, we're going to eat some food, ride some rides, and have a some food, ride some rides, and have a some food, ride some rides, and have a beautiful Magic Kingdom kind of day. beautiful Magic Kingdom kind of day. beautiful Magic Kingdom kind of day. Anywho, let's go do this. I couldn't Anywho, let's go do this. I couldn't Anywho, let's go do this. I couldn't have asked for a better day to be have asked for a better day to be have asked for a better day to be hanging out in the Magic Kingdom. hanging out in the Magic Kingdom. hanging out in the Magic Kingdom. Temperatures are in the low 60s and Temperatures are in the low 60s and Temperatures are in the low 60s and we've got blue skies and sunshine and we've got blue skies and sunshine and we've got blue skies and sunshine and I'm excited to take you around and show I'm excited to take you around and show I'm excited to take you around and show you all of the big changes happening in you all of the big changes happening in you all of the big changes happening in the park in the upcoming year. And the park in the upcoming year. And the park in the upcoming year. And there's a lot to be excited about. We've there's a lot to be excited about. We've there's a lot to be excited about. We've got new lands, new attractions, new got new lands, new attractions, new got new lands, new attractions, new dining experiences, and I kind of want dining experiences, and I kind of want dining experiences, and I kind of want to show you a little bit of everything. to show you a little bit of everything. to show you a little bit of everything. I think we're going to do just one big I think we're going to do just one big I think we're going to do just one big lap around the Magic Kingdom and go land lap around the Magic Kingdom and go land lap around the Magic Kingdom and go land by land talking about some of the big by land talking about some of the big by land talking about some of the big changes happening and giving you an idea changes happening and giving you an idea changes happening and giving you an idea of what the lands look like right now. of what the lands look like right now. of what the lands look like right now. Because I have a feeling by the end of Because I have a feeling by the end of Because I have a feeling by the end of looking completely different. And I looking completely different. And I looking completely different. And I figured while we're at it, maybe grab a figured while we're at it, maybe grab a figured while we're at it, maybe grab a snack or two and ride some rides and snack or two and ride some rides and snack or two and ride some rides and just enjoy a beautiful day in the park. just enjoy a beautiful day in the park. just enjoy a beautiful day in the park. So, I think we're going to start by So, I think we're going to start by So, I think we're going to start by making our way right down Main Street, making our way right down Main Street, making our way right down Main Street, USA. Oh, that kind of rhymed. I like USA. Oh, that kind of rhymed. I like USA. Oh, that kind of rhymed. I like that. I guess we can start with some of that. I guess we can start with some of that. I guess we can start with some of the biggest news for 2026. They're going the biggest news for 2026. They're going the biggest news for 2026. They're going to be changing the castle. They're to be changing the castle. They're to be changing the castle. They're actually repainting it to kind of like a actually repainting it to kind of like a actually repainting it to kind of like a vintage Cinderella castle. And honestly, vintage Cinderella castle. And honestly, vintage Cinderella castle. And honestly, I'm here for it. I saw the concept art I'm here for it. I saw the concept art I'm here for it. I saw the concept art and it does look very beautiful and and it does look very beautiful and and it does look very beautiful and reminds me of my uh trips to Disney, you reminds me of my uh trips to Disney, you reminds me of my uh trips to Disney, you know, in the earlier years. So, I'm kind know, in the earlier years. So, I'm kind know, in the earlier years. So, I'm kind of excited about that. But let me know of excited about that. But let me know of excited about that. But let me know what you guys think. Like I said, I grew what you guys think. Like I said, I grew what you guys think. Like I said, I grew up with that. Like kind of like blue and up with that. Like kind of like blue and up with that. Like kind of like blue and grayish right now. I don't even know grayish right now. I don't even know grayish right now. I don't even know what it's called. It kind of looks like what it's called. It kind of looks like what it's called. It kind of looks like rose gold. I'm not really good at rose gold. I'm not really good at rose gold. I'm not really good at describing colors, but you know, visuals describing colors, but you know, visuals describing colors, but you know, visuals is what I'm good at. And the picture I is what I'm good at. And the picture I is what I'm good at. And the picture I see for the concept, I think it looks see for the concept, I think it looks see for the concept, I think it looks better than the one we got now. But let better than the one we got now. But let better than the one we got now. But let me know in the comments. And uh now me know in the comments. And uh now me know in the comments. And uh now let's keep moving along. Starting our let's keep moving along. Starting our let's keep moving along. Starting our day. Now I want to make my way into day. Now I want to make my way into day. Now I want to make my way into Tomorrowland. And there's actually a lot Tomorrowland. And there's actually a lot Tomorrowland. And there's actually a lot of big changes coming to Tomorrowland, of big changes coming to Tomorrowland, of big changes coming to Tomorrowland, and I'm excited. I feel like it needs and I'm excited. I feel like it needs and I'm excited. I feel like it needs some love. I mean, it's my favorite land some love. I mean, it's my favorite land some love. I mean, it's my favorite land out of all of them, mainly because of out of all of them, mainly because of out of all of them, mainly because of the people mover, but uh I I always the people mover, but uh I I always the people mover, but uh I I always think I want it to be a little bit more think I want it to be a little bit more think I want it to be a little bit more futuristic, even though, you know, you futuristic, even though, you know, you futuristic, even though, you know, you know, I feel like that retro futuristic know, I feel like that retro futuristic know, I feel like that retro futuristic is kind of what it's like. I want to be is kind of what it's like. I want to be is kind of what it's like. I want to be futuristic. I want to see like cool futuristic. I want to see like cool futuristic. I want to see like cool technology and stuff like that. And one technology and stuff like that. And one technology and stuff like that. And one of the ones I'm super excited for is the of the ones I'm super excited for is the of the ones I'm super excited for is the new Buzz Lightyear. It's actually closed new Buzz Lightyear. It's actually closed new Buzz Lightyear. It's actually closed right now at the moment. And I love how right now at the moment. And I love how right now at the moment. And I love how the doors say operations suspended. But the doors say operations suspended. But the doors say operations suspended. But like I said, it's set to open, I think, like I said, it's set to open, I think, like I said, it's set to open, I think, spring this year. And we're talking spring this year. And we're talking spring this year. And we're talking about new animatronics, new ride about new animatronics, new ride about new animatronics, new ride vehicles, new astro blasters. It's going vehicles, new astro blasters. It's going vehicles, new astro blasters. It's going to be amazing and definitely much to be amazing and definitely much to be amazing and definitely much needed. I am so excited for the new Buzz needed. I am so excited for the new Buzz needed. I am so excited for the new Buzz Lightyear attraction. Like I said, Lightyear attraction. Like I said, Lightyear attraction. Like I said, they're going to be adding new they're going to be adding new they're going to be adding new animatronics, new ride vehicles, and animatronics, new ride vehicles, and animatronics, new ride vehicles, and I've been on like four different I've been on like four different I've been on like four different versions of a Buzz Lightyear ride. And I versions of a Buzz Lightyear ride. And I versions of a Buzz Lightyear ride. And I got to say, the one here in Walt Disney got to say, the one here in Walt Disney got to say, the one here in Walt Disney World is probably the worst. The one in World is probably the worst. The one in World is probably the worst. The one in Tokyo was so awesome. And even Tokyo was so awesome. And even Tokyo was so awesome. And even Disneyland's one, at least they actually Disneyland's one, at least they actually Disneyland's one, at least they actually had Astro Blasters that you can pick up had Astro Blasters that you can pick up had Astro Blasters that you can pick up and move around. So, that's going to be and move around. So, that's going to be and move around. So, that's going to be a real nice touch and something I think a real nice touch and something I think a real nice touch and something I think Tomorrowland needs a lot. And you know, Tomorrowland needs a lot. And you know, Tomorrowland needs a lot. And you know, something else I wanted to do while something else I wanted to do while something else I wanted to do while we're here in Tomorrowland is go try we're here in Tomorrowland is go try we're here in Tomorrowland is go try some astronaut food. They actually sell some astronaut food. They actually sell some astronaut food. They actually sell space food in the uh gift shop for Space space food in the uh gift shop for Space space food in the uh gift shop for Space Mountain. The line for Space Mountain is Mountain. The line for Space Mountain is Mountain. The line for Space Mountain is actually coming all the way out of the actually coming all the way out of the actually coming all the way out of the queue. It says it's a 50minute wait, but queue. It says it's a 50minute wait, but queue. It says it's a 50minute wait, but that looks like it's longer than 50 that looks like it's longer than 50 that looks like it's longer than 50 minutes. And what I was talking about minutes. And what I was talking about minutes. And what I was talking about before, they sell astronaut food in the before, they sell astronaut food in the before, they sell astronaut food in the gift shop for Space Mountain. So, I want gift shop for Space Mountain. So, I want gift shop for Space Mountain. So, I want to go in and show you guys right inside to go in and show you guys right inside to go in and show you guys right inside the Space Mountain gift shop. They have the Space Mountain gift shop. They have the Space Mountain gift shop. They have the astronaut food I was talking about. the astronaut food I was talking about. the astronaut food I was talking about. They have a Neapolitan ice cream They have a Neapolitan ice cream They have a Neapolitan ice cream sandwich, a vanilla, and a mint sandwich, a vanilla, and a mint sandwich, a vanilla, and a mint chocolate chip. And these are chocolate chip. And these are chocolate chip. And these are freeze-dried ready to eat space food. freeze-dried ready to eat space food. freeze-dried ready to eat space food. NASA approved. I've always wanted to try NASA approved. I've always wanted to try NASA approved. I've always wanted to try it. So, I think I think we're going to it. So, I think I think we're going to it. So, I think I think we're going to do some astronaut tasting or some do some astronaut tasting or some do some astronaut tasting or some astronaut food tasting. I am so excited. astronaut food tasting. I am so excited. astronaut food tasting. I am so excited. I've never had any of this astronaut I've never had any of this astronaut I've never had any of this astronaut food before. And I got the mint food before. And I got the mint food before. And I got the mint chocolate chip one and I also got the chocolate chip one and I also got the chocolate chip one and I also got the Neapolitan one because I wanted to try Neapolitan one because I wanted to try Neapolitan one because I wanted to try them both. But isn't this kind of like a them both. But isn't this kind of like a them both. But isn't this kind of like a fun, you know, like fun snack to do, fun, you know, like fun snack to do, fun, you know, like fun snack to do, especially after you ride Space especially after you ride Space especially after you ride Space Mountain. And I think they were like Mountain. And I think they were like Mountain. And I think they were like $6.99 a piece. And it's an ice cream $6.99 a piece. And it's an ice cream $6.99 a piece. And it's an ice cream sandwich. I think that's the same price sandwich. I think that's the same price sandwich. I think that's the same price for a Mickey premium bar. So, let's dive for a Mickey premium bar. So, let's dive for a Mickey premium bar. So, let's dive on in. I'm going to do the mint on in. I'm going to do the mint on in. I'm going to do the mint chocolate chip one first. chocolate chip one first. chocolate chip one first. It looks just like an ice cream It looks just like an ice cream It looks just like an ice cream sandwich, but like freeze-dried. Look at sandwich, but like freeze-dried. Look at sandwich, but like freeze-dried. Look at that. Should we give it a break down the that. Should we give it a break down the that. Should we give it a break down the middle? Break me off a piece of that middle? Break me off a piece of that middle? Break me off a piece of that astronaut food. Oh my lord, it exploded. astronaut food. Oh my lord, it exploded. astronaut food. Oh my lord, it exploded. Wow, look at that. So, here we go. Mint Wow, look at that. So, here we go. Mint Wow, look at that. So, here we go. Mint chocolate chip. A little smell. It actually dissolves A little smell. It actually dissolves A little smell. It actually dissolves pretty quickly. And once it dissolves, pretty quickly. And once it dissolves, pretty quickly. And once it dissolves, it's pretty tasty. Minty tasty, it's pretty tasty. Minty tasty, it's pretty tasty. Minty tasty, actually. And I like it. You just got to actually. And I like it. You just got to actually. And I like it. You just got to get over that first initial, you know, get over that first initial, you know, get over that first initial, you know, freeze-dried process. But I'm excited to freeze-dried process. But I'm excited to freeze-dried process. But I'm excited to see what the uh Neapolitan ones like. see what the uh Neapolitan ones like. see what the uh Neapolitan ones like. And there's a lot more information on And there's a lot more information on And there's a lot more information on the back there. Astronaut ice cream was the back there. Astronaut ice cream was the back there. Astronaut ice cream was invented for NASA's Mercury missions. So invented for NASA's Mercury missions. So invented for NASA's Mercury missions. So cool that they have like themed food in cool that they have like themed food in cool that they have like themed food in the gift shops, you know, for Space the gift shops, you know, for Space the gift shops, you know, for Space Mountain. I'm afraid of the explosion Mountain. I'm afraid of the explosion Mountain. I'm afraid of the explosion for the Neapolitan one. Look at that. It for the Neapolitan one. Look at that. It for the Neapolitan one. Look at that. It honestly looks just like an ice cream honestly looks just like an ice cream honestly looks just like an ice cream sandwich. And you know, I did that one sandwich. And you know, I did that one sandwich. And you know, I did that one test. You ever see if you leave an ice test. You ever see if you leave an ice test. You ever see if you leave an ice cream sandwich out, it doesn't melt? I cream sandwich out, it doesn't melt? I cream sandwich out, it doesn't melt? I did that before and it really doesn't did that before and it really doesn't did that before and it really doesn't melt. So, I guess they uh they're, you melt. So, I guess they uh they're, you melt. So, I guess they uh they're, you know, preserved very well. So, here we know, preserved very well. So, here we know, preserved very well. So, here we go. I'm going to do it again, but I go. I'm going to do it again, but I go. I'm going to do it again, but I might regret it. Oh, it's really hard. might regret it. Oh, it's really hard. might regret it. Oh, it's really hard. Oh, that was a clean break. Look at Oh, that was a clean break. Look at Oh, that was a clean break. Look at that. Now, I got only strawberry on one that. Now, I got only strawberry on one that. Now, I got only strawberry on one side. I gotta say, for $12, that was a side. I gotta say, for $12, that was a side. I gotta say, for $12, that was a pretty fun experience. But I might stick pretty fun experience. But I might stick pretty fun experience. But I might stick to the Mickey premium bars in the to the Mickey premium bars in the to the Mickey premium bars in the future. Still very cool to try though. future. Still very cool to try though. future. Still very cool to try though. Now that we talked about Tomorrowland Now that we talked about Tomorrowland Now that we talked about Tomorrowland and had some space food, I think I'm and had some space food, I think I'm and had some space food, I think I'm going to keep moving along. Like I said, going to keep moving along. Like I said, going to keep moving along. Like I said, I want to go land by land. And we might I want to go land by land. And we might I want to go land by land. And we might as well make our way to Fantasy Land and as well make our way to Fantasy Land and as well make our way to Fantasy Land and stop in Storybook Circus. I kind of want stop in Storybook Circus. I kind of want stop in Storybook Circus. I kind of want to ride the Barntormer. I know that's to ride the Barntormer. I know that's to ride the Barntormer. I know that's kind of like a a kitty ride, but I love kind of like a a kitty ride, but I love kind of like a a kitty ride, but I love riding the Barntormer. And there's also riding the Barntormer. And there's also riding the Barntormer. And there's also some refurbishments happening down in some refurbishments happening down in some refurbishments happening down in Storybook Circus. So, uh, we'll head Storybook Circus. So, uh, we'll head Storybook Circus. So, uh, we'll head there and continue on our little there and continue on our little there and continue on our little journey. Pete's Silly Sideshow is going journey. Pete's Silly Sideshow is going journey. Pete's Silly Sideshow is going to be closed in, uh, Storybook Circus to be closed in, uh, Storybook Circus to be closed in, uh, Storybook Circus for most of 2026, I believe. So, this is for most of 2026, I believe. So, this is for most of 2026, I believe. So, this is going to be a nice area to come if you going to be a nice area to come if you going to be a nice area to come if you want to get a little uh, peace and quiet want to get a little uh, peace and quiet want to get a little uh, peace and quiet and relax a little bit, other than all and relax a little bit, other than all and relax a little bit, other than all the circus music. But I'm talking like the circus music. But I'm talking like the circus music. But I'm talking like there's not much happening over here. there's not much happening over here. there's not much happening over here. And I think they have some areas over And I think they have some areas over And I think they have some areas over here that have charging stations and here that have charging stations and here that have charging stations and it's just really nice and calm. I kind it's just really nice and calm. I kind it's just really nice and calm. I kind of like when it's not busy over in this of like when it's not busy over in this of like when it's not busy over in this area. It's very cozy. Come hang out. area. It's very cozy. Come hang out. area. It's very cozy. Come hang out. Look at the train. Oh, speaking of the Look at the train. Oh, speaking of the Look at the train. Oh, speaking of the train, it's still not running fully train, it's still not running fully train, it's still not running fully around uh Magic Kingdom. So hopefully around uh Magic Kingdom. So hopefully around uh Magic Kingdom. So hopefully that will be back this year. And uh that will be back this year. And uh that will be back this year. And uh while we're over here, I don't know. while we're over here, I don't know. while we're over here, I don't know. Let's go ride the Barntormer. Let's go ride the Barntormer. Let's go ride the Barntormer. Because of the construction of them Because of the construction of them Because of the construction of them building the new Villains Land and also building the new Villains Land and also building the new Villains Land and also redoing uh Tom Sawyer's Island to Piston redoing uh Tom Sawyer's Island to Piston redoing uh Tom Sawyer's Island to Piston Peak, the Cars Land area. The train is Peak, the Cars Land area. The train is Peak, the Cars Land area. The train is only coming to Storybook Circus. You get only coming to Storybook Circus. You get only coming to Storybook Circus. You get off here or you take it back and it off here or you take it back and it off here or you take it back and it doesn't do like a full loop. It does doesn't do like a full loop. It does doesn't do like a full loop. It does like a bing bang, a little bing bang like a bing bang, a little bing bang like a bing bang, a little bing bang boom. So, uh hopefully that will be back boom. So, uh hopefully that will be back boom. So, uh hopefully that will be back soon, but I doubt it because I don't soon, but I doubt it because I don't soon, but I doubt it because I don't know when uh Villains Land is going to know when uh Villains Land is going to know when uh Villains Land is going to open. And I think uh the barntormer has open. And I think uh the barntormer has open. And I think uh the barntormer has a 35 minute wait. 35 minutes for a a 35 minute wait. 35 minutes for a a 35 minute wait. 35 minutes for a minute ride. I kind of want to do it. minute ride. I kind of want to do it. minute ride. I kind of want to do it. At least they got the little sprinklers At least they got the little sprinklers At least they got the little sprinklers going for Casey Jr. Oh, should I go going for Casey Jr. Oh, should I go going for Casey Jr. Oh, should I go walking through there? I wouldn't mind walking through there? I wouldn't mind walking through there? I wouldn't mind cooling off before going on the gooster. cooling off before going on the gooster. cooling off before going on the gooster. Hey yo, too close. Well, now it says 15 Hey yo, too close. Well, now it says 15 Hey yo, too close. Well, now it says 15 minutes, but I'm feeling that's a little minutes, but I'm feeling that's a little minutes, but I'm feeling that's a little sus there cuz the line is once again sus there cuz the line is once again sus there cuz the line is once again outside of the queue here. And that's outside of the queue here. And that's outside of the queue here. And that's not a big queue either. It was actually not a big queue either. It was actually not a big queue either. It was actually only like 15 minutes. And we got the only like 15 minutes. And we got the only like 15 minutes. And we got the front row. Oh, here we go. I love front row. Oh, here we go. I love front row. Oh, here we go. I love sitting in the front cuz you get Goofy's sitting in the front cuz you get Goofy's sitting in the front cuz you get Goofy's little propeller there. Oh, wow. Look at how beautiful those Oh, wow. Look at how beautiful those Oh, wow. Look at how beautiful those skies are. skies are. skies are. I love this ride. Oh boy, we're coming in hot. Look at it spin. Oh, honestly, that is so fun. Very Oh, honestly, that is so fun. Very Oh, honestly, that is so fun. Very short, but I will fly again soon. Great short, but I will fly again soon. Great short, but I will fly again soon. Great Goofini. Goofini. Goofini. I love the Barnstormer. And I think if I love the Barnstormer. And I think if I love the Barnstormer. And I think if there was a record for a coaster that there was a record for a coaster that there was a record for a coaster that most people use as like their first most people use as like their first most people use as like their first roller coaster, it would have to be the roller coaster, it would have to be the roller coaster, it would have to be the Barntormer because the Magic Kingdom, I Barntormer because the Magic Kingdom, I Barntormer because the Magic Kingdom, I think, has the record for the most think, has the record for the most think, has the record for the most visited theme park. And I feel like visited theme park. And I feel like visited theme park. And I feel like that's like the perfect first roller that's like the perfect first roller that's like the perfect first roller coaster for any kid or adult. And I've coaster for any kid or adult. And I've coaster for any kid or adult. And I've met like adults that never been on met like adults that never been on met like adults that never been on roller coasters and that's the first one roller coasters and that's the first one roller coasters and that's the first one they've ever done. And also a lot of they've ever done. And also a lot of they've ever done. And also a lot of like kids that come down like family uh like kids that come down like family uh like kids that come down like family uh you know if they've never been on a you know if they've never been on a you know if they've never been on a roller coaster, we always take them to roller coaster, we always take them to roller coaster, we always take them to the barntormer. So I just love it. It's the barntormer. So I just love it. It's the barntormer. So I just love it. It's a classic. And now we're going to keep a classic. And now we're going to keep a classic. And now we're going to keep moving along. A couple more things I moving along. A couple more things I moving along. A couple more things I want to point out in Fantasy Land before want to point out in Fantasy Land before want to point out in Fantasy Land before we make our way over to Liberty Square. we make our way over to Liberty Square. we make our way over to Liberty Square. And then, you know, once we get to And then, you know, once we get to And then, you know, once we get to Frontier Land, we'll be talking a lot Frontier Land, we'll be talking a lot Frontier Land, we'll be talking a lot with so much happening over there. Wow, with so much happening over there. Wow, with so much happening over there. Wow, look at that. We actually just got off look at that. We actually just got off look at that. We actually just got off the Barnstormer. And the great Goofini the Barnstormer. And the great Goofini the Barnstormer. And the great Goofini is actually doing pictures with Minnie is actually doing pictures with Minnie is actually doing pictures with Minnie right at the entrance of Storybook right at the entrance of Storybook right at the entrance of Storybook Circus. I love the Great Goofini. You Circus. I love the Great Goofini. You Circus. I love the Great Goofini. You know, Mickey Mouse gets all the know, Mickey Mouse gets all the know, Mickey Mouse gets all the attention, but I honestly might have to attention, but I honestly might have to attention, but I honestly might have to say I think Goofy is my favorite say I think Goofy is my favorite say I think Goofy is my favorite character. He's just so goofy. It's like character. He's just so goofy. It's like character. He's just so goofy. It's like he like he took over that term. Look at he like he took over that term. Look at he like he took over that term. Look at him there. It's cool to see the great Go him there. It's cool to see the great Go him there. It's cool to see the great Go Graffini out there taking photos. And as Graffini out there taking photos. And as Graffini out there taking photos. And as long as uh Pete's silly Sideshow is long as uh Pete's silly Sideshow is long as uh Pete's silly Sideshow is closed, you'll see a lot of characters closed, you'll see a lot of characters closed, you'll see a lot of characters over in Storybook Circus because that's over in Storybook Circus because that's over in Storybook Circus because that's where they normally would meet is inside where they normally would meet is inside where they normally would meet is inside Pete's silly Sideshow. So, uh it's Pete's silly Sideshow. So, uh it's Pete's silly Sideshow. So, uh it's actually kind of cool cuz I bet you actually kind of cool cuz I bet you actually kind of cool cuz I bet you there's probably more down there than there's probably more down there than there's probably more down there than you would normally get. For the rest of you would normally get. For the rest of you would normally get. For the rest of Fantasy Land, I don't know of any other Fantasy Land, I don't know of any other Fantasy Land, I don't know of any other really big changes happening for 2026. I really big changes happening for 2026. I really big changes happening for 2026. I know that we'll probably be getting more know that we'll probably be getting more know that we'll probably be getting more food at Storybook Treats and hopefully a food at Storybook Treats and hopefully a food at Storybook Treats and hopefully a new spot to put all these strollers new spot to put all these strollers new spot to put all these strollers outside the carousel. I mean, this is a outside the carousel. I mean, this is a outside the carousel. I mean, this is a lot of strollers here right now. And lot of strollers here right now. And lot of strollers here right now. And this is the only place they can park this is the only place they can park this is the only place they can park them, but I think it would look nice if them, but I think it would look nice if them, but I think it would look nice if they had like a nice little outdoor area they had like a nice little outdoor area they had like a nice little outdoor area somewhere like away from the carousel. somewhere like away from the carousel. somewhere like away from the carousel. And over here is what I was talking And over here is what I was talking And over here is what I was talking about. Usually uh Frier's Nook and about. Usually uh Frier's Nook and about. Usually uh Frier's Nook and Storybook Circus, they have uh usually Storybook Circus, they have uh usually Storybook Circus, they have uh usually uh a lot of like changing menus or uh a lot of like changing menus or uh a lot of like changing menus or special limited limited limited edition special limited limited limited edition special limited limited limited edition menus. I don't know if we're still on menus. I don't know if we're still on menus. I don't know if we're still on the holidays or not. Ooh, what are these the holidays or not. Ooh, what are these the holidays or not. Ooh, what are these little donuts here? Oh, I've had these little donuts here? Oh, I've had these little donuts here? Oh, I've had these before. The caramel apple donuts. Those before. The caramel apple donuts. Those before. The caramel apple donuts. Those are pretty good. I don't know. We might are pretty good. I don't know. We might are pretty good. I don't know. We might just wait cuz I think we have some just wait cuz I think we have some just wait cuz I think we have some dinner plans. dinner plans. dinner plans. I wanted to get a little sit-down meal I wanted to get a little sit-down meal I wanted to get a little sit-down meal and I decided on getting reservations at and I decided on getting reservations at and I decided on getting reservations at the Diamond Horseshoe because they got the Diamond Horseshoe because they got the Diamond Horseshoe because they got something exciting happening in 2026 for something exciting happening in 2026 for something exciting happening in 2026 for Cool Kids Summer. They're going to have Cool Kids Summer. They're going to have Cool Kids Summer. They're going to have characters inside the Diamond Horseshoe characters inside the Diamond Horseshoe characters inside the Diamond Horseshoe and it's going to be Toy Story and it's going to be Toy Story and it's going to be Toy Story characters, Jesse and I don't know who characters, Jesse and I don't know who characters, Jesse and I don't know who else is going to be there. And I don't else is going to be there. And I don't else is going to be there. And I don't know if the restaurant's going to be know if the restaurant's going to be know if the restaurant's going to be open or if it's just a meet and greet open or if it's just a meet and greet open or if it's just a meet and greet happening, but I hope that Disney maybe happening, but I hope that Disney maybe happening, but I hope that Disney maybe might think that, you know, they should might think that, you know, they should might think that, you know, they should put like a Toy Story themed dining, like put like a Toy Story themed dining, like put like a Toy Story themed dining, like a character dining. I'll let you know a character dining. I'll let you know a character dining. I'll let you know more when we find out. They just more when we find out. They just more when we find out. They just announced it yesterday, so I don't have announced it yesterday, so I don't have announced it yesterday, so I don't have that much information. So, I thought that much information. So, I thought that much information. So, I thought it'd be fun to go over and show you the it'd be fun to go over and show you the it'd be fun to go over and show you the food now and the inside because it's so food now and the inside because it's so food now and the inside because it's so pretty in there. They have a stage and pretty in there. They have a stage and pretty in there. They have a stage and it's the perfect setting for a little it's the perfect setting for a little it's the perfect setting for a little like Woody's Roundup or Jesse's Roundup like Woody's Roundup or Jesse's Roundup like Woody's Roundup or Jesse's Roundup like character dining. Also, look at the like character dining. Also, look at the like character dining. Also, look at the line for Seven Door's Mine Train. It line for Seven Door's Mine Train. It line for Seven Door's Mine Train. It says 65 minutes, but look at this. It's says 65 minutes, but look at this. It's says 65 minutes, but look at this. It's going all the way out. Holy moly. The going all the way out. Holy moly. The going all the way out. Holy moly. The line is actually I think back in line is actually I think back in line is actually I think back in Storybook Circus. I can't see the end of Storybook Circus. I can't see the end of Storybook Circus. I can't see the end of the line. Usually, they have a sign down the line. Usually, they have a sign down the line. Usually, they have a sign down there. Oh, I see them way way down there. Oh, I see them way way down there. Oh, I see them way way down there. I don't know if that's 65 there. I don't know if that's 65 there. I don't know if that's 65 minutes, though. I mean, I'm used to minutes, though. I mean, I'm used to minutes, though. I mean, I'm used to seeing these lines and then the wait seeing these lines and then the wait seeing these lines and then the wait times being like 150 minutes, you know? times being like 150 minutes, you know? times being like 150 minutes, you know? I think I underestimated how hot it was I think I underestimated how hot it was I think I underestimated how hot it was going to be today. I woke up and it was going to be today. I woke up and it was going to be today. I woke up and it was in the 60s and it was chilly, so I put in the 60s and it was chilly, so I put in the 60s and it was chilly, so I put on a hoodie and some sweatpants and it on a hoodie and some sweatpants and it on a hoodie and some sweatpants and it got hot quick. I'm sweating bullets got hot quick. I'm sweating bullets got hot quick. I'm sweating bullets here. But I think after we have dinner here. But I think after we have dinner here. But I think after we have dinner at uh the Diamond Horseshoe, I might at uh the Diamond Horseshoe, I might at uh the Diamond Horseshoe, I might want to go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure. want to go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure. want to go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure. It's a good way to cool down, you know, It's a good way to cool down, you know, It's a good way to cool down, you know, getting splashed by water. And plus then getting splashed by water. And plus then getting splashed by water. And plus then if people see me with a bunch of sweat if people see me with a bunch of sweat if people see me with a bunch of sweat stains, I could tell them it's the water stains, I could tell them it's the water stains, I could tell them it's the water from uh Tiana's. And you know what's from uh Tiana's. And you know what's from uh Tiana's. And you know what's funny? Actually, that happened to me one funny? Actually, that happened to me one funny? Actually, that happened to me one time cuz you know when I'm walking time cuz you know when I'm walking time cuz you know when I'm walking around the parks, especially in summer, around the parks, especially in summer, around the parks, especially in summer, it gets so hot. And you know, I sweat. I it gets so hot. And you know, I sweat. I it gets so hot. And you know, I sweat. I sweat a lot. And I remember I was like sweat a lot. And I remember I was like sweat a lot. And I remember I was like solely like in drenched and somebody solely like in drenched and somebody solely like in drenched and somebody came up to say hi. And I was just like, came up to say hi. And I was just like, came up to say hi. And I was just like, "Oh, I'm sorry. I just got off Splash "Oh, I'm sorry. I just got off Splash "Oh, I'm sorry. I just got off Splash Mountain." Cuz it was Splash Mountain Mountain." Cuz it was Splash Mountain Mountain." Cuz it was Splash Mountain then. And they were like, "Oh, I thought then. And they were like, "Oh, I thought then. And they were like, "Oh, I thought it was closed." And I looked and I was it was closed." And I looked and I was it was closed." And I looked and I was like, "Oh, it is closed." So, they were like, "Oh, it is closed." So, they were like, "Oh, it is closed." So, they were like, "Oh, you didn't ride it. How'd you like, "Oh, you didn't ride it. How'd you like, "Oh, you didn't ride it. How'd you get wet?" And I was like, "I don't get wet?" And I was like, "I don't get wet?" And I was like, "I don't know." And that's it. It was just know." And that's it. It was just know." And that's it. It was just awkward. So, maybe we'll do Tiana's awkward. So, maybe we'll do Tiana's awkward. So, maybe we'll do Tiana's after we get a little lunch and uh might after we get a little lunch and uh might after we get a little lunch and uh might as well start making our way over there as well start making our way over there as well start making our way over there now. And then I want to show you now. And then I want to show you now. And then I want to show you Frontier Land because it looks so crazy. Frontier Land because it looks so crazy. Frontier Land because it looks so crazy. They put up walls everywhere. Like, you They put up walls everywhere. Like, you They put up walls everywhere. Like, you can't even see Tom Sawyer's Island can't even see Tom Sawyer's Island can't even see Tom Sawyer's Island anymore. Oh, look at this. And we're anymore. Oh, look at this. And we're anymore. Oh, look at this. And we're just in time for the Festival of Fantasy just in time for the Festival of Fantasy just in time for the Festival of Fantasy parade. Oh, wow. We can kind of walk parade. Oh, wow. We can kind of walk parade. Oh, wow. We can kind of walk along it. along it. along it. I wonder if the dragon came out yet. I wonder if the dragon came out yet. I wonder if the dragon came out yet. It's the festival. It's the festival. It's the festival. Oh boy. We're going to the country bear Oh boy. We're going to the country bear Oh boy. We're going to the country bear jamboree. I don't know. We are roped in. At least we caught the tail end of the At least we caught the tail end of the At least we caught the tail end of the festival of fantasy. And now it's time festival of fantasy. And now it's time festival of fantasy. And now it's time to make our way to the diamond to make our way to the diamond to make our way to the diamond horseshoe. And like I said, can you horseshoe. And like I said, can you horseshoe. And like I said, can you imagine if this was an actual character imagine if this was an actual character imagine if this was an actual character dining? I think it would be the most dining? I think it would be the most dining? I think it would be the most popular restaurant in all Magic Kingdom. popular restaurant in all Magic Kingdom. popular restaurant in all Magic Kingdom. And here it is, the Diamond Horseshoe. And here it is, the Diamond Horseshoe. And here it is, the Diamond Horseshoe. This is some fancy dining. It even says This is some fancy dining. It even says This is some fancy dining. It even says it on the menu over here. Look at that. it on the menu over here. Look at that. it on the menu over here. Look at that. Fancy dining. And it's all you care to Fancy dining. And it's all you care to Fancy dining. And it's all you care to enjoy. Comes with turkey, pot roast, uh enjoy. Comes with turkey, pot roast, uh enjoy. Comes with turkey, pot roast, uh smoked pork loin, but I thought it was smoked pork loin, but I thought it was smoked pork loin, but I thought it was ham. Maybe they haven't changed the ham. Maybe they haven't changed the ham. Maybe they haven't changed the menus out front. And then you get menus out front. And then you get menus out front. And then you get stuffing, vegetables, macaroni and stuffing, vegetables, macaroni and stuffing, vegetables, macaroni and cheese. $45 for adults and 24 for uh uh cheese. $45 for adults and 24 for uh uh cheese. $45 for adults and 24 for uh uh children. Wow, look at how cool it is in children. Wow, look at how cool it is in children. Wow, look at how cool it is in here. They still have up the Christmas here. They still have up the Christmas here. They still have up the Christmas decorations, but here's the stage that I decorations, but here's the stage that I decorations, but here's the stage that I was talking about. Look at that. And was talking about. Look at that. And was talking about. Look at that. And pretty soon you're going to see Toy pretty soon you're going to see Toy pretty soon you're going to see Toy Story characters in here. And this plays Story characters in here. And this plays Story characters in here. And this plays music, so I'm sure they're going to have music, so I'm sure they're going to have music, so I'm sure they're going to have some nice westerns. The world famous some nice westerns. The world famous some nice westerns. The world famous self-playing piano. And you know what self-playing piano. And you know what self-playing piano. And you know what else is really cool? These little tables else is really cool? These little tables else is really cool? These little tables on the side here. These are actually on the side here. These are actually on the side here. These are actually tables that you can come sit at. And uh tables that you can come sit at. And uh tables that you can come sit at. And uh it looks like they seat about four it looks like they seat about four it looks like they seat about four people. I would love to actually sit people. I would love to actually sit people. I would love to actually sit there or maybe up top, too. This whole there or maybe up top, too. This whole there or maybe up top, too. This whole building is just beautiful. I like it a building is just beautiful. I like it a building is just beautiful. I like it a lot. And I can't wait to see Jesse and lot. And I can't wait to see Jesse and lot. And I can't wait to see Jesse and all the other Toy Story characters in all the other Toy Story characters in all the other Toy Story characters in here. Now, let's get some food. Here is here. Now, let's get some food. Here is here. Now, let's get some food. Here is a look at the menu. Like I said, it's a look at the menu. Like I said, it's a look at the menu. Like I said, it's all you care to enjoy. And they bring all you care to enjoy. And they bring all you care to enjoy. And they bring you out a frontier starter. The diamond you out a frontier starter. The diamond you out a frontier starter. The diamond horses sue salad. The diamond horses horses sue salad. The diamond horses horses sue salad. The diamond horses salad. I like that. And then the the salad. I like that. And then the the salad. I like that. And then the the saloon feast. Roasted turkey, pot roast, saloon feast. Roasted turkey, pot roast, saloon feast. Roasted turkey, pot roast, smoked pork loin, mashed potatoes, smoked pork loin, mashed potatoes, smoked pork loin, mashed potatoes, seasonal vegetables, stuffing, all the seasonal vegetables, stuffing, all the seasonal vegetables, stuffing, all the works. But the thing I love the most is works. But the thing I love the most is works. But the thing I love the most is that ooey gooey toffee cake. Can't beat that ooey gooey toffee cake. Can't beat that ooey gooey toffee cake. Can't beat that. Especially for the price. $45. that. Especially for the price. $45. that. Especially for the price. $45. soon to be 73 with the characters. It's soon to be 73 with the characters. It's soon to be 73 with the characters. It's a little bit dark in here, but I wanted a little bit dark in here, but I wanted a little bit dark in here, but I wanted to show you the dinner rolls. Look at to show you the dinner rolls. Look at to show you the dinner rolls. Look at these little rolls. It looks like some these little rolls. It looks like some these little rolls. It looks like some garlic butter on there. And uh I like to garlic butter on there. And uh I like to garlic butter on there. And uh I like to make little sandwiches with them. So, make little sandwiches with them. So, make little sandwiches with them. So, I'm going to save them until the whole I'm going to save them until the whole I'm going to save them until the whole entire skillet comes out cuz you can entire skillet comes out cuz you can entire skillet comes out cuz you can make like a little ham sandwich, a make like a little ham sandwich, a make like a little ham sandwich, a little turkey sandwich. It's the perfect little turkey sandwich. It's the perfect little turkey sandwich. It's the perfect size, too. And the feast has arrived. size, too. And the feast has arrived. size, too. And the feast has arrived. Take a look at that ham. That's what I Take a look at that ham. That's what I Take a look at that ham. That's what I was talking about. It's new to the menu. was talking about. It's new to the menu. was talking about. It's new to the menu. It still says pork, but the pork is It still says pork, but the pork is It still says pork, but the pork is gone. And then we've got pot roast, gone. And then we've got pot roast, gone. And then we've got pot roast, turkey, cranberry sauce, mashed turkey, cranberry sauce, mashed turkey, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes, stuffing, mac and cheese, and potatoes, stuffing, mac and cheese, and potatoes, stuffing, mac and cheese, and my whole entire genie lamp full of my whole entire genie lamp full of my whole entire genie lamp full of gravy. Look at that. Honestly, who needs gravy. Look at that. Honestly, who needs gravy. Look at that. Honestly, who needs three wishes when you got a lamp full of three wishes when you got a lamp full of three wishes when you got a lamp full of gravy? I feel like I should start with gravy? I feel like I should start with gravy? I feel like I should start with the ham because like I said, it's so new the ham because like I said, it's so new the ham because like I said, it's so new and I love ham. My mom used to cook ham and I love ham. My mom used to cook ham and I love ham. My mom used to cook ham and mashed potatoes for Christmas and and mashed potatoes for Christmas and and mashed potatoes for Christmas and holidays all the time. So, I hope it's holidays all the time. So, I hope it's holidays all the time. So, I hope it's really good. Oh, it's good. It's more than good. It's Oh, it's good. It's more than good. It's Oh, it's good. It's more than good. It's delicious. delicious. delicious. It's got like a nice little sweet glaze It's got like a nice little sweet glaze It's got like a nice little sweet glaze to it. And the best part is if you want to it. And the best part is if you want to it. And the best part is if you want to just get more ham, they'll just bring to just get more ham, they'll just bring to just get more ham, they'll just bring out the ham. Or if you just wanted out the ham. Or if you just wanted out the ham. Or if you just wanted turkey, you can just get turkey. Or if turkey, you can just get turkey. Or if turkey, you can just get turkey. Or if you want it all, they'll bring out as you want it all, they'll bring out as you want it all, they'll bring out as much as you want. They gave me this much as you want. They gave me this much as you want. They gave me this small plate cuz I'm by myself. But small plate cuz I'm by myself. But small plate cuz I'm by myself. But usually it comes in a big big skillet usually it comes in a big big skillet usually it comes in a big big skillet and it's all you care to enjoy. But and it's all you care to enjoy. But and it's all you care to enjoy. But whatever you do, don't fill up because whatever you do, don't fill up because whatever you do, don't fill up because you get the ooey gooey toffee cake. So you get the ooey gooey toffee cake. So you get the ooey gooey toffee cake. So now I'm going to make myself a little now I'm going to make myself a little now I'm going to make myself a little sandwich. Little mashed potatoes. Oh, I sandwich. Little mashed potatoes. Oh, I sandwich. Little mashed potatoes. Oh, I just flung my turkey like that. Little just flung my turkey like that. Little just flung my turkey like that. Little mashed potatoes, little turkey, little mashed potatoes, little turkey, little mashed potatoes, little turkey, little stuffing. Put it right on there. And stuffing. Put it right on there. And stuffing. Put it right on there. And then you got a Thanksgiving slider. Just then you got a Thanksgiving slider. Just then you got a Thanksgiving slider. Just like that. like that. like that. And if you want, you can just do a And if you want, you can just do a And if you want, you can just do a little dip in there. Especially if it's little dip in there. Especially if it's little dip in there. Especially if it's all for you. You don't want to do that all for you. You don't want to do that all for you. You don't want to do that if it's family style or you're with your if it's family style or you're with your if it's family style or you're with your family. No one else is eating that gravy family. No one else is eating that gravy family. No one else is eating that gravy but me. I might just make another but me. I might just make another but me. I might just make another sandwich and take it to go with me. Put sandwich and take it to go with me. Put sandwich and take it to go with me. Put it in my pocket and then snack on it it in my pocket and then snack on it it in my pocket and then snack on it later. That's not a bad idea. later. That's not a bad idea. later. That's not a bad idea. And just like that, the ooey gooey And just like that, the ooey gooey And just like that, the ooey gooey toffee cake has arrived. Look at how toffee cake has arrived. Look at how toffee cake has arrived. Look at how delicious this is. I love how it melts delicious this is. I love how it melts delicious this is. I love how it melts and only gets better. You know, cuz like and only gets better. You know, cuz like and only gets better. You know, cuz like the bottom part is kind of sturdy, but the bottom part is kind of sturdy, but the bottom part is kind of sturdy, but the longer that ice cream melts on the longer that ice cream melts on the longer that ice cream melts on there, it gets really, really good. there, it gets really, really good. there, it gets really, really good. Honestly, the best way to eat the ooey Honestly, the best way to eat the ooey Honestly, the best way to eat the ooey gooey toffee cake is right out of this gooey toffee cake is right out of this gooey toffee cake is right out of this skillet. Make sure you get all of those skillet. Make sure you get all of those skillet. Make sure you get all of those toppings in there. Cheers. Oh, Oh, Oh, it's so ooey goody good. Look at this. it's so ooey goody good. Look at this. it's so ooey goody good. Look at this. I'm going to take the ooey gooey cake. I'm going to take the ooey gooey cake. I'm going to take the ooey gooey cake. Oh, look at that. Right on top. Look at Oh, look at that. Right on top. Look at Oh, look at that. Right on top. Look at that. that. that. It's like a warm It's like a warm It's like a warm chocolate chip cookie. It kind of tastes chocolate chip cookie. It kind of tastes chocolate chip cookie. It kind of tastes like Snickers, actually. So delicious. like Snickers, actually. So delicious. like Snickers, actually. So delicious. But I think I should stop now because But I think I should stop now because But I think I should stop now because there's still a couple of treats I want there's still a couple of treats I want there's still a couple of treats I want to try later on in the park. So, I don't to try later on in the park. So, I don't to try later on in the park. So, I don't want to overdo it on the sweets already. want to overdo it on the sweets already. want to overdo it on the sweets already. Now that we had a nice little dinner at Now that we had a nice little dinner at Now that we had a nice little dinner at the Diamond Horseshoe, I want to show the Diamond Horseshoe, I want to show the Diamond Horseshoe, I want to show you some of the construction here in you some of the construction here in you some of the construction here in Frontier Land. As you know, Tom Sawyer Frontier Land. As you know, Tom Sawyer Frontier Land. As you know, Tom Sawyer Island is gone and they're building a Island is gone and they're building a Island is gone and they're building a Cars Land there. And then they're also Cars Land there. And then they're also Cars Land there. And then they're also doing a villain's land behind Big doing a villain's land behind Big doing a villain's land behind Big Thunder Mountain, but they put up a Thunder Mountain, but they put up a Thunder Mountain, but they put up a bunch of walls and basically Tom Sawyer bunch of walls and basically Tom Sawyer bunch of walls and basically Tom Sawyer Island is demolished at this point. I Island is demolished at this point. I Island is demolished at this point. I can see over a little bit. I'm going to can see over a little bit. I'm going to can see over a little bit. I'm going to record on my phone cuz that has a better record on my phone cuz that has a better record on my phone cuz that has a better zoom. But it's like flattened out over zoom. But it's like flattened out over zoom. But it's like flattened out over there. And uh this isn't going to open there. And uh this isn't going to open there. And uh this isn't going to open in 2026, but it's going to be amazing to in 2026, but it's going to be amazing to in 2026, but it's going to be amazing to see the park transform. I mean, this is see the park transform. I mean, this is see the park transform. I mean, this is a huge expansion. a huge expansion. a huge expansion. The walls basically wrap all the way The walls basically wrap all the way The walls basically wrap all the way around where Tom Sawyer Island used to around where Tom Sawyer Island used to around where Tom Sawyer Island used to be, and they've gotten so high that you be, and they've gotten so high that you be, and they've gotten so high that you literally cannot see over them. But if literally cannot see over them. But if literally cannot see over them. But if you go to like the side over here where you go to like the side over here where you go to like the side over here where it's a little bit more elevated, you can it's a little bit more elevated, you can it's a little bit more elevated, you can see things. But I do want to point out see things. But I do want to point out see things. But I do want to point out the water is definitely gone because you the water is definitely gone because you the water is definitely gone because you can see down and it's all just dry land can see down and it's all just dry land can see down and it's all just dry land there. And you can hear all the there. And you can hear all the there. And you can hear all the equipment actually running. I can make equipment actually running. I can make equipment actually running. I can make you a little list of everything that's you a little list of everything that's you a little list of everything that's happening in Frontier Land, but it would happening in Frontier Land, but it would happening in Frontier Land, but it would be a pretty long list. You got Big be a pretty long list. You got Big be a pretty long list. You got Big Thunder Ming closed for the Thunder Ming closed for the Thunder Ming closed for the refurbishment. You've got the new Cars refurbishment. You've got the new Cars refurbishment. You've got the new Cars Land, the new Villains Land, the uh Land, the new Villains Land, the uh Land, the new Villains Land, the uh Diamond Horseshoe, and probably a couple Diamond Horseshoe, and probably a couple Diamond Horseshoe, and probably a couple of more that I'm forgetting about, but I of more that I'm forgetting about, but I of more that I'm forgetting about, but I feel like the biggest like the biggest feel like the biggest like the biggest feel like the biggest like the biggest construction zone is definitely going to construction zone is definitely going to construction zone is definitely going to be in Frontier Land for all of 2026. be in Frontier Land for all of 2026. be in Frontier Land for all of 2026. Look at that over here. Look, you can Look at that over here. Look, you can Look at that over here. Look, you can see it's dry land down there. No more see it's dry land down there. No more see it's dry land down there. No more water. I can't even believe it. Well, water. I can't even believe it. Well, water. I can't even believe it. Well, I've seen it dry before, but this is I've seen it dry before, but this is I've seen it dry before, but this is kind of like a whole another experience kind of like a whole another experience kind of like a whole another experience thinking that uh you know, I don't think thinking that uh you know, I don't think thinking that uh you know, I don't think there's going to be any more water there's going to be any more water there's going to be any more water there. You can actually walk this. It's there. You can actually walk this. It's there. You can actually walk this. It's a lot nicer than going through Frontier a lot nicer than going through Frontier a lot nicer than going through Frontier Land. Look at this over here. It's like Land. Look at this over here. It's like Land. Look at this over here. It's like I got the whole entire uh walkway to I got the whole entire uh walkway to I got the whole entire uh walkway to myself. You can see lots of scaffolding myself. You can see lots of scaffolding myself. You can see lots of scaffolding there. Let's see if we can see any water there. Let's see if we can see any water there. Let's see if we can see any water over here. Nothing. I wonder what over here. Nothing. I wonder what over here. Nothing. I wonder what happened to all the fish, alligators, happened to all the fish, alligators, happened to all the fish, alligators, and uh ducks that were in there. Yeah, and uh ducks that were in there. Yeah, and uh ducks that were in there. Yeah, like they got it completely closed off. like they got it completely closed off. like they got it completely closed off. Wow. This goes all the way to Tiana's. Wow. This goes all the way to Tiana's. Wow. This goes all the way to Tiana's. We'll check that out. I want to head We'll check that out. I want to head We'll check that out. I want to head back here. Like I said, I want to kind back here. Like I said, I want to kind back here. Like I said, I want to kind of get a better view and see if we can of get a better view and see if we can of get a better view and see if we can actually see anything happening back actually see anything happening back actually see anything happening back there. I don't want to peek over the there. I don't want to peek over the there. I don't want to peek over the fence cuz that's illegal, but just see fence cuz that's illegal, but just see fence cuz that's illegal, but just see whatever you could with your own eyes, whatever you could with your own eyes, whatever you could with your own eyes, you know? Wow, guys. Just look at that. you know? Wow, guys. Just look at that. you know? Wow, guys. Just look at that. Like normally we would have seen the top Like normally we would have seen the top Like normally we would have seen the top of Tom Sawyer Island kind of blocking of Tom Sawyer Island kind of blocking of Tom Sawyer Island kind of blocking Big Thunder Mountain, but it's Big Thunder Mountain, but it's Big Thunder Mountain, but it's completely gone now. And you can see completely gone now. And you can see completely gone now. And you can see some like yellow trucks moving back some like yellow trucks moving back some like yellow trucks moving back there. So they're demolishing as we there. So they're demolishing as we there. So they're demolishing as we speak. I got it zoomed in. I'm just speak. I got it zoomed in. I'm just speak. I got it zoomed in. I'm just standing out front by uh the Diamond standing out front by uh the Diamond standing out front by uh the Diamond Horseshoe. I really can't show you much Horseshoe. I really can't show you much Horseshoe. I really can't show you much over the wall, just what I had on my over the wall, just what I had on my over the wall, just what I had on my phone there. But like I said, the phone there. But like I said, the phone there. But like I said, the construction is coming along pretty construction is coming along pretty construction is coming along pretty quick. And I thought it would be fun if quick. And I thought it would be fun if quick. And I thought it would be fun if we go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure we go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure we go ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure because once we get to the top of the because once we get to the top of the because once we get to the top of the hill, we're probably going to be able to hill, we're probably going to be able to hill, we're probably going to be able to see down in there. And I want to see see down in there. And I want to see see down in there. And I want to see what's going on. So, we'll make our way what's going on. So, we'll make our way what's going on. So, we'll make our way over to Tiana's now and continue talking over to Tiana's now and continue talking over to Tiana's now and continue talking about Frontier Land as we go. Oh, I'm about Frontier Land as we go. Oh, I'm about Frontier Land as we go. Oh, I'm starting to get nervous cuz it doesn't starting to get nervous cuz it doesn't starting to get nervous cuz it doesn't sound like the boats are running for sound like the boats are running for sound like the boats are running for Tiana's Bayou Adventure. I don't see Tiana's Bayou Adventure. I don't see Tiana's Bayou Adventure. I don't see anyone coming down and I don't hear any anyone coming down and I don't hear any anyone coming down and I don't hear any screams. So maybe we'll have to wait screams. So maybe we'll have to wait screams. So maybe we'll have to wait around a little bit. But look, more around a little bit. But look, more around a little bit. But look, more walls. Honestly, like I said, they got walls. Honestly, like I said, they got walls. Honestly, like I said, they got this whole entire area closed off. You this whole entire area closed off. You this whole entire area closed off. You can't see anything going on back there, can't see anything going on back there, can't see anything going on back there, but they did put up a couple of cool but they did put up a couple of cool but they did put up a couple of cool like little uh advertisements. Like look like little uh advertisements. Like look like little uh advertisements. Like look at this. The Hoop-doo review featuring at this. The Hoop-doo review featuring at this. The Hoop-doo review featuring the Pioneer Hall players. How awesome is the Pioneer Hall players. How awesome is the Pioneer Hall players. How awesome is that? Fancy dancing. That's so cool. And that? Fancy dancing. That's so cool. And that? Fancy dancing. That's so cool. And then look. Holy moly. You can't even get then look. Holy moly. You can't even get then look. Holy moly. You can't even get over to Big Thunder Mountain last time. over to Big Thunder Mountain last time. over to Big Thunder Mountain last time. I think like all of this wasn't here I think like all of this wasn't here I think like all of this wasn't here when I was here. It was all uh kind of when I was here. It was all uh kind of when I was here. It was all uh kind of like pushed to the side there. Uh-oh. like pushed to the side there. Uh-oh. like pushed to the side there. Uh-oh. Listen, I just heard Tiana's Bayou Listen, I just heard Tiana's Bayou Listen, I just heard Tiana's Bayou Adventure start up. I think we're uh Adventure start up. I think we're uh Adventure start up. I think we're uh actually going to be able to ride it. actually going to be able to ride it. actually going to be able to ride it. There it is. Big Thunder Mountain. And There it is. Big Thunder Mountain. And There it is. Big Thunder Mountain. And this is another thing I'm excited for to this is another thing I'm excited for to this is another thing I'm excited for to open back up. And it's going to be open back up. And it's going to be open back up. And it's going to be better than ever this year, actually. I better than ever this year, actually. I better than ever this year, actually. I think they said uh springtime and think they said uh springtime and think they said uh springtime and they're going to add so many cool they're going to add so many cool they're going to add so many cool effects to the ride itself. I was here effects to the ride itself. I was here effects to the ride itself. I was here when they actually were taking the track when they actually were taking the track when they actually were taking the track out. And it's cool that it's going to be out. And it's cool that it's going to be out. And it's cool that it's going to be uh opening soon. Finally, a Big Thunder uh opening soon. Finally, a Big Thunder uh opening soon. Finally, a Big Thunder Mountain to compete with all the other Mountain to compete with all the other Mountain to compete with all the other ones around the world. Sadly, I don't ones around the world. Sadly, I don't ones around the world. Sadly, I don't know if Tiana's is going to open back know if Tiana's is going to open back know if Tiana's is going to open back up. I heard a lot of people talking up up. I heard a lot of people talking up up. I heard a lot of people talking up there, but you know, that could mean there, but you know, that could mean there, but you know, that could mean anything. And there's like a kind of a anything. And there's like a kind of a anything. And there's like a kind of a line forming for when it does open back line forming for when it does open back line forming for when it does open back up. You know, it's an easy way to skip up. You know, it's an easy way to skip up. You know, it's an easy way to skip the wait time, especially since they the wait time, especially since they the wait time, especially since they dumped the queue. So, we might, you dumped the queue. So, we might, you dumped the queue. So, we might, you know, monitor it, but might come back know, monitor it, but might come back know, monitor it, but might come back maybe another day so we can see what's maybe another day so we can see what's maybe another day so we can see what's happening over under Time Sor Island or happening over under Time Sor Island or happening over under Time Sor Island or what's happening there now that it's not what's happening there now that it's not what's happening there now that it's not there anymore. Not the best sign, but I there anymore. Not the best sign, but I there anymore. Not the best sign, but I was hopeful for a little bit. And now we was hopeful for a little bit. And now we was hopeful for a little bit. And now we have a lot of the cast members out here. have a lot of the cast members out here. have a lot of the cast members out here. So, I think we might just make our way So, I think we might just make our way So, I think we might just make our way over to Adventure Land. Oh, you know, we over to Adventure Land. Oh, you know, we over to Adventure Land. Oh, you know, we could stop into the Critter Co-op, could stop into the Critter Co-op, could stop into the Critter Co-op, though. I always love coming in here. though. I always love coming in here. though. I always love coming in here. It's got like a lot of really cool, you It's got like a lot of really cool, you It's got like a lot of really cool, you know, Princess and the Frog and Tiana's know, Princess and the Frog and Tiana's know, Princess and the Frog and Tiana's Bayou, like adventure merchandise. But I Bayou, like adventure merchandise. But I Bayou, like adventure merchandise. But I just like the theming in here. Look at just like the theming in here. Look at just like the theming in here. Look at this in the back there. And then they this in the back there. And then they this in the back there. And then they got fireflies on the back wall there. got fireflies on the back wall there. got fireflies on the back wall there. Look at that. Wow. And they're doing a Look at that. Wow. And they're doing a Look at that. Wow. And they're doing a special sale, too. $15. special sale, too. $15. special sale, too. $15. Wait, look at him moving by itself. Wait, look at him moving by itself. Wait, look at him moving by itself. That's kind of cool. You can buy one of That's kind of cool. You can buy one of That's kind of cool. You can buy one of these. It's like a special. Wow. It's these. It's like a special. Wow. It's these. It's like a special. Wow. It's almost 50% off cuz it was $31.99. almost 50% off cuz it was $31.99. almost 50% off cuz it was $31.99. Holy moly. And then you can get your Holy moly. And then you can get your Holy moly. And then you can get your discount on top of that. So you can get discount on top of that. So you can get discount on top of that. So you can get one of these for like 10 bucks. That's a one of these for like 10 bucks. That's a one of these for like 10 bucks. That's a pretty good deal for a jar and a pretty good deal for a jar and a pretty good deal for a jar and a Firefly. Or should I say a Firefly in a Firefly. Or should I say a Firefly in a Firefly. Or should I say a Firefly in a jar. I don't think it's opening up jar. I don't think it's opening up jar. I don't think it's opening up anytime soon. We waited about an hour, anytime soon. We waited about an hour, anytime soon. We waited about an hour, but I can see the boats just hanging out but I can see the boats just hanging out but I can see the boats just hanging out over there. They're just sitting there. over there. They're just sitting there. over there. They're just sitting there. So, I think we're going to move along to So, I think we're going to move along to So, I think we're going to move along to Adventure Land. Unfortunately, we wasted Adventure Land. Unfortunately, we wasted Adventure Land. Unfortunately, we wasted a lot of daylight time waiting for a lot of daylight time waiting for a lot of daylight time waiting for Tiana's. But, one of the things I'm Tiana's. But, one of the things I'm Tiana's. But, one of the things I'm excited for in 2026 in Adventure Land is excited for in 2026 in Adventure Land is excited for in 2026 in Adventure Land is all the cool uh flavored uh beignes at all the cool uh flavored uh beignes at all the cool uh flavored uh beignes at the Golden Oak Outpost. They've been the Golden Oak Outpost. They've been the Golden Oak Outpost. They've been doing a lot of specialty uh beignes for doing a lot of specialty uh beignes for doing a lot of specialty uh beignes for all the parties and special events, and all the parties and special events, and all the parties and special events, and I bet you they're going to continue that I bet you they're going to continue that I bet you they're going to continue that into 2026. I'm also kind of intrigued to into 2026. I'm also kind of intrigued to into 2026. I'm also kind of intrigued to see if they open up the Tortuga Tavern see if they open up the Tortuga Tavern see if they open up the Tortuga Tavern or Tortuga Tortilla Tortilla Tavern. I or Tortuga Tortilla Tortilla Tavern. I or Tortuga Tortilla Tortilla Tavern. I mean, right now it's closed, but uh they mean, right now it's closed, but uh they mean, right now it's closed, but uh they don't really use it for uh anything don't really use it for uh anything don't really use it for uh anything else. And they just opened up the Beacon else. And they just opened up the Beacon else. And they just opened up the Beacon Barrel, so it would make sense to have a Barrel, so it would make sense to have a Barrel, so it would make sense to have a little snacky. A little snacky right little snacky. A little snacky right little snacky. A little snacky right across from the Beacon Barrel. Oh, I across from the Beacon Barrel. Oh, I across from the Beacon Barrel. Oh, I don't know what's going on over in don't know what's going on over in don't know what's going on over in Adventure Land, but it's very busy over Adventure Land, but it's very busy over Adventure Land, but it's very busy over here. Holy moly. I think a lot of people here. Holy moly. I think a lot of people here. Holy moly. I think a lot of people are waiting to get into the beacon are waiting to get into the beacon are waiting to get into the beacon barrel. And it looks like Pirates has a barrel. And it looks like Pirates has a barrel. And it looks like Pirates has a weaving here. Cut to the left. To the weaving here. Cut to the left. To the weaving here. Cut to the left. To the right. All right. Now we're getting into right. All right. Now we're getting into right. All right. Now we're getting into the intense bobbing and weaving here cuz the intense bobbing and weaving here cuz the intense bobbing and weaving here cuz then we got strollers on the right. then we got strollers on the right. then we got strollers on the right. Well, there wasn't a lot to show you in Well, there wasn't a lot to show you in Well, there wasn't a lot to show you in Adventure Land and it was kind of busy Adventure Land and it was kind of busy Adventure Land and it was kind of busy out there. So, I think we're going to out there. So, I think we're going to out there. So, I think we're going to make our way back down to Main Street make our way back down to Main Street make our way back down to Main Street USA. I want to hop into the emporium and USA. I want to hop into the emporium and USA. I want to hop into the emporium and uh see if they have any specialty treats uh see if they have any specialty treats uh see if they have any specialty treats at the confectionary. I think they at the confectionary. I think they at the confectionary. I think they already have Valentine's Day ones and already have Valentine's Day ones and already have Valentine's Day ones and maybe Easter. I like that they still maybe Easter. I like that they still maybe Easter. I like that they still have the Christmas decorations up even have the Christmas decorations up even have the Christmas decorations up even though we're a week into January. And I though we're a week into January. And I though we're a week into January. And I think we're getting a beautiful sunset. think we're getting a beautiful sunset. think we're getting a beautiful sunset. Oh wow, look at this. That's the golden Oh wow, look at this. That's the golden Oh wow, look at this. That's the golden hour right now. All of Main Street, USA hour right now. All of Main Street, USA hour right now. All of Main Street, USA getting lit up. We've got red, green, getting lit up. We've got red, green, getting lit up. We've got red, green, and blue lights. And uh yeah, let's make and blue lights. And uh yeah, let's make and blue lights. And uh yeah, let's make our way down to the confectionary. I our way down to the confectionary. I our way down to the confectionary. I want to see what kind of sweet treats want to see what kind of sweet treats want to see what kind of sweet treats they got. Another thing I know that they they got. Another thing I know that they they got. Another thing I know that they got that's new is a new uh popcorn mix. got that's new is a new uh popcorn mix. got that's new is a new uh popcorn mix. They have like build your own popcorn They have like build your own popcorn They have like build your own popcorn bowls here. And they do one for all the bowls here. And they do one for all the bowls here. And they do one for all the different holidays. But I'll give you a different holidays. But I'll give you a different holidays. But I'll give you a little pro tip. Usually the line is little pro tip. Usually the line is little pro tip. Usually the line is super long. You could just mobile order super long. You could just mobile order super long. You could just mobile order it and you will save so much time. Like it and you will save so much time. Like it and you will save so much time. Like trust me, I've waited in the line to trust me, I've waited in the line to trust me, I've waited in the line to build my own and it takes a little bit. build my own and it takes a little bit. build my own and it takes a little bit. You only got a certain amount of hands You only got a certain amount of hands You only got a certain amount of hands and a lot of popcorn. and a lot of popcorn. and a lot of popcorn. Let's just take a little look see in Let's just take a little look see in Let's just take a little look see in here, though. Oh, I love how they got here, though. Oh, I love how they got here, though. Oh, I love how they got them all on display, too. Look at them all on display, too. Look at them all on display, too. Look at Valentine's Day candy, apples, and rice Valentine's Day candy, apples, and rice Valentine's Day candy, apples, and rice krispie treats already. Oh, I think krispie treats already. Oh, I think krispie treats already. Oh, I think they're Valentine's Day. I mean, it's they're Valentine's Day. I mean, it's they're Valentine's Day. I mean, it's Valentine's Day colors. Oh, yeah. Here's Valentine's Day colors. Oh, yeah. Here's Valentine's Day colors. Oh, yeah. Here's what I was talking about. There's the what I was talking about. There's the what I was talking about. There's the new popcorn that looks really good. new popcorn that looks really good. new popcorn that looks really good. That's for Valentine's Day. And then That's for Valentine's Day. And then That's for Valentine's Day. And then they got a couple of other ones, too. they got a couple of other ones, too. they got a couple of other ones, too. Oh, look at this little candy apple down Oh, look at this little candy apple down Oh, look at this little candy apple down here. It's got lightsaber uh lifesavers here. It's got lightsaber uh lifesavers here. It's got lightsaber uh lifesavers on it. Wow. I don't know. I'm still kind on it. Wow. I don't know. I'm still kind on it. Wow. I don't know. I'm still kind of full from the ooey gooey cake, but I of full from the ooey gooey cake, but I of full from the ooey gooey cake, but I love looking at all of the sweet treats. love looking at all of the sweet treats. love looking at all of the sweet treats. Oh, and this is what I was talking Oh, and this is what I was talking Oh, and this is what I was talking about, the popcorn line. Look at this. about, the popcorn line. Look at this. about, the popcorn line. Look at this. These are all the people waiting to These are all the people waiting to These are all the people waiting to build their own popcorn. But like I build their own popcorn. But like I build their own popcorn. But like I said, you can just mobile order it and said, you can just mobile order it and said, you can just mobile order it and you can have it custom to whatever you you can have it custom to whatever you you can have it custom to whatever you want. And look it, you'll skip all of want. And look it, you'll skip all of want. And look it, you'll skip all of this line. It takes a while, too. But this line. It takes a while, too. But this line. It takes a while, too. But look at all the different popcorn. Oh, look at all the different popcorn. Oh, look at all the different popcorn. Oh, there's a red one for the specialty one. there's a red one for the specialty one. there's a red one for the specialty one. I think it's like strawberry flavored. I think it's like strawberry flavored. I think it's like strawberry flavored. Oh, and they got blue one for Starlight, Oh, and they got blue one for Starlight, Oh, and they got blue one for Starlight, too. Well, I ended up not getting any too. Well, I ended up not getting any too. Well, I ended up not getting any popcorn or sweet treats. Trying to cut popcorn or sweet treats. Trying to cut popcorn or sweet treats. Trying to cut back a little bit. So, instead, I think back a little bit. So, instead, I think back a little bit. So, instead, I think I want to go up to the top of the train I want to go up to the top of the train I want to go up to the top of the train station, get a good look out at all the station, get a good look out at all the station, get a good look out at all the Christmas decorations one more time, and Christmas decorations one more time, and Christmas decorations one more time, and then uh probably start making our way then uh probably start making our way then uh probably start making our way home. Got to get home and check on home. Got to get home and check on home. Got to get home and check on little Gracie girl. I love coming to the little Gracie girl. I love coming to the little Gracie girl. I love coming to the top of the train station and just people top of the train station and just people top of the train station and just people watching. And it's so pretty to be able watching. And it's so pretty to be able watching. And it's so pretty to be able to see the Christmas lights one more to see the Christmas lights one more to see the Christmas lights one more time before they go away for another time before they go away for another time before they go away for another what, 11 months? No, 10 months probably. what, 11 months? No, 10 months probably. what, 11 months? No, 10 months probably. Look at it up here. And it looks like we Look at it up here. And it looks like we Look at it up here. And it looks like we might have a very nice sunset, too. Get might have a very nice sunset, too. Get might have a very nice sunset, too. Get a little bit of the castle, a little bit a little bit of the castle, a little bit a little bit of the castle, a little bit of the tree, all in one shot. And it of the tree, all in one shot. And it of the tree, all in one shot. And it doesn't even look that busy down there. doesn't even look that busy down there. doesn't even look that busy down there. I think they're all in the park riding I think they're all in the park riding I think they're all in the park riding rides. Wait till it gets a little later rides. Wait till it gets a little later rides. Wait till it gets a little later for the parade and it's going to get for the parade and it's going to get for the parade and it's going to get super busy here. Look at how majestic super busy here. Look at how majestic super busy here. Look at how majestic that Montreal is. Driving off into the that Montreal is. Driving off into the that Montreal is. Driving off into the sunset. I literally love this time of sunset. I literally love this time of sunset. I literally love this time of the day at the Magic Kingdom. Look at the day at the Magic Kingdom. Look at the day at the Magic Kingdom. Look at how beautiful that is. Well, I guess the how beautiful that is. Well, I guess the how beautiful that is. Well, I guess the Montreal was driving away from the Montreal was driving away from the Montreal was driving away from the sunset or else it'd be heading towards sunset or else it'd be heading towards sunset or else it'd be heading towards it. That's where we got to go. Got to it. That's where we got to go. Got to it. That's where we got to go. Got to head towards the sunset. head towards the sunset. head towards the sunset. And there she is. The most beautiful dog And there she is. The most beautiful dog And there she is. The most beautiful dog on earth. on earth. on earth. Gracie girl, what are you doing? You Gracie girl, what are you doing? You Gracie girl, what are you doing? You just hanging out, just chilling. Hey, just hanging out, just chilling. Hey, just hanging out, just chilling. Hey, you want to show them your new bedroom? you want to show them your new bedroom? you want to show them your new bedroom? Yeah. Come on. Let's go. I'll show them. Yeah. Come on. Let's go. I'll show them. Yeah. Come on. Let's go. I'll show them. Come on. Let's go. For the longest time, Come on. Let's go. For the longest time, Come on. Let's go. For the longest time, we used this space underneath the stairs we used this space underneath the stairs we used this space underneath the stairs for storage. And then I wanted to make for storage. And then I wanted to make for storage. And then I wanted to make Gracie a little Harry Potter bedroom. Gracie a little Harry Potter bedroom. Gracie a little Harry Potter bedroom. So, I got a Dalmatian. I just installed So, I got a Dalmatian. I just installed So, I got a Dalmatian. I just installed the lights. Oh, look at that. Got lights the lights. Oh, look at that. Got lights the lights. Oh, look at that. Got lights in here. And it's pretty cozy. I'm going in here. And it's pretty cozy. I'm going in here. And it's pretty cozy. I'm going to put some padding down and just make to put some padding down and just make to put some padding down and just make it her own little bedroom. Yeah. And it her own little bedroom. Yeah. And it her own little bedroom. Yeah. And she's been hanging out in here. She's she's been hanging out in here. She's she's been hanging out in here. She's been chilling. been chilling. been chilling. Well, now that we got to see Graciey's Well, now that we got to see Graciey's Well, now that we got to see Graciey's little room project, and I'll keep you little room project, and I'll keep you little room project, and I'll keep you updated, I really want to make it into updated, I really want to make it into updated, I really want to make it into like a little Dalmatian Harry Potter like a little Dalmatian Harry Potter like a little Dalmatian Harry Potter bedroom under the stairs for Gracie. She bedroom under the stairs for Gracie. She bedroom under the stairs for Gracie. She just ran in there now. It's kind of just ran in there now. It's kind of just ran in there now. It's kind of funny because I'm used to actually funny because I'm used to actually funny because I'm used to actually always being at my feet, but uh now always being at my feet, but uh now always being at my feet, but uh now she's got a place of her own instead of she's got a place of her own instead of she's got a place of her own instead of the couch where she literally takes up the couch where she literally takes up the couch where she literally takes up of the video. I hope you guys uh enjoyed of the video. I hope you guys uh enjoyed of the video. I hope you guys uh enjoyed a little fun day at Magic Kingdom, a little fun day at Magic Kingdom, a little fun day at Magic Kingdom, walking around, checking out all the walking around, checking out all the walking around, checking out all the cool big things coming in 2026. I'm a cool big things coming in 2026. I'm a cool big things coming in 2026. I'm a little sad we didn't get to ride Tiana's little sad we didn't get to ride Tiana's little sad we didn't get to ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure, but I mean, I can ride Bayou Adventure, but I mean, I can ride Bayou Adventure, but I mean, I can ride it anytime, and I've rode in it a lot of it anytime, and I've rode in it a lot of it anytime, and I've rode in it a lot of times. And uh like I said, it's only times. And uh like I said, it's only times. And uh like I said, it's only going to make Tom Sawyer Island going to make Tom Sawyer Island going to make Tom Sawyer Island disappear more. So, it's going to be disappear more. So, it's going to be disappear more. So, it's going to be cool to see it from that angle, you cool to see it from that angle, you cool to see it from that angle, you know? I think it's going to be a big eye know? I think it's going to be a big eye know? I think it's going to be a big eye opener. Uh but uh I guess until then I opener. Uh but uh I guess until then I opener. Uh but uh I guess until then I hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed hope you enjoyed the video. I enjoyed making it. And uh we'll see you next making it. And uh we'll see you next making it. And uh we'll see you next time. Bye.
