---
video_id: xJl_xaviCbw
channel: PagingMrMorrow
title: "Disney Springs 2026 | NEW Gideon’s Cookies, Berry Beignets & Dog Treats | House Update: Disney World"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJl_xaviCbw
---
Hey friends, today we are going to Disney Springs and I want to try some of the new snacks and show you around a little bit. Of course, we're going to get the new cookie of the month at Gideon's Bake House, but Valentine's Day is just around the corner and there's a bunch of new sweet treats. So, we're going to eat some food, do some shopping, and have a beautiful Disney Springs kind of day. Anyho, let's go do this. It's been super cold here in Florida. Temperatures as low as the 20s. And I'm excited to spend a chilly day walking around the Springs, showing you guys all of the new snacks, talking about some of the big changes because there's actually something huge coming to Disney Springs, and it has to do with Gideonss. Last month, I was talking about how Gideonss was possibly opening a new location. Well, they announced that they're actually opening a new concept location just a couple of doors down from the Gideon's Bake House. They're going to open up Six Ravens, which is uh kind of like savory hampie concept, and they're going to have like different drinks there, and it's going to be something completely different from Gideon's, but made by Gideon. So, I want to start there, show you where that building is going, and then hop in line and start trying all the new treats and get the cookie of the month. Here is where Gideon's new concept restaurant is going to be. This used to be the art of shaving. That's why a lot of people were kind of speculating because all of this artwork looks just like Gideon's, but now it makes sense. It's going to be the six ravens. And it's literally just a couple of doors down from the other Gideon's location, maybe three stores away. So like you can uh grab a cookie and then come grab a ham pie. Even though I don't think it's going to be as plain as just getting a hand pie, the reason I love Gideon's cookies so much is because there's story behind it, there's a theme. And the fact that this is going to be from the minds of Gideonss, I have high expectations and I will definitely be here when it opens. So now, uh, let's get to the cookie business. And here is a look at the February menu at Gideon's Bake House. I love the artwork this month. It's very fitting for Valentine's Day, and I'm excited for some Valentine's Day cookies. They actually have two this month, but the official cookie of the month is the Strawberry Delight. And I love this cookie. Normally, they have the Eternal Flame, which is kind of like a spicy cookie, and they still have it on the menu in limited quantities, but uh the official cookie is the Strawberry Delight. And they also have the Fire and Ice cold brew. So, I think we'll get all three of them. and uh let you know what I think. Well, might as well dive right on in. And I think I'll start with the Fire and Ice coffee cuz I need a little pickme up. And like I said, I don't even like spicy things. So, if it's too spicy, I'll let you know. But usually it's pretty mild. We'll find out. Oh, it's delicious. It's not spicy at all. Kind of just like cinnam spicy. Cinnam spicy. I like the sound of that cinnam. I was trying to think of the best way to describe it, but the description says it good enough. A warm spicy finish. And that's exactly what it is. A nice warm spicy finish. The eternal flame cookie might be a little bit more spicy than the fire and ice coffee. So, I think I'll start with the strawberry delight. And I like the name of that strawberry delight. Sky rockets in flight. Strawberry delight. I don't know why I did that, but here it is. And I love this cookie. And I love how this is like the official uh February cookie. Oh, I can smell the strawberries already. It is so good looking. Look at that. I don't know if you can see it. You can probably see the strawberry in the back and when we break into it a little bit more. So, let's just uh crack right down the middle. Let's break on into the cookie. Oh, look at that. Now that's the strawberry I was talking about. Cheers. Cheers to Valentine's Day. It's honestly incredible. The strawberry has such a fresh taste to it. And the chocolate makes it feel like it's like literally a chocolatecovered strawberry cookie. And I love it. Look at the little sugar crystals on the top there. And I'm so happy that it's the official February cookie of the month. It's getting all the credit it deserves, but you guys let me know which one you think is a better February cookie, the internal flame or the uh strawberry delight. And I'm still going to try the flame cookie. I already know I would pick this because I don't like spicy cookies. I still just wanted to get it to show you guys, but I'm going to take one more bite. Got to savor this strawberry delight. Kind of rhymed. I like it. And here is the eternal flame cookie. And you can see the cherries right in the center there that I was talking about. I think that's my favorite part of the cookie. And it looks like a spicy cookie, especially when you break it in half. I'll show you that in a second. And like I said, no hate on this cookie. If you like spicy things, you'll probably like the cookie. I'm just not a spicy guy, you know. But I do respect the fact that Gideonss offers a little bit of everything for everyone for Valentine's Day. Either you're a sweet person or a spicy person. They got you in cookie form. And uh let me show you what the inside of the cookie looks like. I don't want to lose those cherries. Oh, look at that. It's so chocolaty. And I'm definitely getting the cherry bite. Oh, it kind of split it perfectly where there was a cherry. Is that all I got was two cherries on top. Two cherries on top. That's not bad. So, here we go. Oh, I take that back. There's a lot of cherries on there. They're just on the side of the cookie. Got one there. Got one there. I still got one in the front there. But uh overall, like I said, the cherry is my favorite part of the cookie. And it's not too hot. Just a little tingle. Just a little tingle on the tongue. Little tingle on the tongue. And trust me, like it's not like spicy that like I can't handle. It's just a little tiny spice. And it's not like anything compared to like hot wings or buffalo sauce, but I just rather my cookies uh be sweet and not so spicy. Not so spicy. Either way, I think they're both amazing and I'm glad that we got to try them. Now, we're going to keep moving along and I want to check out some more Valentine's Day treats and just see what's going on at the Springs. What's going on at the Springs? Enough of the cookie business. You know, we're still looking for a replacement for the Sprinkles cupcakes for Gracie. And I noticed they have a uh little pet store, like an outdoor kiosk, the Happy Hound. So, I wanted to go see what they got in there. Maybe they might have uh some dog treats that we can give Gracie. I still want to find a special place for her. But this could be it. Look at this. Looks like they have a lot of treats. Ooh, and it looks like they have Disney treats, too. I see a bag that actually has Mickey Mouse on it. Wow, these look actually amazing. I think I might get Gracie some. Look at Buzz and Woody, Lady in the Stitch. Oh, they even have one over here that has uh Dalmatians on it. chicken jerky recipe. They don't have any pupcakes, but they do have some oldfashioned mini donuts and a couple of other really cool peanut butter things. Look at these right here. These are peanut butter doughnut holes. Fresh baked, too. So, maybe we should get some of those. But, I still need to get her some of these Disney treats. I didn't even know they existed. Well, I ended up getting Gracie some Glad Wags. And these were $16.99. But I like that there's a Dalmatian on the front of the bag. And then I also got her some of these uh fresh baked doughnut holes. And these were also $16.99. So the happy hound could be a possible replacement, but we have to wait and see if Gracie actually really enjoys the treat. So we'll give uh her a nice little snack at the end of the video. And also maybe we'll take a break and actually go home and give Gracie a snack once we're done here because I want to go to Porter and try their new Valentine's Day beignes. They actually have a special, you know, order of beignes that I think are like raspberry and marshmallow drizzle uh just for Valentine's Day. But uh now we're going to keep moving along and make our way maybe up to the world of Disney. See what kind of new merch they got going on. I feel like I'm doing something bad just walking past Sprinkles with Gracie's new uh sweet treats. Look at It looks like the uh cupcake ATM is gone. It's gone. Wow. They completely removed it and they put a window there. That's actually Oh, wow. All of the signage is gone. There is nothing left to this building that would ever make you think it was a sprinkles. Oh, this is going to be such a crazy new spot for anyone that wants to come and put a business in here. Prime location right here, right on over the bridge. Another really important thing I want to share with you guys about Disney Springs is that the Lime Garage is closed for refurbishment. And I know that's not like the most shocking news, but let me tell you, trying to get here and park and actually leave, especially on the weekends, can be very, very struggling, especially if one of the garages are closed. So, just pay attention to that. Don't try to park at Lime Garage. Because it's been so cold, Disney had to shut off all of the water fountains and put blankets on all of the plants. It actually looks like it's snow hills, but these are all blankets to protect the plants because like I said, they're not used to this uh, you know, climate here in Florida. But it is really nice to be able to walk around the springs with a hoodie on. This is actually a Roosevelt's hoodie, but it's like their own pattern, Roosevelt's. And I kind of just like the coloring of it, and it's cozy on a chilly day. And now, like I said, I think we're going to make our way probably to another sweet treat spot. I want to try to show you as many as possible, but also I don't want to get too full because we got, you know, the sweetheart beignetes later on at Porter Orleans. Here is the world of Disney, but I want to stop in Amorettes first. They always have some special treats in there. Oh, they don't have anything on display right here. They just got their regular dome cakes, but I know they got to have something. I know they're advertising their new sandwiches. They have croissant sandwiches that look really good. Maybe it's on the other side, too. Huh. No, just all croissants. Where's all the sweet treat business? It's February. They do have some Valentine's Day treats, but they're not advertised. You got the Valentine's Entrament, and I think that's what it's called. And then the Claire's over here along with a lot of other good ones. Oh, here's a couple more. They've got the uh classic Amarites Rose and a B mine uh E-clair. Oh, and a Wakandian mousse. Oh, this actually might be for uh celebrate soulfully. Oh, wow. This looks so nice. I don't want to mess it up before I show you. Got to take it out of the box. Ooh, look at this. A fancy little uh Valentine's Day e-clair. And I don't know what's on top there. Probably some candy. I'm going to slide it out just like that. Get the e-clair business. It's looking pretty good. And I think there's habiscus in this. Hibiscusy Claire. And I don't know if uh this is going to fall apart when I take a bite cuz I feel like that's going to launch that. So, we'll see. We're going to see how this works. The raspberry flavor is very, very rich. And I like the E-clair shell itself. It doesn't look like your normal e-clair shell. It has a different color to it, but I like it. I think it's a nice little Valentine's Day treat. And I can't believe that's still holding up. It kind of looks funny right now. Amorettes always delivers on any of their sweet treats. And I'm not going to be able to eat this all cuz we already had some Gideons. But I can just put it right back in my box. Just like that. And then we got a little fancy bag to carry it around with us. Seal it up. Honestly, the packaging is perfect. And now I can put my Gideon's cookies in there cuz I've been hanging on to them, too. I got a bunch of sweet treats in my pocket. Now I got a FANCY BAG. AND I GOT GRACIE TREAT, TOO. I feel like we already got a lot today, but I still want to take you guys and show you around the world of Disney and see if they've got any uh new merchandise. We got to walk back up that way, though. I don't know why I like to come down here and eat my snacks. I guess I just like eating snacks by the water. I definitely think I need a break from the sweet treats, though. only savory items for the rest of the day or until later when we go to Port Orleans and get the Valentine's Day beignetes. But honestly, they might actually have something for soulfully there. Celebrate soulfully because they have jumbo and gumbo and that's like some of my favorite like you know soulfully inspired dishes. So, uh maybe we'll have a little dinner at Porter along with some beignes. Now, let's go check out the merchandise and uh walk around the world of Disney for a little bit. The world of Disney always has new merchandise coming in, so I always like just stopping in and taking a peek. See, but this is what I came for. The most magical day ever. Look at this. I love this new line. Look at awesome. Holy moly. This is such a great sweatshirt. I saw pictures of this online and I was like, dang, they look so cool. How much is this? Oh, $59.99. And they also have another one over here. Oh, that's cool. I wonder what the back looks like. Oh, nothing on the back. Not so cool. But they have a lot of really cool designs. I really like that shirt. Then this one over here actually says the most magical day ever on it. And these are things my mom would definitely want to get if she came down. I like this shirt, but it doesn't have that great quality like kind of feel like Roosevelt's has, but I love that it has all those icons on it. So maybe in the future, you never know. I love how Disney just has a stockpile of like hoodies and sweatshirts to just throw out whenever it might get cold in Florida because the second it drops down like into like the chilly weather they literally just stock so many like you know heavy coated like items and I think it's kind of funny cuz until then they just have them sitting around waiting like they're stocked and ready to go because most people don't plan for it to be you know cold in Florida when they're on vacation. So, they uh don't bring the appropriate clothes. So, the second it gets cold out, Disney puts tons of this stuff out because, you know, people want to stay warm when they're walking about. Oh, and it also looks like Oh, I thought this was going to be like a Valentine's display back here, but it's all just Mickey Mouse. I thought that because I saw this uh red uh like kind of sweater right here. This is actually a really nice. Look at the Goofy one. And it's black, too. Wow. No way. This might be one of my favorite new things they put out. Dang, that is an awesome sweatshirt. I wonder how much these are. $59.99. That's actually not that bad. Look at Look at everything is all sweatshirts back here. That's kind of cool. I like that one, too. And then they got some coats, some more heavy clothing uh items. Well, since I didn't find anything in the world of Disney, I almost got that goofy sweater, though, I figured we just uh go home, check on little Gracie girl, give her one of her new little treats, and then go get some dinner at Porter Orleans, and uh check out the Valentine's Day beignes. But first, we got to make a pit stop. Got to check on little Gracie girl. Check out this guy wearing my shirt right now. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Hey, man. I love your shirt. Oh my god, >> I love running into people wearing my shirts in the parks. Thank you so much for wearing, you know, anytime I see anybody, I always like to rush up and be like, "Hey, that's me." And it's such a cool experience and I just want to say I'm very thankful. So, thank you so much. And there she is, the most beautiful dog on earth. Gracie girl, I got you some new uh sweet treats. Look at they're donuts. I don't think she knows that they're a little sweet treat. She doesn't know it's a snack. I know it's not a pup cup. I'm sorry. Yes, it's a treat. You want one? Here. You want one? Take it. Why are you leaving me? Yeah. Come back here. I want to see you eat it. She's trying to flip it over just like the pup cup. Look at her. Are you licking it? Do you like it? Oh, I think she likes it. It looks like Gracie likes the little doughnut holes, but I don't think she likes them as much as she loved the cupcakes. And I'm going to keep looking to see if we can find cool, interesting, sweet treats for her, you know, since we got to find something to replace sprinkles. And uh I'll give her the Disney ones when I get back from Porterans. And also, I want to show you uh the bathroom and give you an update on, you know, how my decorating's going. Now, I think we'll make our way uh over to Port Orleans, get ourselves some beignes and who knows, maybe some gumbo or jumbo or both of them together. Jumbo. And just like that, we have made it to French Quarter for some beignes and gumbo. This is one of my favorite moderate resorts. And it's kind of funny because yesterday or the day before I uh put out a video where I was staying at the Value Resorts over at Allstar Sports and I was showing you what like $98 a night will get you. And this is a next step up. Can you believe that? This is a moderate resort. You could probably get a room here for I would say maybe two maybe $300. And I love all of the New Orleans style food. Been gumbo. Everything is just beautiful and quiet. That's what we're going to do. We're going to grab some gumbo, check out uh the little uh quick service restaurant, and uh try the specialty beignetes. I love French Quarter, but Porter Orleans Riverside is nice, too. I only just like coming to this side because I think it's more quieter and this is the only spot you can get the beignes at. They don't sell beignes over at Porter Orleans Riverside, so you got to come to French Quarter. And it's kind of like always been a tradition. I usually tie it in with my Disney Springs videos cuz it's so close to the springs and uh they always have seasonal beignes happening. Oh, Barry, here they are. The Berry and Love beignes. Raspberry sugar dusted beignes with marshmallow sauce. And it's $949. We're definitely getting those. But like I said, I kind of want to get a little dinner while we're here. And I love all of the cool food they have at Border Orleans cuz you get a lot of stuff that you would find in New Orleans. Jumboa, gumbo. So, we might do a little uh jumbolaya gumbo crossover and then uh top it off with some beignes. I really love the atmosphere in here. It's so quiet. You can even hear the music. And I like all the decorations, too. I found a nice quiet cozy spot outside. And I got a little jumbolaya and gumbo. These are some pretty big portions. The jumbolayia looks a little wet today, but a lot of jumbolaya like that. I kind of like it a little bit more dry, but I always uh like to kind of have my uh gumbo jumbolaya and beignes together. So that's why I like visiting this resort so much. My favorite thing is this cornbread though. Look at And they sit it on top of the jumbolaya so it has time to soak up all of that flavor. I mean, I'm going to probably start with the jumbolaya first. This is so good. I remember coming here like a long time ago, and I used to think this is the closest I would ever get to trying like actual New Orleans style cuisine. And uh little did I know I would be there like six times, like since then. Like that's like 10 years ago. And it's so amazing because I still come here and I appreciate what they do with this resort because I don't think I was ever curious to go to New Orleans until I came here and now it's one of my favorite places to be. So, cheers to Jumbolaya. I've actually tried almost all of the famous places to get Jumbalaya in New Orleans, and this one is still one of my top three only because of nostalgic reasons. Like I said, it was the birthplace of uh my passion for all things New Orleans. So, it's always going to, you know, have a nice little spot in my heart. Nice little spot in my heart. And now for a little gumbo action. I got a lot of rice. I'm going to have to probably take some of this home. You know, I've had this before many of times. It's just something I really like. I love eating gumbo and jumbolaya, and I like eating them together. Enough of the gumbo business. It's time for some beignes. And they actually have their own like beignet cafe in here inside the main lobby. It's not where they sell the other food. And it looks very busy. Oh yeah, look at this in here. But you know, everyone wants to get the new beignes. And they have a nice little area. You can sit down and eat them in here. But I like uh I like eating them outside. Oh, this is cool, too. They do a lot of really awesome activities at the resort. painting on the bayou for only uh like $45. $45 for painting on the bayou. That's kind of expensive. Oh, and they also have Scat Cats Club Lounge. This is really cool because you can come and hang out here and order beignes and they have live entertainment every Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evening. And it's like a cozy, nice atmosphere. And take a look at these precious beauties. They look amazing. And they have the same marshmallow drizzle as the Haunted Mansion beignetes, but with a raspberry coating. And of course, I had to get extra marshmallow sauce. I wish that they sold these in less than like three. I think you can get them in three or six. And they're not that expensive. They're definitely worth it. So, uh, might as well dive on in. This is what I've been looking forward to all day. Now, when you're eating beignes, you have to be very careful or you'll end up covered in powdered sugar. And these ones have little heart sprinkles on them. Look at that. I love this marshmallow sauce. That's my favorite part of it. We're going to drizzle some on afterwards. I want to get a good bite. And this is looks like it's the best beignet out of all of them. Oh, maximum deliciousness. You can definitely taste the berry and the marshmallow like sauce all together. And like I said, the more marshmallow sauce, the marrier. Look. Oh my lord. Oh, what am I doing? I'm letting it go all in there. Wow. That is going to be delicious. I honestly feel like this is like glue. It's very sticky and it feels like glue. Just be warned, you're going to get stuff all over yourself. Look at I feel like I've got a mixture of powdered sugar and marshmallow in my beard right now. And I'm not too sure. Like these are amazing. I'm not too sure if they're better than the Halloween ones. I'm going to have to say no. I think they're just not there. The Halloween ones are like cookies and cream with marshmallow uh drizzle on it. And I think I like cookies and cream more than raspberry or berry. But if you like berry, these might be your favorite. I'm not saying they're not bad. I would probably put them right next to the Haunted Mansion ones like as my favorite beignetes here. They're really gonna eat at least a whole one here. I got to at least bite. Oh my lord, I didn't go ears first. Ears first. Oh no, that's a lot of marshmallow. But if you want to come out and try the new beignet, you have to come in the month of February. They're very limited time only. And I'm happy we got to come out and try them. So now, uh, enough of the beignet business. Let's head on home, check on Gracie girl, and give her one of her new treats. And I want to show you my bathroom. I want to show you my bathroom. Now that we're back from Port Orleans, I want to give Gracie her new uh chicken jerky treats. Chicken jerky treats. And uh like I said, these are $16.99. And uh they sell them at the Happy Hound. They look pretty good. Oh wow. Very beefy. Got a interesting smell, but I think she's going to like it. I think she's going to like it. It looks like she enjoys it a little bit. I think she likes this more than the donuts themselves. I like that I do these Disney Springs videos because it gives me, you know, a chance to, you know, get you caught up on Gracie and some of the cool things I got going on at the house. Like the bathroom. I've been uh kind of remodeling the bathroom into like a Walt Disney World history bathroom. I just always wanted to have a fancy bathroom. And like I said, it's kind of cool that we do these Disney Springs videos every month cuz I can uh, you know, look forward to the end and be able to show you all the progress I'm making. So now, like I said, I want to show you my bathroom. Slowly, I've been adding just cool pieces that I've had laying around into this area. I added my company vehicles only sign because that's the way to the garage. I got a little Fort Wilderness down here, the Polynesian rug. Uh, a nice awesome Disney Fastpass uh, plus entrance sign. And this goes into the bathroom itself. And then I kind of want to just throw everything Walt Disney World in here. So, it's kind of a mix of vintage and history along with just some cool things. One of my favorite things is up there, that restricted access sign. And then I've got these over here along with some uh you know park used memorabilia. This is uh one of the awnings for the uh train there. And I kind of just love it. It's a fancy little bathroom and you get to just hang out in here. I got an Imagineering uh vest right there. And I even added a light show cuz I wanted to make it like cool, you know? I'm not going to the bathroom or anything. I just want to show you my fancy little light show. I shut off the lights and then I uh turn on my uh little projector here and I listen to Spaceship Earth and it's actually really cool. So, here we go. Time for the light show. This is uh usually what I do on Friday and Saturday nights. And you can change the pattern. Ooh, I feel like I'm riding the ride as we speak. Oh, here comes the good music. Oh my lord, this feels like the Willy Wonka scene. I could literally sit in here all day just listening to different Disney attraction music and staring at my little light show. I always wanted to have a fun, unique bathroom and I don't think you can get any cooler than this. But yeah, that's my bathroom. And I'll keep you guys updated on all of the progress. I'm not finished with it. I also wanted to show you something else I added to my collection. I got this really cool goofy phone a while ago. Oh, I showed you guys. >> Did you hear something ringing? >> Isn't that awesome? And then you can just shut them off like that. But something that's even cooler, and this is kind of like a I would say a controversial piece. This is a uh animation cell from a Goofy shirt called uh No Smoking. Walt Disney presents Goofy in No Smoking. And uh it was basically uh like a short cartoon that was showing all the bad things that come from smoking. And it was the 1950s. And this is actually one of the animation cells used to make that animation. And uh Goofy's got a cigar in his hand. And it's cool cuz this came from the art corner in Disneyland. And it has the gold seal on the back. And then this is one of the original lobby cards. And I just thought it was really, really cool. And you don't see a lot of stuff like that. And I love any of the animation from the 1950s, especially like Goofy's howto. And that was like a part of the whole entire series. But just wanted to share it with you, let you know all the cool things I get cuz I think it's just so cool. I just like looking at it. And I guess with that, we are done here today. I love making these Disney Springs videos and as long as you guys are interested in in all of my, you know, updates about my bathroom and my fun Disney collection, I'll keep showing you guys. And I'm excited uh to kick off February for uh 2026. I'm actually going to be leaving going on a really awesome adventure where I'm going to go to a new country I've never been to. So, I might be uh MIA on videos for the next couple of days. Uh, but don't worry, I'm going to be making a video of that adventure. So, it's going to be a lot of fun. And I hope you enjoyed the video because I enjoyed making it. And uh, we'll see you next time. Bye.
