---
video_id: en4fB7sCQjE
channel: MillennialOnMainStreet
title: "Overrated Disney Hacks (And What Actually Works)"
published: 2025-06-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=en4fB7sCQjE
---
People swear by these Disney tips, so today I'm trying them out. But honestly, some of them are a little bit of a waste of time and money, but I'm here to see which ones actually work. Looking for little ways to save money, like skipping lightning lanes. Sounds like a great idea until you are standing in line for Tiana's Bayou Adventure and it is 104° and there's a 65minute wait. me. We're all about saving money on this channel, but skipping Lightning Lanes to save some money might actually backfire. Now, there are some parks where really you could skip it. Animal Kingdom and Epcot looking at you. But here at Magic Kingdom and especially Hollywood Studios, hello Drain. Yes, it's going to cost you a bit of money, but the time savings you'll get 100% can make up for it if you know how to use them strategically. So, my family is coming into town soon to have our family's annual trip to Disney World. But unfortunately, this time I won't be able to spend a lot of time in the parks with them. So, I need to make sure that the advice I give them 100% works. And I'll say some of this advice, it's a little bit controversial. Do not bring your personal water bottle while that was out. Yes, it can save you money, but trust me, carrying this thing around all day by the time it gets to fireworks is going to feel real heavy. So, what I'd recommend instead is to ask for free cups of ice water when you're at a quick service location. There are even a lot of locations around Disney World that now have selfs serve water dispensers. That way, you can hydrate until your heart is content. However, one thing I do always do in the park is either bring in a disposable water bottle or I purchase one when I get here, always from a gift shop to get the annual passholder discount. It fits really easily into my park bag and I can simply toss it if I get tired of carrying it. Something I hear a lot of is to buy your souvenirs at the end of the night. I mean, totally sounds good in theory, but let's be real. By the end of the night, you're exhausted and you're not going to be rushing back to the Tron gift shop to buy that one specific circular light up thing after fireworks at 11:00 at night. Probably not happening. But on the flip side, you also don't want to buy your souvenirs at the beginning of the day because then you're going to be carrying around bags all day and you might have some regret from a rushed purchase. Take pictures or make note of the items you want and then go purchase them later. Best yet, if you are heading back to your resort for a midday rest, that's the perfect time to purchase your souvenirs. The transportation isn't as crowded. you're not trying to shove a giant lightsaber onto the Disney buses at 10:00 at night. Or if the item is available on the Shop Disney website, saves you tons of hassle. There are even some gift shops at Disney World where you can pay to have the item shipped directly to your home. Easiest of all. The next popular hack, I'll admit I've even recommended myself. But the problem is that most people don't lay out the full story. Not staying at a Disney resort and staying offsite looks good on paper a lot of times. There's longer transportation time to the parks. That is if your off-site accommodations even offer transportation to Disney World. There's no early entry perks for a lot of the off-site hotels. The best lightning lanes might be gone by the time you can book because if you're not staying at Disney World, you can only book 3 days in advance. Not even to mention parking, which currently I think when I drove in here, I saw the sign said $49. Oh, y'all, that adds up fast. But the absolute biggest thing, and oftent time the resorts don't make this really apparent, and it's those resort fees. These add-on resort fees that often aren't included in that really nice looking booking price can sometimes be almost as much as the room itself. So, when you're deciding where to stay, take everything into consideration. Room, transportation, perks, because it might just be that sometimes staying at an all-star resort here at Disney World might actually turn out to be the better deal. rope dropping or prioritizing a really popular ride at Disney World as the first ride of your Disney day is a great strategy. Although there's a little bit more nuance than just, hey, this ride is popular. Let's pick that one for rope drop, for example. I'll often see early entry advice for Epcot where people recommend getting to Rey's Ratatouille Adventure first. Now, the thing about that attraction, it's a very technical attraction, and it is notorious for shutting throughout the day and even opening late, which I actually ran into the other day when I was testing out an early entry strategy plan for my family at Epcot. You can see that the crowd just continued to swell as the early entry time passed. So, look at the full story of popular rides. In this case, I'd recommend rope dropping Frozen Ever After if you're doing early entry. That way, whether you're entering from the front of Epcot or back at the International Gateway area, you're going to have the same chance of getting to that attraction because it's in the middle of the park. You can see that not many people were roped dropping it when I went to test my strategy the other day. Also for Remy specifically, but it applies to some other Disney World attractions, it has a single rider line, so you could prioritize something else and then later in the day, if you're down with it, opt to jump into the single rider line and have a shorter wait. Everyone talks about mobile ordering your meals to save time, which really is good advice. But when you're probably looking for a meal, it's nothing worse than wanting some corn dog nuggets from Casey's and realizing that the return window is over an hour long. At peak times, that can definitely happen. And no one's got time for that on their Disney day. So instead, go ahead and order your meal in the morning. So, like if you want to mobile order lunch, have it placed by like 10:30 a.m., but don't click the I'm here until you're ready to eat. The alternative is to place your mobile order for off peak times when it's not going to be as crowded. Getting Disney gift cards as gifts throughout the year and then saving them up for your Disney trip is a great idea. Or, you know, looking to see if there's ever a deal on Disney gift cards. Awesome. great way to budget. However, the advice often stops there. All well and good until it's time to check out at the Emporium on Main Street at the end of the night and you are frantically searching through all those gift cards trying to figure out which one still has a balance on it. So, to save you some stress, go to the Disney gift card website before your trip and then combine all of those separate gift cards onto one gift card. Another tip I see is to plan, plan, plan your Disney day. Nothing wrong with that. I think it's great and you actually should have some kind of idea of what your Disney day is going to look like. But planning out every second and moment of the day is just asking for burnout, frustration, confusion when the ride breaks down or your kid breaks down and needs a nap. So instead of overplanning, plan a couple of anchor moments. You know, a show, a couple of rides, maybe a dinner reservation, and then leave space for spontaneity or flexibility because that's often when the most magical moments happen. Tips I'll hear about park strategy is to prioritize Magic Kingdom, which I mean, I get it's magical. It is so Disney. And I mean, look at her. She's beautiful. And there's lots of folks here all enjoying their magical day. But instead of prioritizing Magic Kingdom, I actually recommend doing Epcot or Animal Kingdom first. My family, we always do Animal Kingdom the first day of our Disney trip. And I think I'm going to definitely still keep with that recommendation for this year as well. I'm actually going to suggest that my family does the opposite of prioritizing Magic Kingdom and actually saves this park for their last Disney day. That way they're kind of going against the flow of maybe what other people are doing. Maybe a little less busy, but definitely a very magical way to end your Disney
