---
video_id: 3TwtBmsC1QM
channel: MillennialOnMainStreet
title: "8 *cringe* things you’re doing at Disney World"
published: 2025-10-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TwtBmsC1QM
---
spending thousands on Disney World just to end up being cringe. Not in this economy. It can ruin the magic, but a lot of people don't even realize that they're breaking these unwritten rules of Disney. And you might be, too. Probably the fastest way to lose your Disney magic isn't by missing out on a dining reservation or forgetting your Lightning Lane window time. It's actually your own reaction. A ride breaks down, the weather goes crazy, as it's prone to do here in Florida. When things go wrong, people explode at the nearest cast member. And I get it. It's so frustrating when you've already invested so much. But the cast member doesn't control any of this. Now, what they do control is how they can help you out when something doesn't go as planned. And cast members are incredible and they're always going to help you. But the secret to maybe getting a little extra magic is kindness. That can go a long way. So, be kind, be respectful, and you may even get a little extra sprinkling of pixie dust on your day. But also, let the magic moment be a surprise. One way to guarantee you won't get that extra sprinkling of pixie dust is to ask for something magical. On this channel, we believe that cast members are the Disney difference. But not remaining cool and kind towards a cast member isn't the only rule that people break. And the next one actually ruins the show for everyone, including yourself. Disney nerds, I love you. I am you. But shouting the stretching room scene in the Haunted Mansion, so cringe. It spoils that goosebump inducing kind of surprise moment for first timers. So don't quote ride scripts or shout the narration to Happily Ever After. Instead, use your Disney knowledge to point out things like hidden Mickeyy's. That's the kind of Disney nerd everyone likes. Y'all, this next one, it's not just cringe. It's like actually dangerous. Although, before we get into that, I just want to say I am all about living your best Disney life. Hey, I skip down Main Street. I take way too many videos of my food and I talk to a camera in the middle of one of the busiest places in the world. cringe maybe, but it's cringe in a way that doesn't block other people's fun. So, 1,000% have fun. Be yourself. Because really, when we're all having fun together, that's when the magic really hits. If you want to trigger instant chaos, which I don't know why you would, but if you did, stop in the middle of fantasy land. Oh my gosh. Well, stop in the middle of any busy walkway at Disney World. People start spilling $6 Cokes and now there are strollers hitting your ankles. It is absolute chaos. So, if you need to stop and check your phone or check the Disney app, totally cool. Just step off to the side out of the packed walkway. Is this haunted room actually stretching or are you killing the magic of the haunted mansion in 1 second? How is that possible? Having your flash on in any dark ride exposes the not so magical things. I mean, so many cameras and even like iPhones nowadays are really capable of getting great quality pictures in the dark even without the flash on. Most of the time it is totally accidental. So, turn off your auto flash before you get to Florida. And as someone who has gotten a million mansion videos and pictures, just enjoy the ride with your eyes. It is so much more magical that way. The castle, the hubgrass, everyone wants the perfect picture to remember their Disney trip. And you're looking super cute and you're Disneybound. So get your pictures. But where it can turn cringe is when you're having like a fullon photo shoot in the middle of a really busy and popular place. Like a line around you grows. People are kind of like awkwardly waiting to see are you done with your pictures? Because a lot of times people will wait so they don't ruin your picture, which is super nice. So when you're ready to take a picture, be on it, smile, snap it. That way your magical memories stay just as magical. Oh my gosh. Wait, before we get to the next cringe moment, a very not cringe moment. [Music] So cute. Oh, okay. This next one is actually about something that can happen to everyone. And that is, you know, it's hot, the lines are long, this water bottle is way too expensive, which it is, but that is not setting the right expectations. Set your expectations before you come down and decide that you're going to enjoy it anyway. Have you ever missed a magical Disney moment because you were staring at your phone? Totally been there. I mean, we got Goofy and Pluto right beside us and we are just nose down in our screen. I'm just missing it all because I'm checking weight times instead of living in the moment. Phones are a necessity now when you're on a Disney trip. But if at all possible, try to check your phone while you're waiting in line, not while you're walking through some of the most gorgeous theming in the whole world. Also, pro tip from someone who has learned the hard way. It's so tempting to record the fireworks on your phone, but then you're watching this absolutely incredible moment through a very tiny screen. But if you're like, I really want those gorgeous fireworks, totally hear you. So, if you're here at Magic Kingdom watching the fireworks, wait until you see Tinkerbell come down from the castle. Start recording from that moment on because you're going to get to watch the majority of the show and you're actually going to get video of the very best fireworks since they always save them for the very end. But here's the thing, cringe behavior isn't the only way a Disney trip can go wrong. Rookie mistakes can waste your precious time, money, and energy. So tap this video right here where I break down the biggest mistakes you have to avoid. And if you recognize yourself in any of these cringe-worthy moments in this video, same. Although the difference now is that you know how to avoid them so that you and everyone around you can have a more magical Disney day. That's right, train. I'm Molly and I'll meet you on Main Street.
