---
video_id: 3nt46l_0OYE
channel: MillennialOnMainStreet
title: "Money saving hacks at Disney World (Holidays 2025)"
published: 2025-12-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nt46l_0OYE
---
Let's get the most out of your Disney World trip. Starting with Disney Springs. That's going to be your goto place if you are looking for free Disney Christmas activities. There's nightly snowfall, holiday entertainment, and you can meet Santa Claus. For that though, you will need a virtual queue, which you can sign up for in your My Disney Experience app. You can also take a peek inside Jock Lindsay's Hanger Bar, which has gotten a holiday explosion overlay. There is also the tree stroll where you go around Disney Springs, you get a free map and you go and look up the dozens of trees and when you complete the map, you get a little redemption prize. So Disney Springs has got decorations with all of those trees on the tree stroll. But if we're talking decorations, the Disney World Resorts cannot be beat. Visiting the different Disney resorts is a free thing all year round and something I definitely recommend when you're looking for a rest day between parks or for something that's not going to break the bank but is still very entertaining. But especially around the holidays, it is fantastic. Now, going from resort to resort is what we call resort hopping. And resort hopping at the holidays is a whole another level. That's because each resort, and there are over 20 Disney resorts, is going to have its own unique decorations that are specifically themed to the resort. For example, we have tiny replicas of these hanging light fixtures on the tree. That is something that is unique just to this resort. Oh, and they have a tiny gingerbread house over there that has a totem. And not only is it adorable, because it is, but it's actually the same statue they have outside the gift shop here, but with over 25 Disney World resorts. Where do you even begin? So, what you can do is go visit what is called the Montreal Resorts. And that means the three resorts right outside Magic Kingdom that are along the Montreal line. That makes it really easy to hop on the Montreal, hop off at a resort, check out the decorations, and hop back on. and the Grand Fian and the Contemporary Resort, they go all out for Christmas. Now, another option if you're looking to hit up several resorts all at once is the Epcot Resort Loop, and that includes the Yacht and Beach Club and the Boardwalk. Now, Yach and Beach Club especially are mustos when it comes to Disney resorts for the holidays. The Beach Club has an iconic gingerbread carousel. Disney cast members are creative. Now, the really popular resorts like the six I just mentioned and the one I'm in currently will most likely have these little setups that have holiday treats in them, which is where I got my apple cider. While these treats might not be free, seeing all the decorations at the different resorts is. And you can get there using the free Disney transportation. You can always go to Disney Springs and hop on the bus that's headed to that resort. totally free activity that could take a whole day. And while free is really nice, sometimes having a little hot apple cider is nice as well. So, getting a little extra cash in your pockets around the holidays very helpful. So, at the end of this, I'm going to talk about some Disney specific ways to save a bit of money. Oh my gosh, it's just so pretty here. It makes me just beam. So, let's talk about some of the best underrated Disney resorts you can visit. When it comes to value resorts, my number one pick, and you can access this on the Skyliner, which means if you can get to Epcot or Hollywood Studios area, or if you're staying on the Skyliner system, really easy to get to for you. And that is Pop Century. I mean, look at these pine trees. It's It's like you're in a log cabin in the mountains. It really takes me back to my family used to spend Thanksgiving in the Smoky Mountains in Tennessee. Love it. Okay, but moderate resort. Which one are we going to pick? My vote is going to be with Coronado Springs, specifically the Grand Destino Tower. But all over that resort, there are trees everywhere. Now, for deluxe resorts, that's a hard one. The six that I've mentioned already are all deluxe resorts, but one that is a very close runner up for me. It is worth a trip to that resort just for the massive tree they have there. Last year they had an incredible gingerbread display that was shaped like animals because that's what this resort is all about are the animal the live animals that live right outside of your hotel room, Animal Kingdom Lodge. But there's a reason I'm at the Wilderness Lodge and that's because it is the best Disney World resort at the holidays. There is just something next level about it. And the way they dim the lights in here and really let the insane amount of Christmas lights just dazzle. It just feels peak cozy. And this is for sure a camp miss. I made my way down to Geyser Point here at Wilderness Lodge because the next free thing kind of has to do with this, but it actually can be utilized at multiple Disney resorts. So, if you are doing a resort hopping day, stick around and add on the fireworks to the end of your night, but specifically the Minnie's Christmas time fireworks that play during a Mickey's very merry Christmas party night. Now, these fireworks are going to be a little bit later than normal Magic Kingdom fireworks, usually around the 10:00ish range, and they only happen on party nights, but there are a lot of parties, so your chances of catching them can be pretty high during your stay. Just go ahead and search Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party dates, see which dates the party is happening, and then find yourself a view of the Magic Kingdom fireworks. Now, this is a great place to see it. You'll kind of see them back off this direction if you're here at Wilderness Lodge, but you can catch them at the Contemporary on the fourth floor. That's where the Montreal lets you off. There is an outside terrace area. There are the beaches at the Grand Fian in the Polynesian Resort. They'll actually play the music from the fireworks in these locations. [Music] Well, they should at least. I I've heard it before. I haven't checked it out this year, but I'm like 95% sure that they will do it. Just want to caveat that. Now, kind of in the same vein, but not quite as guaranteed, I guess you'd say, is that you can sometimes catch the jingle bell, jingle bam fireworks, which are the special fireworks that happen during Jollywood nights over at Hollywood Studios. Uh, think specifically like Cornonado Springs, Grand Destino Tower again. Um, sometimes at the Riviera Resort, you can catch them or at the kind of like attached Caribbean Beach Resort. Now, this one, I'm not sure if they pipe in the music for this one, but if it's still night and the wind is just right, you can kind of catch a little bit of the music heading your direction. Okay, wait. This is absolutely adorable. This is another it's free all year thing, but I've never seen it decorated for Christmas and it looks so cute. This is where the Disney World Horses live. So cute seeing all the horses and their festivities. But there's more at this resort that we've got to check out. That was so cute. That might be one of my new favorite holiday activities at Disney World. But have to get a move on because it's getting darker. And I've got another free fun activity to do here. And this one actually has nothing to do with Disney itself. People go all out here at Fort Wilderness. Fourth of July, Halloween, and Christmas. People come and decorate their campsites to the max. And it's incredible to see the creativity and all the fun things that people bring. Going around and looking at all of the fun decorations that everyone has brought to just make this super cheery and fun. And so far, what we've done has been truly free. But what if you're like, "Okay, I paid for some theme park tickets. What are the little bonus things I get for the holidays that are included in my park ticket?" All the little free things, little enhancements you get for the holidays in the parks. Oh my gosh, my favorites. Something you'll get at all four theme parks are custom decorations that go with the vibe of the park. But apart from that, there is some fun entertainment that the parks offer exclusively for the holiday season. One of my favorite things, I feel like I'm saying that a lot, but it this truly is one of my absolute favorite things that Disney does for the holidays. You can find it during the daytime over in Animal Kingdom right in front of the tree of life. and just like seeing families and kids just light up whenever they interact with the merry menagerie is just so precious. Now the other holiday component that they have is the tree of life awakenings which is a cute projection show that they display on the tree of life once the sun goes down. One of the busiest parks at the holidays is Magic Kingdom. One of their big things is the Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party which is a separate ticketed event. So those entertainment offerings are not included as part of your park admission. Right around December 25th though, sometimes Magic Kingdom will show the special Christmas parade and even sometimes the Christmas fireworks as part of the regular daytime offering. Although there is an attraction that you can experience all day at Magic Kingdom, the Holiday Jingle Cruise. Magic Kingdom has a little bit of a nighttime entertainment. The Frozen Holiday Surprise. Here at Hollywood Studios, we get Sunset Seasons Screenings, which is a projection show on the Hollywood Tower Hotel, and it has four different holiday themed vignettes. Would definitely recommend sticking around to watch all four. Right next door though at Epcot is where there is so so much. There are holiday storytellers all around World Showcase. We also have the candlelight processional that happens every evening with a celebrity narrator and it is absolutely stunning the magnitude of it. There's also festival of the holidays which is happening. I look forward to this all year and it's not just because the food's great which it is but it's also because it is such a good deal and you can find so many offerings that are around like the $6 range. I started like making a list and then the list got so long I was like Wow, $4 for this guy. Love it. Also love a good money saving tip. Let's talk specifically about some holiday themed ones. Now, number one, ask for gift cards for anyone who is curious about what to get you for the holidays. Ask for Disney gift cards, but also think about other travel related gift cards like airlines, Uber, things like that. Sometimes stores themselves will even offer discounts on other gift cards like this deal I saw at Target. Something I've been doing for years, and that can really add up, is using cashback sites like Racketin or Ibata to get money back on items you would be purchasing anyway. But especially around the holidays, they're often offering extra cashback incentives. If you're looking for some Disney themed gifts for the Disney fan in your life, check out disneytore.com. They have lots of deals going on. Like I spotted the adult version of these PJs on the Disney website for less than the cost of the kids ones in the theme park. But there are third party shops everywhere that have official license through Disney that you can shop online. Again, look for those deals. It gives them cash back and find some often less expensive items. You know, everywhere from Costco to Box Lunch to Target. There are so many options to make your Disney dollar go further this holiday
