---
video_id: Ni_FhOcISr0
channel: MillennialOnMainStreet
title: "Disney's Animal Kingdom will never be the same (last day Dinoland)"
published: 2026-02-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ni_FhOcISr0
---
Dino Land at Disney's Animal Kingdom is going away forever after almost 30 years. This land closing is probably way more important than you might think. Next up on our adventure is actually getting to Dino Land because if you haven't seen it in a while, it looks very different. Won't see that sign much longer, but walking in and seeing this never gets old. The sign still looks the same, but just beyond it. Get ready, y'all. So, the whole reason this area is closing is because it's turning into the tropical America's land with Encanto and Dinosaur getting its own fresh overlay with another popular IB. And now we start our trek around the construction walls, which really changes the vibe when you walk into Animal Kingdom this direction, like you're heading to Asia. Because with all these construction walls up, it feels more condensed. Whereas before it everything felt a little bit more open, but that sign back there makes me wonder what is the line going to look like when we get closer to Dinosaur. Oh my goodness. Just like to give a heads up so that you have the right expectation as you walk into Disney World. This area is about to be completely closed off very soon, but you're going to see things like these massive cranes for a while as they continue to build out the tropical America land. Like I could see this crane when I was driving up in parking. I have seen very long waits in the app all day. So, oh my goodness, it is so busy here. I mean, I was expecting that, but wow, there are so many dino fans around. Lightning Lane is stretched all the way around the front of the building. I don't know if I'm ready to see what the standby wait time is. The squiggly lines mean 225 minutes. Oh my goodness. Nearly 4hour wait. That is might just be the longest this ride has ever had. Probably close to the top. But before jumping in line for that, there are other areas of Dino Land that we need to experience. There's meet and greets, there's restaurant source, and there's cool details sprinkled all around this land that I think it's worth taking some time to appreciate. We have a replica of Sue back here that is a replica of the most complete fossil ever found of a Tyrannosaurus Rex. So that in of itself is incredible that there's actually a copy right here. It's one of the few in the world. But what's even cooler, I was just reading the plaque is that this fossil was discovered in 1990. Now, this park opened in 1998 because the park opened only 8 years after this fossil was even discovered. This is actually really cutting edge archaeology for the time. And this is all the line to get pictures with the front of the attraction. I'm sad that this is closing for many reasons which I'm going to get into in just a moment. But being here and feeling the energy and the good vibes of everyone enjoying something that's meant so much to them for so long is something you just cannot explain. Like so many Dr. Seekers walking around together, getting pictures together, friends in line like laughing as they're waiting for the attraction. Um cast members getting all kinds of little like dinosaurs stickers. And it's so fun to see the good vibes and the energy of all the Disney fans coming together. Okay. This is just why Disney cast members are really the Disney difference. Jonathan taking the second to make a little T-Rex design out of the leaves. Like just little things like that just really elevate the whole Disney World experience. Shout out to Jonathan. Thank you. Now moving up to a maybe underappreciated part of this land. Yes, Chip andale of course always, but also the Cretaceous Trail. Love discovering little details like this in the pavement. You can see the outline of some vegetation. We got little dino prints here. It's these tiny details that really elevate a land and make it feel lived in. This trail here is an example of the original premise of Animal Kingdom that was meant to just kind of be explored of kind of like take trails, take paths, kind of just see where you end up. While this did get some Disney friends on it, it still has very much that original Animal Kingdom vibe to it. But speaking of Disney friends, >> thank you guys. >> They are something else, aren't they? >> Oh my gosh, I was just the last regular guests to ever meet Daisy here at Dino Land. There's some cast members getting their pictures and I'm so glad that they were, but I was just in line ahead of them and they closed it right as I um finished saying hi to her. Now I'm getting a little emotional cuz it's like kind of weird to think like that's never ever going to happen again. Um >> yeah, [cheering] >> I think it's okay to mourn and grieve what this is while still holding space for being excited for what this is going to become. As a millennial, this hits differently because like I remember when Animal Kingdom was the new Disney park. This was part of our Disney. So seeing something that feels so core to childhood disappear feels more than just a normal update. We're losing the last truly authentic opening day experience at Animal Kingdom. And because of when this park began and when I began coming to Disney World as so many millennials did, there's no way that doesn't impact us. >> And I think that that and that idea of change is I think what's so powerful about today and about this whole area is that it's not just that it's you know nostalgia driven. And it's not just it's like anything like anti-IP because this land is turning from an original concept to an IP driven one, but there's so much more unique storytelling that this land represents that we're just not getting anymore at Disney World. So having nonIP driven lands is becoming fewer and fewer in between. And with this area closing for two strong IPs, both Ento and Indiana Jones, which I like both of those IPs, but just that we're losing another nonIP themed land. It's just hard to see, but that's not the only thing that's unique about Dino Land and it closing. Take the ride dinosaur for example. Something that made Dinosaurs so powerful was not just that it told a story, but how it told that story. Storytelling is at the core of everything Disney does. And effective storytelling includes emotion. It has to make you feel something. Now, often at Disney, that feeling is happy. But powerful storytelling really can make us have a spectrum of emotions. In the case of Dinosaur, some of that story and the feeling it evoked was fear. But that fear also created the opposition so that the relief at the end of the ride was even more meaningful. and we're just not seeing that kind of storytelling in the theme parks anymore. Now, whether that's right or wrong as an approach to theme park storytelling, that's totally up for debate because I know this can be a polarizing ride, but the point is it's something we're losing. Dino was also an incredible example of subtle storytelling. They're little details that tells your brain that this is a livedin world and you can see things like faded photos. You can see the hand paintings from the oil from the maintenance shop of this supposed expedition in restaurantosaurus and you see like the dinosaur in the rafter of the main dining area and you wonder who was it that put that dino there or that boot hanging down whose boot is that? And I noticed for the first time today that there's initials on that and it's like who is that? And even if you don't necessarily verbalize that or are aware of that observation, it's little textured details like that that just make this feel like a real place. [cheering] >> Oh my gosh, Chip and Dale literally walking into the sunset. Could that be more [cheering] perfect? I absolutely love seeing [screaming] the crowd of people come together. [cheering] >> Go get that dino, you guys. not just about seeing the characters, but it's about also saying thank you to all the cast members because they're part of what helped us all create memories. And that's really why today matters. It's a place that holds so many memories for so many people. And while the physical place might be leaving us, but remember those memories are going to be carried with us forever, like they kept repeating over the intercom system tonight. And remember is forever good so memories.
