---
video_id: -ASlo7LkjbA
channel: MillennialOnMainStreet
title: "Disney World Updates You Need Right Now (February 2026)"
published: 2026-01-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ASlo7LkjbA
---
before you finalize your Disney World trip. Now, there's a lot going on, but I'm going to break down what actually matters, why it matters for your trip, and even if you don't have a trip coming up soon, it still could be important information for you. First off, this one's going to last pretty much all year, and it impacts the most iconic thing of Magic Kingdom. I'm going to let pass Molly take it away from here. Cinderella Castle. She's beautiful. She is iconic, but she's about to get a makeover. And I actually love this update because it's taking the color scheme of the castle back to the original colors as opposed to the rose gold we got for the 50th anniversary. So, she's getting a glow up back to her original self. Now, Disney has announced that painting is officially underway. Although, we don't see any cranes or any scaffolding or anything right now around the castle. This project is expected to take the majority of 2026. So, with the work happening in the morning, it may impact pictures you're wanting to do at the beginning of your park day. However, if possible, wait until the evening, get this gorgeous golden hour lighting and get your castle pictures without any obstructions. Evening shows and fireworks, anything like that will not be impacted. But there may be some alterations to morning shows once the painting really gets underway. Okay. Now, this isn't going to be just a straightup news spiel. giving you the updates and also why this matters. Disney is our happy place. I want to save you that feeling of like, oh, I kind of wish I knew that ahead of time. That's why I have spent days going around the parks looking at everything. Hours, hours researching everything. But the thing is, I wanted to see for myself and I wanted to go around Disney World and see these changes and more importantly feel the changes. It's like what does this do for your experience when you come to Disney World with so much going on? All of these construction walls right around here are part of a big expansion that is coming to Magic Kingdom. But one of the biggest impacts you need to know right now because this big expansion is not something that's going to directly impact how you do Magic Kingdom in the next couple of months. But what will however is Big Thunder Mountain. Now it has been closed since the beginning of last year. However, it is finally heading in a direction of being reopened soon. Now, there's been no official opening day, but Disney has said that it is expected to reopen this really popular ride in spring of this year. Now, what's really fun as a Disney fan is that this attraction isn't just getting a cosmetic refresh. It is getting everything from all new track to new show scenes and even show scenes inspired by Disney history which as a Disney history nerd I love that we're getting new effects and even a little bit of extra magic as Imagineering calls it tied to the Rainbow Caverns which was an attraction at Disneyland way back in the day and is actually the inspiration for Big Thunder Mountain. So it's cool to see that tied in a little bit more connected. super cool to get a fresh take on this classic attraction. But while it is closed, what that means is that the crowds are going to be dispersed. Because this is a really popular ride and especially something that brings people to the back of the theme park, it's kind of redirecting crowd flow to make other areas and other really popular attractions like Space Mountain, Tron, things like that have a little bit of a higher wait time just because there's not quite as many rides for people to do, especially like these big E ticket, meaning like really popular thrill rides. However, the good news is Disney said the other day that they have finished constructing and laying the last piece for this attraction, and now it's going to be about testing and getting it up and going before we know it. Now, right behind me, kind of everywhere you look, are construction walls, but I can actually like hear machinery happening behind these walls right now. Now, behind the scenes, Cars Land, which is what's going to be back here, actually received new permits. I will say it's kind of weird walking into Frontier Land and just being met with wall because before Rivers of America closed, which is what was here previously, and they've actually drained all of the water from the area. So, that's kind of bizarre as well. But before that, you'd walk out and there'd be just be expansion. It made the whole thing feel a lot more open. Whereas with the walls here, it feels a little bit more like that. Now, what these new permits represent is that Disney is now moving into a next major phase of construction for this massive project. This means that right now the project for the most part has been about like land clearing and prep things that are not too intrusive if you're actually in the park. Although I did drive the back way to Magic Kingdom the other day and saw the land clearing that's going on beyond these walls and oh my goodness, there is a lot happening there. What we're going to start seeing, however, in the next couple of months or so is starting to see more construction and hear more construction actually in the park itself. Now, this land clearing, these permits, this expansion is all tied to Cars Land like I mentioned. And what that means is it's going to be a Route 66 inspired land from the movie Cars, especially get a new attraction as well. So this is not set to open in 2026. So what that means is this area is going to be a little bit out of commission for the next couple of months and kind of just have expectation of hearing some construction noise and maybe even seeing construction very soon. So right now still lots and lots of walls. When Big Thunder Mountain does come back online, it's going to be really helpful relieving some of the waittime pressure on other attractions and it's expected to come back just in time for the spring break crowds. Love that energy of seeing the characters right here as you walk into the area. We're actually seeing Disney do this a bit more, especially in the mornings of having some of our favorite friends out meeting guests in their area instead of their designated meet and greet spots. Now, that's not the case here because the reason our friends are out over here because Storybook Circus, the big top tent, is undergoing a massive refurbishment, which includes the meet and greet area for Goofy, Minnie, Donald, and Daisy. So, if you're looking to meet any of those pals, you'll find them out and about in the Storybook Circus area. Unfortunately, not inside the air conditioned meet and greet like they usually are. Now, there's no reopening date right now um for this area. And as part of the work, I think that the souvenir shop behind me will be closing up some point as well. But you can kind of see they're doing massive work on the big top tent up here. Now, this is a relatively low impact. You know, apart from just not being able to be inside their cute themed meet and greet area, this is actually not a huge change for your Disney day. However, what's interesting is the storybook circus area sits geographically next to this part of Tomorrowland is never this empty, but Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is currently under refurbishment. Now, there is no opening official date as of right now for that. Oh, I should mention that as official dates are announced by Disney, I'm going to be posting them here in the community tab or on um shorts. But right now, spring, the big spring is when it's set to reopen, which makes sense because Imagineers have released a lot of information on what the refresh ride is going to look like. And this is not just like a quick little update. It has been closed since August of last year. And that's because we're getting some major work on this ride. We're getting all new blasters. We're even getting a new character buddy, a new little bits of story scene. So, this is gonna be like Buzz Lightyear 2.0. And I am here for it because this ride is a massive people eater. Not people mover, but that's Patrick, but people eater. And what I mean by that is it's a ride that has a really high capacity because this attraction, it's basically never stops moving. It just keeps going and it can load a lot of people. So having a ride like this that has a high capacity out of commission definitely impacts the wait times and the lines for other parts of this park. Big news from Epcot is that we have Frozen going down for a couple of weeks for a refurbishment. Good news is it's so that they can update the animatronics and we will no longer have the projected faces on Anna and Elsa. So that's great. Bad news is that with it going down is going to be a major disruption to how you could be planning your Epcot day. That's because Epcot doesn't have quite as many rides as like Magic Kingdom here. So there's already going to be more people trying to get into fewer rides. This one specifically is one of the most popular rides and it has been for years now. I think the biggest impact to this, apart from kind of like what I've mentioned with Frozen going down, it's going to make wait times at other rides a little bit longer potentially. It's going to redistribute crowd flow because not as many people are going to be going to uh the Norway pavilion. And where I think that could be the most impactful is in the morning. So if you're doing early entry or rope drop, um having frozen in Norway, it's basically like the middle of the park. So some people they rope drop or hit first thing the rides in the front of the park like Guardians of the Galaxy. Other people, if they're entering in the back of Epcot at the International Gateway area, like if they ride the Skylliner or something, they're oftentimes going to be rope dropping Remy, which is near that park entrance with Norway being right in the middle. It kind of disperses people towards the middle. Without that option, more people are going to be trying for the rides that are closest to either park entrance. So, if you were planning to rope drop Remy or Guardians, know that it's going to be a little bit going to be a little bit more competition. I feel like it's not the right word. There's going to be more people trying to do the same. Let's say that. Now, this is just a theory. I haven't quite tested this out, but that could be good news if you are looking to ride test track because while more people are probably thinking, okay, I'm going to spend my time in the morning getting one of the other big headliner attractions, Guardians or Remy's out of the way, you could probably beline over to Test Track, which is a little further into the park. Plus, Test Track 3.0 opened last year, so if you haven't ridden that, it's a great time to do so. So test track could be a good early morning priority for you. As I always say, have some kind of plan for your Disney day. Don't have to have it all planned out, but at least an idea of what rides you want to ride and make sure to prioritize those. Frozen is going offline January 26th and is expected to reopen in February. So, not too long of a downtime. Now, after that reopens, because we don't have an exact date again, I will let y'all know in some capacity when we do, but when that reopens, I imagine another big attraction at Epcot is going down for refurbishment. That's because we got the announcement that Saurin is going to be getting a new video to celebrate America's 250th anniversary birthday. And it's going to be Saurin over America, which is so fun. We don't have a closure time, but we do know that is set to reopen around Memorial Day. So, I would imagine, put my thinking cap on here, I would imagine that once Frozen comes back online into February or so, that's probably around that time when Saurin's maybe going to start to go offline. So, again, no official dates. I would probably suspect we're thinking like spring break's in the mix maybe like mid-March because we also want to think that flower and garden festival is going to be starting around that time which brings in more crowds especially right at the beginning of the festival but they probably don't want a popular ride like Saurin to be down for too long with spring break crowds. So would say maybe actually even further into midappril accounting for spring break crowds because the way Disney plans all of these like closures and refurbishments is they look at when they expect attendance to be higher. That's why right now we're seeing a lot of attractions closed for refurbishments or updates. We'll talk more about SAR in the future when we get more details on that. But something that is happening right now, which is one of my favorite things Epcot does all year, and that's Festival of the Arts. It is scheduled January 16th through February 23rd. Had to check my notes on that one. It has 20 food booths, tons of new food items. I was looking at the menus for all the food booths here, and they're just like new, new, new. So, there's going to be a lot of fun things to try at this festival, even if you've been before or even if you want to plan for a future visit to Festival of the Arts. That's because my 2026 guide to Epcot's Festival of the Arts helps you understand what's overhyped and what's actually worth it so you can create meaningful memories. I don't know if y'all can hear that. Thanks a zombie.
