---
video_id: Sgq7iClA9do
channel: FreshBaked
title: "We found Boris"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sgq7iClA9do
---
I didn't Okay, get back online. [laughter] I figured I couldn't let you guys leave leave you hanging like that. [laughter] I thought about maybe not coming back, but I'm like, "No, I got to tell them that uh I got to tell them that we found him." Um he was he was stuck or hiding in the garage somewhere. [snorts] Um we went in the garage. That's usually where because he gets he can he likes to you know roam around in the garage sometimes climbing and you know getting behind boxes and stuff. Uh so but usually when we call his name he meows back at us. He's very meowy but he wasn't meowing back. Uh but he was somewhere I so I I though I got I went in the garage and I was moving boxes around and stuff and I guess he figured out how to extract himself from wherever it was that he got stuck. Uh Lisa, yeah, this is the third time now that we've lost a pet and found it. Uh Gucci, you guys know Gucci went Gucci got out. She literally got out, but she she just hid underneath the crawl space of our neighbor's house. And I saw her and I was able to snatch her by the coat and just rip her out of the crawl space of the neighbor's house. And then we found but buddy got out and ran away. Uh and uh I found him three blocks away just running around like a loose idiot. [laughter] Boris is chipped though. Yes. Although I don't know if he had his collar around because um there area the collar's got he's gotten really fat. Boris has gotten kind of fat. So I don't I think I think we had to take it off because it was choking him. We got to get a new one. So we're gonna probably fix that. I don't know. Do chips work without the collar now? I don't know. Oh, Dee, I love that your name is green now. Dee Dee has joined our memberships and now Dee is green. How wonderful. That's great. Thanks, Dee. Liz was on the verge of panic. Well, she was she was in full panic mode, [laughter] but she now she's just upset at Boris for uh you know doing that to her. >> Chips are under the skin. Okay. So, we probably could have, you know, probably found him, I think. Yeah. Meanwhile, Sophie was in the bath the whole time. So, Liz is running around while Sophie's trying to bath. And Sophie's crying in the bath because she she can't get out and help look as she's got to finish her bath. Anyway, back to regular schedule programming, I guess. No, I have never been on a Disney cruise. Did you see the Michael Eisner interview on YouTube? No, but I did see some sound or you know hear about some sound bites and I don't disagree with some of the things I I heard him say. I think >> [sighs and gasps] >> Favorite treat post 1000 p.m. to end your night? Uh, salted pretzel is my favorite late night snack at Disneyland. Yeah, we were pretty worried too. Retro, [laughter] I don't know. We have Gucci's old and we've sort of accepted her fate in the near in the near years. We probably would have been, you know, sad obviously, but Gucci's a baby. He's not even Gucci. I mean, Boris is a baby. He's not even a year year old yet, I don't think. A tattooing sunset stat is still not in the park. No Tatooine Sunset. Do you expect more food offerings for Food and Wine Festival? Gosh, I hope so. It would be a shame if they didn't. Um, I mean, I get it, but uh I would like a couple a few new ones at least. Yeah, CBCJR, get the $5. Thank you, Dave. Just be glad you didn't lose Boris at Disneyland. Can you imagine someone bringing a cat? That's not a thing, is it? People don't bring their cats, do they? There's no such thing as comfort cats, is there? I sure hope not. What are your thoughts on the buffalo chicken beignet sandwich at at Tiana's? I gave it a five out of five. Do you think tears for Lightning Lane will come back to land? What tears are you talking about? Yeah, the cats that are in Disneyland were are there with intent. Uh or there or there were strays already. Yes. Uh Mark, get the $5. Thank you. Sorry about the crane attraction question last week of uh of disrespect intended. I'm not sure what that means. >> Forest wants to apologize for scaring all of us. Get over here, Boris. You big fat douch. >> I have a feeling that he Yeah, like you said, he usually meows. >> Boris is showing contrition right now. Are you contrite, Boris? Do you >> He usually meow back at me, mister. Maybe he was sleeping. >> He doesn't like to be held, so >> you want to hang out in here. >> Bye, Boris. >> Mr. Boris, want to come back? Oh, you're mine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Anyways, everything's fine. Uh, I don't know what we're talking about with the crane question. Uh, Lightning Lane has tears at Disney World. Apparently, when you get a multipass experience is on a tier system. Disneyland has had the tier system forever. They've always had it. Sorry, I was just kind of scanning back for some missed posts. Yeah, Lightning Lane at Walt Disney World is a whole another ballpark, but it works the same except for the fact that you can reserve them in advance. Uh CBC, yes, uh the person, as far as I know, did pick up their treat. He was there when I when I hit the I'm here button. Any plans to go back to knots? Fascinating question. Probably not. Not [snorts] anytime soon. I've been uh focusing almost exclusively on on Disneyland of late, so probably not. Uh in inversion, dude, gifted $5. Thank you. Going to Disney next week and staying at the castle in. Any tips for helping with the cold and wet considering the cold, rainy forecast? I mean, the usual, right? Uh bring an umbrella. Bring a towel. Bring a towel. Um, if you can bring a change of clothes that if you have to keep it in a locker because your socks and everything are going to get wet. Uh, let's see. Parkers are good, you know. Um, certain rides are closed. Um, take care [laughter] or cool. Uh, I I haven't lost the game in such a long time and now you I can't believe you did that to me. I can't believe you did that to me, Dre. Uh, Liz Embroio, hi David. The membership on Apple are different price than Android. I don't know how the prices appear on a given device. I couldn't say. Uh, I I don't know. I know that uh I know that Disney I mean uh YouTube or Apple takes a cut and so does YouTube but I don't know if it's reflect if the price I think no I don't know if it the refle the price is reflected on your end. I do know that when on on the streams uh when you uh when you when you do a super chat with on Android it's an even number $5. On Apple it's $4.99. I don't know if that's what you mean. Do you think the people mover will come back with Disneyland forward? No. No, I don't. Disneyland forward is not affecting Disneyland proper anyway. Disneyland forward is only expansion. That's only new park. What's your challenge for February? Uh, our challenge is uh a speedrun of every Fantasy Land attraction and the goal is to get it done in under two hours. Two hours or under, which it's going to be difficult. Um, I still haven't figured out what my strategy is going to be yet for that. But uh yeah, every every ride in Fantasy Land, all the dark rides, the carousel, Casey, Storybook, uh Mad Tea Party, Matah Horn, Small World, and that's it. What am I filming at? I'm not sure yet. I'm not sure yet. Rope drop Peter Pan. Yes. Although when I did this, the last time I tried this, I roped dropped Peter Pan and it did not go very well. Uh, it took 20 No, Peter Pan was closed, which screwed everything up. Maybe that's the reason why I didn't make it in two hours, but that screwed up everything. Yeah, Small World is definitely last. Matah Horn is probably second to last. Uh I think um probably Matah Horn then Smar is my guess. Or maybe I don't know. Maybe I jump on Matterah Horn. No, I think I did Matterah Horn like third or fourth last year if I recall while I was doing the Mad Tea Party in Storybook. The trick is not to try to rope drop storybook uh because they don't have very many boats out at at the when they open just like Big Thunder. So you got to wait for all the boats to get brought on stage. Memories in motion gift of $5. Thank you. Love getting to see the photos I posted of the construction. Yeah, that was great. On the app of harbor late at night on your video today that thanks for all you do. Your pleasure or our pleasure and thank you is what I was trying to say. Uh for providing those photos. What am I posting tomorrow? I did a last two hours and uh uh yeah, last two hours at uh Disneyland video that's coming up tomorrow. What are the colored index cards behind you? Those are some uh I don't know how to describe it. Those are just kind of plans, notes that I'm making, thoughts, you know, just like brainstorming. [snorts] How about doing every mountain ride challenge at night? I mean, I guess I I don't I mean, it is what it is. It's still every mountain challenge, but we are doing that when again uh the four mountain challenge is coming up again. I don't remember what month we're planning that. >> Uh, Matter Horn Single Rider is a great hack. Well, you know, to be honest, the Matter Horn Single Rider is not that efficient. >> I I have found that it it it's it's kind of luck of the draw. If in the morning at about 8:45 nine o'clock, I think I think there's a reasonable chance I can get through the queue faster in uh standby than I could with lightning. I mean, with single rider, although I have to remember I have to look at my rules for that for that challenge. I'm not sure if single rider is a uh well, I think it must be because this is going to be a Well, I don't know. I think it's not I think it's not allowed because I don't allow it. Do I allow it for the four mountain challenge? Now I got to remember I can't remember if I if I made that rule or not because the idea is to make it a challenge, right? Some cases it might be too easy. >> I don't know. I have to look at that. Uh, I don't follow Locana, so I don't know, Marie, if uh if there if there's anything going on with with at Disney. I don't know if they have any scheduled events. Uh, Trey Kish gets the two bucks. Thank you. Most impacted Lightning Lane ride, Monsters still. Um I'm thinking yeah maybe I maybe yeah uh it certainly has the the biggest effect. Yeah. I don't know why that is to be honest. At Disneyland probably Space Mountain I think. Probably space. Yeah. Uh, Pandora, I did Space Mountain Single Rider at 2 am during the holidays and was on the ride in two minutes. It is the case sometimes that they don't open Single Rider till later in the morning. So, you do I mean it's possible because they don't they don't if it's if it's not busy then they don't ever even start it. They don't even offer it. if it's either if it's too busy or not busy enough. Like Goofy Sky School, they close single a rider at a at a certain point if they're not if if if the attraction is too busy, which is weird because I would think it doesn't hurt at all. Will you be doing your state of Disney report on Monday? Yes, we will. Yes. Trey Kish, get the $5. Thank you. Did you like the updates they did to Snow White? Um, overall, yes, I think it was an improvement overall. There are some things that, um, well, actually, I'm trying to think. Uh, maybe the breaking glass thing. I don't really care for that because it's a pure projection. Uh, the high ho is pretty projection also, but I think it works out well enough. Yeah, I think overall it is an improvement. Yes. How long will it take for Pandora to open? Uh, seven years maybe. Watch your state of DC. Have you done some more research on those ramps in the show building? Yes. Well, I've I've had comments and somebody said, "No, those aren't ramps. That's just supporting steel." So, and I realized after after the fact after I recorded that video, I'm like, "Well, you get up to the other levels just with an elevator." Uh, just like in Rise, you get locked into the thing and then it lifts you up and then they drop you. They could probably do something like that. I think >> Trey Keshi gets the two bucks. Thank you. Have you seen Happily Ever After at Walt Disney World? I have not seen any fireworks at Disney World like sat and watched them. I've seen them peripherilally as I'm going around the park, but I've never actually sat and watched them. Are you going to track the construction of it for the entire seven years? I'm going to uh track the construction of anything and everything for as long as I'm doing this show. Yeah. So, that includes uh Pandora. You bet. When do T D23 tickets go on sale? I wish I knew. It's [snorts] got to be coming up soon. Trey, get the two bucks. Thank you. Is July 6th through 9th an Okay, time to go. Yes, Cohen Film get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Do you think they would need a transportation system to Toy Story Lot once they developed the land? Good question. What would they do by that time? I would hope that they would have their own transportation system, which I think is still the endgame. I think Disney wants to control it because they want to try. This is something we mentioned in our video on FreshBake Presents that Disney is still in the mood to make the Disneyland Resort a a larger vacation destination more like what it more like at um Walt Disney World and I think that they want to in the end manage their own transportation. Today it's not necessary but uh given enough time and if enough expansion I think it's possible that they could do that. Yes. And I [snorts] do think it's possible that they're gonna buy those buses. [laughter] I think they will. And it's possible, by the way, that that work we've been talking about for the bus routes on Disneyland Drive and Catella is is for Disney buses long-term Disneyland forward type stuff, which is what I meant what I said I think two weeks ago. I mean, it's going to come into effect today, but I think the the the plan for that is long term because that's a lot of work. It's a lot of effort just to make a tighter turn radius. So, it has to there has to be a bigger plan, something bigger in the grand scheme of things than just making it easier for a bus to make a right-hand turn on the Disneyland Drive. Uh, trade condition, give the two bucks. Thank you. Least favorite park at Walt Disney World? Hollywood Studios. Too many shows. Hollywood Studios. Way too many shows. Not enough rides. I'm not a show guy. I'm a ride guy and I'm a I'm a themed environment guy and the only the only themed environment you have there is Galaxy's Edge and Toy Story. The other environments are like kind of meh. I don't like the Hollywood theme at all. Um I don't care for that in even a little bit. So that doesn't count in my book. Plus there's just way too many shows. Way way way too many shows. Trey gets the two bucks. DCA or Hollywood Studios? DCA. DCA is better than Hollywood Studios, even though they're very similar. Isn't Guardians at Hollywood Studios? Uh, you mean Tower of Terror? Yes, but that's just one ride. They literally only have what? Okay, let's just do them all. Tower of Terror, Rock and Roller Coaster, uh whatchamacallit, uh the two rides in Toy Story Land, um Slinky Dog and Buzz Layer, uh Star Tours, Rise, Smuggler's Run. That's seven. Am I missing any? Seven. I don't think I missed any. Right. Oh, yeah. Runaway Railway. So, there's eight. Eight rides total. Oh, and Toy Story. I forgot Toy Story also. So, that's nine. Nine rides. Not enough. That's not enough. Although, there's about that many at DCA, I think. How many are DCA? Okay. Uh, Monsters, Inc., Guardians, Web Slingers, Saurin, Grizzly, Little Mermaid, Goofy Sky School. Oh, there's a lot more. Uh, uh, Golden Zephyr, Swings, Emotional Woman. Obviously, these are not huge attractions. Toy Story, Raider Springs, Maiders, Luigi's, Incredic Coaster. So, I'm at 15 now, right? 15. Did I Did I skip jumping jelly cars? Did I? Yeah. 17. So, no. What was that? 15 17? I don't know. Yeah. So, there's definitely more. Nine rides is not enough. Nine rides is not enough. I did say Alien Spin at Toy Story. I call it Buzz Lightyear. Oh, in the carousel. I forgot about the carousel. Yeah. Oh, it's 8 o'clock. [laughter] Wow, I got ahead of us. So, I guess we lost some time because of course Boris, but I do have to quit even though it's we had some time off. Uh, I do have to still do things after 8:00. So, I did not forget Star Tours. Um, so thanks guys. I appreciate you watching and thank you for being concerned about my cat. Boris is alive and well. Thank you. And we'll see you next time. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh baked.
