---
video_id: v3by10c4azE
channel: FreshBaked
title: "What Disneyland Looks Like After Everyone Leaves"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3by10c4azE
---
There's a way to go to Disneyland that makes you feel like you've got the whole park to yourself. It's not easy to do. It takes some effort, but we're going to do it tonight twice. And I think we're in for one tonight, you guys, because it is packed out here on Voya Vista Street. I've already taken like five selfies before I even got the intro shot. Uh, incredibly, uh, energetic night here. And yes, so what we're planning to do is one of my favorite things to do. And I love closing the parks. Closing a Disneyland park anywhere is one of the most uh aesthetic like uh Wow. But it's not closing time yet. Uh aesthetic um intimate things you can do. It's the way to really uh reach out and and get in touch with Disneyland. Love doing it. It's one of my It's well it's my second favorite time of the day obviously and uh one of the fun little twists that we do on that is doing it twice. We're starting here it's 7 o'clock on Boyis Street and we're going to close DCA here tonight at 9:00 and then head over to Disneyland and close Disneyland up until 11:00. We're going to get twice twice the closing the park magic. I am super excited. What do we have in store for us tonight, by the way? >> We have Well, I'm expecting because it's so busy and I don't I don't think we're going to have very much luck with the with the cues tonight. We'll probably have a a more casual affair here at DCA. But having said that, still I I do think this is one of the more aggressive schedules, especially when we get to Disneyland. Uh I'm looking forward to uh getting an adult beverage up here. We're going to go to a place that I've been talking about going and haven't been five 6 years maybe. I don't want to tell you where we're going yet, but uh we're going to we're going to start in a very casual way. Uh then we're going to hope to ride in Credit Coaster. Uh hopefully uh well, we'll see how that goes, but we're going to try to ride in Credit Coaster. Uh and then we're going to head over to Goofy Sky School hopefully. Again, crowds permitting. Pretzel and a beer perhaps while watching World of Color at about 900 p.m. And then we're going to be here a little after 9. And we're not we're going to close it a little bit extra. So, we're not going to be able to get to Disneyland until closer to 9 well 9:30 probably. And that's when we're going to start hustling. At 9:30, I'm hoping that well, we're going to we're going to be on Main Street at 9:30 for the fireworks. We're going to try to get the Astro Order right after that, assuming the que's not too bad there again. And maybe if we're lucky, we can catch the fireworks from the Astro Orbiter, which is always amazing. Uh, teacups. Uh, Tiana's maybe pirates. The plan is is to end the night at Pirates at 10:59. That's a big night. That's going to be a fun night. The challenge is going to be if we can get all that done. But no matter what we get done, we're going to have an amazing time doing it cuz we're closing two parks. Let's get started. I have long maintained it perhaps the single best sweet treat that you can get at this park or possibly in the entire Disneyland Resort is the Pixar Pure Parfait. It's it's the blue raspberry mixed with lemon uh lemon saucer with a cherry on top. And I I had those I had one of those the very first day this this uh this place opened and I got a bunch of them since then. But it's been years cuz I keep I keep, you know, getting the new stuff and I keep forgetting about coming back here and I talk about it all the time in uh our state of Disneyland or state of DCA reports how how much I miss that. That is on the menu just now. Pixar pure parfait, but we're going to, you know, spice it up a little bit with a little bit of rum. You're getting the adult beverage version. 3 or 4 minutes later. There it is. My Pixar pure parfait. blue raspberry like slushy lemon soft serve. There's my cherry. And then somewhere along the way, I don't know where the the rum is. Maybe it's down there. I'm going to have to wait a little while to get there. It's going to be a regular Pixar pier farfet for a while. No tables out here on the Pixar pier. So, we're uh doing this fair style posted up on a trash can. Oh my god, it's so good. What is it about? Jeez Louise, they're having fun. Hopefully that's us later. I The queue looks pretty nasty. I mean, it's still possible. I I budgeted 30 minutes. I budgeted getting out of there by 9. Hopefully that does. No, by 8. I'm sorry. I think we could probably manage that. But let me talk Let me talk about this. I don't know what it is about lemon soft serve. Fantastic. There's a little bit of that blue raspberry on there. That's when things get really interesting when you mix that in with the blue raspberry. And again, it's going to get even more interesting when we find that rum. Oh, there it is. I think I got some. I think there is some in the middle way. Uh I'm going to work on this for a little while, you guys. It's a little chilly out. I hope this doesn't get too cold. going to work on this while we enjoyed the the launch of Incredib Coaster and then we're going to try to get in that queue. Cheers. I don't think I will be getting into single rider all the way out here at Coco. That is uh not a bargain. I'm going to hope They're sitting. Okay, that's not good. They're sitting. That means single light rider is not moving with pace and intelligence. Meanwhile, this queue is out here on the pier. But you know what? I'm not afraid. I am not afraid. I'm in this queue. It moves fast. And I did start a queue, of course. Got in the queue at 7:16. And I hopefully I think I've marked the back of the queue for for single rider. We're going to see if we can't race these guys. I don't know how easy it's going to be in the queue. Uh, I can It's a little easier to watch it from a distance, but we're going to race these guys. But I got a pretty good feeling we're going to win that race. They look stuck. Still working on this, by the way, but it's too cold. I don't think I can do my thing. I didn't even look at this at the postal wait time, but damn. 15 minutes. Still not scared. We're We're already cruising. We're doing great. We're already in the little bonus section inside the queue proper. And I do like the looks of this queue. There's movement and a bunch of different sections and there's practically nobody enlightened right now. Let's go. Cheers. >> Well, I'm pretty sure I jinxed it. I'm trying to find the single rider, >> the back of single rider, >> and I think I actually have it. I think they're out here on the uh the platform after you. That that might be it. I'm not positive. But anyway, I jinxed it. No sooner did I say that we were feeling good that a metric ton of single or lightning lanes showed up there and slowed us way down. We are now at 20 almost 30 minutes now and we're still just on the first flight of switchbacks. We're maybe two fifths of the way, maybe a third of the way through the switchbacks, then the stairs, then the then the downward stretch. So, we're looking at 45 minutes. Uh, and that's if things go well from here. I was wrong. I was so wrong. >> 5 4 3 2 1 Heat. Heat. return. Thank goodness. 55 minutes. All right. >> 55 minutes. Okay, let's get back to work here with 30 minute queue here at Goofy Sky School. Well, it's supposed to 30 at 8:27. Uh, we'll be doing well to get this done in 30 minutes. I'll say that. Uh, we've got two cues here and a whole section over there. Luckily, I Oh, I know. Wait, check that. There is lightning lane also. We are not going well tonight. Goodness. Thank goodness we have This isn't about knocking out rides tonight. Thank goodness. This is about the magic and wonder of closing the park. Even DCA, it's going to be busy here when we leave. uh uh you know, World of Color will be going and there's going to be a lot of people exiting. It's going to be kind of mad. Not like Disneyland. Thank goodness. I talk about this a lot. The the vibe shift when you start in DCA, especially when you start in DCA and then switch to Disneyland, the vibe shift is incredible. So, we're going to have that to look forward to as well. Not to mention the fireworks that are going to be happening as we get there. And then once those fireworks stop, we've got about I don't know, maybe 80 minutes of just absolute magic. Absolute magic. I've been rolling for uh I don't know, three two two and a half three minutes here total and uh we haven't moved. And we out. We out. They just It's going very poorly. I've noticed it. I observed it right away. It's going very poorly. And now they just said, "Uh, yeah, we're going to break down for a minute." What's up? >> Uh they said we're going to break down for a minute. keep your place in line if you want, but uh we're on hold and it's already uh it's already 8:38, so uh plan two. Ah, yes. There we go. That's just about perfect. I was thinking there's not much I can do if I want to get a pretzel by 9:00 p.m. It's going to be close. Even still, it is 8:42. But I think we'll be on our clamshell in a couple of minutes. And then we're already into the show building here. I think we'll be in our clamshell a couple of minutes and be under the sea and then out of the sea in another five. That gets us to 849 850. Walk it back to Bayside Bruce or no Bayside Bruce. Wait, is that right? >> Yeah, I was thinking. Anyway, Bayside Bruce with that pretzel and then catch a little back on track emotionally speaking. under there was lots of dancing and singing. You want I got 20, but who cares? No big deal. Seems like we got to do those poor unfortunate souls. Heat. Heat. But anyway, that's the story of all the women. Well, one thing did go right. We're arriving here at Bayside Brews at 8:56 p.m. I think they they've got to have one more pretzel in there, I think. And we're going to endeavor to see if there's any place to sort of just catch the air of World of Color over here in the area beneath Silly Symphony Swings. There is a bench and it looks like all the other reasonably good spots are taken. We'll call this bench right here ours and get a look at the shoulders the shoulders of World of Color. Or maybe not. Okay, one more bench up a slightly better view. It's a terrible view of all the color in general because as I mentioned, you're seeing sort of a side view. But I mean, if you've seen the show before, you know what it's about. I just infer from reference. Okay, I hear you say stepped out for a bit because I want to see some well at least a little bit of empty park. They I was going to try to go this way, but you can't. Uh it used to be you could go back. I I've watched World of Color from back there before, but uh they've got a security out there now. He's saying you can't go that direction. That's too bad. I'm church and I always Seriously, >> there you have a parachute. >> Yes. >> There are still guests on Incred Coaster. I just saw a car go by. We can come up this way, but we can't go around the other side. Probably because there are guests exiting still from the Incredic Coaster. It looks like Oh, I hear screamers. All right, that's so cool. I think the last guest may have just boarded because I don't see anybody in the queue and it's really dark. I can't tell if that thing has got guests in it or not. >> Yeah, I heard somebody. Oh yeah, there's an ear. >> Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. I can't see anybody, but that sounded great. That felt good. There's some guests coming back in the station there, but yeah, that's it. Oh, light. Light. Huzzah. That's what I'm talking about. Just doing things that are like you just can't do when the park is full of gas. When the park is open, you can't do this. This is extra. I had I had we had to endure and we did have to endure in credit for uh and the rum didn't help. We got bounced out of Goofy Sky School, but we got Little Mermaid. We got that pretzel over there. A goal was achieved. And now we're feeling that feeling of being and doing a thing in a park that you just you can't do. I This is so rare. This is so rare. In a minute, there's going to be nobody here in just a few minutes. That show will be over. It is over. I think maybe. I don't know. Is that the finale? Is there another? >> Yeah, I think they just said another car. But there's just so much good energy, right? It just there's hardly anybody here, but everybody's super happy. the happiest they ever been. The happiest that they've ever been. >> I was It was touch and go there for a second. I'm not going to lie. It was touch and go. >> That I can't tell if there's a guest in there. >> That looks empty. House lights just went up. That's the end of that show. And this is what's left of Pixar Pier. It is 9:22. Two guests still left in Single Rider. I'm just kidding. Cool. Cool. Yeah, that's an empty. That's an empty. Okay. So, they're just they're just cycling vehicles now. I didn't know they did that after after shutdown or after the park closes. It is 9:30 and I just saw the first flare of fireworks. Let's uh park hop over to Disney. Crush through the Esenade. This is going to be an adventure, by the way. The Espanade. It is quite a scene. Quite a scene. Uh during the fireworks time as everybody's both car hopping and stopping in the middle of the Espanade to watch the show. >> I love it. Woo! I need better. We have a nice That actually went a lot smoother than I thought it would. 9:33. We're already over here at Disneyland. We get to make that walk down Main Street that I'm so looking forward to tonight. Things are rolling. We're having magic. And uh if we're lucky, I can get down Main Street with reasonable efficiency and maybe Astro Orbiter isn't too busy. I don't I don't want to hope too much. Heat. Heat. We are so in Disneyland right now. HOW ABOUT that vibe? That vibe switch, man. Right. Amazing. Heat. Heat. I want to spread over something. My favorite parts. My favorite part. She right there. Yes, there is. Yeah, it's 9:39. >> We're well into the show. I don't think I don't think I can get through in time. I'm going to go anyway. I'm going to try. >> It's kind of amazing how much better this show is than Wondrous. This has given me so many feels just walking down the street. And not even just the um the fireworks, but I mean that helps a lot. But just the musical cues and the arrangement, it's so much more energizing and uplifting than uh Miller Happiness is. Sorry. I'm sorry, Disney. That was just a snoozer for me. Uh I'm trying to be kind, but anyway. Yeah, I don't think there's any chance. There's no chance we're getting. They still haven't held their tickets together. Uh we're three or four rotations out. So that's that's 15 minutes at least. Not going to make it, but we will see a good look at the crowds perhaps while we're up there. >> Please make sure all the ones are seated all the way down. Bottom to bottom. There is no lasting lifting the little one. Pull the lever to go up. Switch to go back down and turn. >> What is it doing? Awesome. >> Landing procedures. >> Please remain seated until your rocket ship comes to a complete stop. I >> forgot to set that thing up, man. I was having so much fun just kind of chilling. I was actually watching the fireworks and I forgot to shoot the end. I was vibing so hard at Astra Orbiter that I just completely forgot what I was doing. Anyway, uh yeah, that was 15 minutes uh to get to the vehicle. So, we were way off on catching any part of the fireworks there. But fun ride here. I was that guy the dad behind me but I had such a bandit vibe. Uh I was really enjoying that with this kid. That was great. But um yeah, Astro I think you know I I've been also chilling out taking B-roll and I'm I'm like oh no I'm behind schedule I think. Let me see here. >> Yeah, I'm supposed to be >> Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Love you. >> Yeah, you too. Thank you. I was supposed to be uh where am I supposed to be? Teacups. Oh, I got time. I still got time. >> It's 10:04. I ain't got to be till teacups till 10 or 1010. I tell you what, Astro Orbiter, it really is a five. You know, there's we have these conversations a lot about what makes a good ride, you know, like is it necessary to have to be the biggest thing? Does it have to be, you know, the most impressive technology and the best animatronics? What makes a good ride? And sometimes it's just pure vibe. Astro Orbiter is just pure vibe. It is the perfect attraction here uh at the entrance to Tomorrowland. I really dig it out here in front now. Um and it's it's just such a it's such a Disneyland vibe. It makes me happy. And isn't that really the bottom line is just how happy it makes you? I love I don't like spinners. I get nauseated, >> but I do it anyway because I just really, really love Disneyland. And I really, really love the feeling of being at Disneyland. And that's one of those things that really makes you feel like Disneyland. And that's where we're going next. Another attraction that I do, and I I I talk about this abusively every time you're going, we're going purely for the vibes. Oh, thank you, Alice. We're going to jump right here in the queue. This again, it's just it's for me, it's just the lights and the color and the feeling. And it looks like we're going to be on the next the next rotation. Yeah, they just closed it. Okay. Yeah, next rotation. Oh, there it goes. I love how you you cannot escape this queue. There's no uh there's no working around these rails. You can't they can't do any kind of chain maintenance here. >> It is what it is. You got to walk the whole thing. Ta. Please again listen carefully everybody. >> Oh my god, he took Gal. How exciting. Folks, the feels I'm getting. >> Look at that, guys. I got myself a pink teacup. Wasn't even trying. >> The guest went straight for Oh, no. >> It wasn't teal. He was going for the blue. I can't see at night. >> I have a really good feeling. We're in this vehicle now at 10:17 and I'm supposed to be at Tiana's at 10:30, giving us 30 minutes to finish that ride and get to Pirates. I'm feeling pretty good. I thought I wasn't going to make all this and we did. It's It took us an hour. It took us an hour to ride a coaster. Things are going good. Heat. Heat. team. >> Thank you for your fitting seat. >> And that is 10:22 into Fantasy Land on our way to Bayou Country. I'm feeling pretty good about uh getting Tiana's Bayou adventure done. I need to be out of there at about uh 10:50, I think, you know, just to be safe so that I can walk up and into Pirates. I mean, I'd love to be 1059. I'd love to be able to get the last boat, but I'm not going to like go out of my way, I don't think, to try and do that. If it happens naturally, more or less, then I'll go for it. Um, so yeah. Uh, let's see. It's 10:22. That means that gives us 28 minutes to walk there. It's It says 15 minutes, but I doubt that. I think it's probably a walk-on. Uh, so looking like five, guys. Who say? >> Uh, yeah. 10 minutes to walk there, 5 minutes in the queue, 15, another 8 minutes on the ride, two out, 10, what did I say? 20 25 and then uh yeah, 10 minutes 25. Yeah, 25, I guess. 25 all in from now. Yeah, man. That gets us at 48. We'll be theoretically we're at the pirates entrance at 10:50. But I took a little longer than I thought because I I paused to take a bunch of B-roll. We've arrived here at Tiana's at 10:32. Uh, and one thing I noticed along the way is that uh, well, it's 28 minutes to closing, but you can start you're starting to feel that thinning out sensation. Uh, and it's going to get even more so when we're done here with Tiana's again. Hopefully, we're out of here. We've got uh 18. We've got 18 minutes, give or take. Uh, two or three. Maybe we have maybe a 2 or 3 minute cushion if we can walk swiftly to Pirates after this. Uh, it's still posted at 15, but I don't think that is uh right. No, I don't think that's right. I I think this is going to be a straight walk on, but I'm already feeling that feeling of on the verge of having to park all to ourselves, like everybody's leaving and we're, you know, we're staying kind of thing. It feels really cool. It feels really cool. You can see it right here in the back of Bayou Country. Not a lot of action out here. Oh no, I was way off. Oh no. 34 if we are actually waiting 15 minutes. This is a long ride. This a 8 minute ride. 10-minute ride. Blueig. >> There's no lightning lane. >> Can we get out of here in 10 minutes? >> 10:35 right now. >> I can't believe I haven't gotten out of this queue yet. 10:35. I don't know, man. >> Wow, >> you guys. 10:40 9m minute ride. Let's see. Uh, one. So, figure two, three. Yeah, man. I think we're going to make it. Look out by you. Here we come. >> Well, that's all right, Louis. We're just hitting our stride. They're all musicians out here. These tiny musicians you found really bring the heat. We don't care. Heat. Heat. Okay. All right. Uh 10:54. I think we can get there in 6 minutes. I'm pretty sure I can walk to Pirates in 6 minutes, but it worked out in the sense that now we're going to arrive at 10:59 probably. God, what if we don't? Oh my gosh. Uh okay, 10:54. I don't I I think I think I can do this. I think I can walk the pirates in six minutes. Heavens. By the way, I stopped recording right at the drop. I was hold I was holding on so tight to the camera that I hit the stop button right as we were splashing down. You guys hear that? It's the finale. It's the fantastic finale. There he is right there. He's right there. Oh, he's I saw him. That was awesome. Might have been one of my favorite moments of the night right there saying Mickey uh doing his bit here at the end of Fantasma. How wonderful. Some imagination, huh? And I think we're good. 10:56 says my wife's face. So, it's just like a threem minute walk from Tiana's for those wondering. Now, the question is, do I try to wait for the last boat? No, I'm good. I've done it before. It's amazing, but I'm good. >> Okay, here we go. 1058. Roll it in. 1058. Hello guys. >> Hey, how are you? What's up, guys? >> Hey, how's it going? >> What's up? What's up? >> Through the doors at 10:59. So, just about a minute from the threshold to this point. And right now out there is a cast member getting ready to put the chains up. Just busy right now. Uh, normally it's not like Well, cuz it's fantasmic. Normally, it's dead and and there's not a lot of stress in putting the chains up. Oh, it just hit 11. It just hit 11. My wife's face says it's 11, which means they're putting the chains up. And some of those guests out there are not going to get into Pirates of the Caribbean. But we are. We're going to close it out. And then the real magic begins because the park will have been closed for a good 15 minutes when we get out there. So, it's going to be real quiet. One place. Can I wait for the back? When your boat stops, become an adventure in salty pirates. Sure. Yeah. No. No. Heat. See that? and God forbid and I'll say skull ugly and vigot. 10 uh 10:18 10 or 11:18 I should say 11:18 the park is closed and as we make our way out we should be finding a very very empty Disneyland Nice. >> There were people that were like, "We're lucky." Like we were the next ones to go on stuck in the Quite literally a feeling unmatched. >> Unmatched. You go to Disneyland just like we were saying we're at DCA like you get to that point. There's a certain point you're just like okay this is this is separate. This is different. This is unique. It feels like you know you've accomplished something. We're doing something that nobody else I mean there's a hundred you know well hundreds I should say not a hundred but there's so few people here like that's how few get to this point that's how few choose to stay at this level you could I mean the whole park could stay here if they wanted right but everybody just you know and I get it tired you know what I mean and I've only been here since seven I can't imagine what it would be like for people who have been here all day. Uh but it's still pretty cool and it's something that you really got to you got to do every now and then. >> I'm going to try to go >> connect, you know, everyone and >> for sure it's a thing that people linger with intent. They linger in these areas like I'm kind of moving through here, but you know, you just walk by, you'll see all kinds of people just standing here sort of taking in. We talked about this in a in a previous closing report, which we're approaching that spot soon, where, you know, there's nothing to do. >> There's nothing open, no rides to go on, no shows to see. Every restaurant is closed except for Gibson Girl, I think. Uh, so the people who were choosing to be here are here for the love of the game. I think that's amazing. I think it's beautiful. It's just a moment. Hey guys, how's it going? >> How you doing? >> Good. Good. You know, another thing that I talk about often >> is that churo at the hub. I'm sorry, not at the hub at town square. The town square churo. Maybe they're still open. Let's go check. 11:26. Look at the size of this queue at the churro cart. But I were just a a little too casual, a little too late. You see a cast member at the end of line. You know that means it's closed. They've closed the queue. I do have the backup plan. Fingers crossed on the backup plan. on the eyes. >> Taking our treat, which I have not yet revealed. up here to Main Street Station for the Disneyland Railroad because I love this spot after closing. Not a churro. Churro toffee. That'll do. I love toffee. I love churros. I almost got the Gibson girl. That was still open also. Gibson girl. It's a little too chilly. Still a little bit wet from Tiana's. Still a little bit of cold from our Pixar Pier Parfait. This will be actually awesome with a cup of coffee, but this is pretty good by itself. One more task tonight, though. I'm going to finish my churo toffee, get back up to the top of Main Street, close this thing out. And that right there is pretty much what's left of the crowds here. Those three guests right there. Uh the uh security are starting to do their Hi. Or good night. Good night. Oh, there he is. Guys, good night. >> A friend of the show there. Um there's a couple more on the sides here, but the security, but they do their little gentle push that goes I mean it starts like 34. It takes forever for them to get all the way down here. But they made it. They've made it to the hub, which means this is it. This is Disneyland at closing. It is 11:45. One of the most beautiful times you'll ever find at Disneyland. Even rope drop doesn't match this because it's actually quite hectic at rope drop. It's a wonderful time to be here, but it's very hectic. This is the complete opposite. Anybody else? You are sorry.
