---
video_id: 9uq_M7vV5io
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Our ELEMENT Hotel Experience | Room Tour and to the Park Recon"
published: 2026-02-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uq_M7vV5io
---
In our ongoing quest to stay in as many hotels as possible around the Disneyland Resort, we're staying tonight. We have been hosted, invited to stay here at the Element Hotel, uh just on the other side of the future Eastern Gateway project. We're around the corner from Disneyland, around the corner from Garden. We're guys, we're going to show you guys what that experience is like staying out here just off Hummer Boulevard, just off property. [music] All >> [music] [music] >> right, welcome to the element. Uh we're going to do a quick tour here of the room, which by the way is a very interesting sort of setup. It's long as opposed to >> I love the length. Yeah, >> I do. I love the long uh hallway. I think it's great. That's the first thing that drew my eyes was like this little kitchen the kitchenet which by the way >> so >> kitchenet [laughter] for one night. >> I know. >> But uh it's got I mean it's it's got everything you would have want. Uh you know even even quote unquote a dining table right here. >> Uh which is fascinating. Um >> maybe we do get some cereal in the morning. >> I know, right? Uh show me they got a dishwasher. Are you kidding? When's the last time you've seen >> a hotel with a dishwasher? >> Oh yeah, right. just for like, you know, a little family. It's cute. >> Yeah. Well, that's what this is. We got the the family uh room today, which does include, by the way, it comes with the child. It comes with a child and a bunk bed. She's already taking advantage of that. Say hello to everybody, >> Sophia. >> Say hi. Okay. Uh so [clears throat] that we'll get into that in a minute. >> But yeah, you've got dishes, microwave. I love a microwave. >> Yeah. A stove. >> Wait, what the what? I know. Look at these pots and pans. They're like good pots and pans. >> Yeah. Is that stainless steel? >> It's a stainless [laughter] steel. >> Uh fridge, naturally. Yeah, of course. >> Nice size fridge. They have a little toaster oven. >> What? Well, that's just a toaster, but that's okay. >> I mean, toaster. [laughter] >> Whoops. Toaster. >> Okay. >> No oven. We do a stove. Okay. Uh so, we got the two uh two queens. Wait, is that a queen? That's not a queen, is it? >> There. And according to our daughter Sophia, there's a two TVs. Yes. Uh there's this the main TV for the for the, you know, the main room here. We got a TV there. But Sophia does get her own TV. >> She gets her own TV here. >> Yeah. I don't know. I don't know bed sizes. But anyway, um anyway, >> that one I get that one. >> Okay. Uh they don't, by the way, those those were gifted to Sophia by our hostess today, so they don't come with the room, but there are cute little Mickey minis on the bed. Um very cute. Very I mean >> adorable little room. Okay. >> We've got a closet which is pretty standard. >> Yeah. Look how nice. >> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, there's a safe too. Uh which is pretty typical. Uh we got two Well, no. Uh a sitting desk and then I don't know what that thing is for. I guess for putting stuff on. >> Yeah, I would say like your suitcase you >> Yeah. Okay. Oh, yeah. It's where if you have to open up the suitcase and you know you want to Yeah. Okay. Uh but it's that Yeah. So, it's great because [clears throat] it's kind of like it's very like um organized and >> that's why I think I like it. My my OCD organized in like coloration heart is very happy. It's very light and airy. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And doesn't not like too dark or too bright. It's just >> Yeah. >> Very peaceful. >> Little something for the whole family. If you want to do some work, you can do some work. If you want to do some cooking, you can do some cooking. If you want to do some relaxing, you can go, you know, maybe I'll just take the lower bunk today. Maybe that's what I'll do tonight. >> I don't It might be You want to try? Am I too Am I too tall? No, you get in. You try. You try. >> Well, obviously I know I'm gonna fit. Okay. But you're six foot. >> Yes. Okay. Sophia's gonna try to uh get down the stairs. [clears throat] >> Can you be a ladder? >> Uh oh, yeah. Ladder. Oh, yeah. I fit six foot and all. >> Good for you. >> Yeah. >> Luckily, she's not miked up. This is great. And by the way, thanks to our hosts here for the cookies in Saratoga. What is that? Spray natural spring water and some balloons. I'm sure Sophia will enjoy those. Are you managing? >> Yeah. >> Okay. And almost forgot the restroom. >> Good. >> Pretty standard looking here. Uh typical. Let me see. Do I have to get into the shower? No, I don't. See, now some hotels they put this over there so that you have to reach around this thing. You have to kind of get in it to turn it on. I hate that. That drives me nuts. The the handle's got to be on the door side of things, so I appreciate that. Uh, but yeah, otherwise fairly routine restroom. It does have one of these deals. All right, so that's a quick tour of the room. Let's go check out the rest of the hotel. Uh, obviously there's a lot of amenities here for the whole family. We're going to go get a tour right now. The Element Hotel in Anaheim is a a Disneyland good neighbor hotel that feels designed with families [music] and business guests in mind, clean and organized with modern sensibilities and with a touch of whimsy. You'll even find some hidden Mickeys in the lobby. Complimentary breakfast is served every morning. One of my favorite hotel perks. And I will observe that the offerings are quite healthconscious with many vegan and gluten-free options. I personally though was fond of the oatmeal with that little seasoning [music] part. It's a nice touch. Now, the outdoor area is kind of fascinating. It's more than just a swimming pool. You can actually barbecue out there. It's bring your own meat, of course, but if you're staying a little wild, you want to save some money, but you still want to have fun cooking, you can barbecue at the element. Delightful setting. Swimming pool, of course. Oh, and this is something that both Sophia and I enjoyed all day. Complimentary water and coffee. As part of our tour, we were shown a couple of the other available rooms. This is the studio suite with a park view, but for me, it's the eastern gateway view suite. [laughter] Great view of the cast member parking lot that will soon be demoed. They're going to build a new parking structure for guests. Here's another studio suite. A little bit more basic than the first. loving the Element Hotel, especially for those families who are business travelers who are having an extended stay, but still want the the comforts of home. In the short [music] time we were there, I couldn't help but have the feeling that we were being really well taken care of. So thoughtful and considerate with guests in mind. My It's my favorite kind of experience. It's the way guests should be treated always, no matter [music] where you are. Now, part of these videos, I want to know what is the experience like for guests who are going to Disneyland and for those who maybe want an otherwise fun night out if you're not going to Disneyland. >> Uh, now this hotel is just around the corner from Garden Walk and we're going to uh show you guys about how long it takes to walk there. We're going to walk there hopefully and then show you some of the >> amenities that are available at Guardwalk, which I mean, well, we're going to show you what it's like to be there, but we're going to get some dinner, maybe do some bowling and and and and time it. We're going to do a little recon to show you how close that is to Garden Walk. Uh, and then back to the hotel. Our host uh advised us that they have this fun little Did you guys see this yet? >> Yes. >> They they've got these little >> They've got these Mickey feet out here. These >> hold them. This is your walking path. As you leave the hotel, if you just follow these footsteps, >> it'll take you in the right direction towards Disneyland, which I assume would also take us to Garden. I'm just going to go ahead and assume that because uh that's Garden is in between uh the hotel and the Disneyland Resort. Where too? >> Where two? >> We're still going. >> We're still going. I'm tripping out how close we are. This is where Liz and I were that one time we were getting video out here looking for paint out [laughter] here on >> Yeah, there's paint. There's paint right here. Uh yeah, that's the Eastern Gateway is happening all along here. >> Corner of Disney Way and Clementine. There's the element right there. And then caddy corner to that is Gardenwalk right across the way. And seven minutes later, we're at the threshold to Garden Walk. We got to walk through because we're having dinner at Bubba Gup Shrimp on the opposite side. But uh yeah, just a quick 7minute walk to get you into, you know, the entrance here to Garden Walk. And now we're going to show you what Garden Walk is like on a Friday night. [panting] It's [laughter] Gardenwalk has a reputation for being dead. Like nothing happens here. I don't know how they're still in business. So >> much potential. >> Oh, I know. You think it would be great, right? There's a closed steakhouse. Uh but it's a shame because there's a lot of really, you know, opportunities for new foods and new shopping >> like a like a little Disney Springs or a little downtown. >> It should be something, but >> city walk, you know. >> Yeah. But this is Yeah, it is literally prime time right now. It is 5:20 on a Friday night. That's where we're going to eat. >> And that's our destination for Bubba Gump Shrimp. This visit uh was the final push, the final inspiration to get my wife to watch Forest Gump. She had never seen the film. Uh >> I finally watched it all the way through. >> I tried not to watch it. I'm like, >> I [laughter] was so against it for so long. >> She I guess she didn't quite understand the movie. >> I openly admit I was completely wrong. >> Yeah, it's beautiful. Beautiful movie. Horse Gump was a beautiful movie and it happened to be one of Adam's favorite films which is another reason why we decided to make this trip here to public because you know horse gump and horse gump >> and coconut shrimp. >> There's all kinds of shrimp. >> Barbecue shrimp. >> Shrimp shrimp scampy. [laughter] There's coconut shrimp. >> Coconut shrimp. >> [music] >> PF Chains California Pizza Kitchen. um McCormack and Schmid's trip because [laughter] gets all kinds of foot traffic off of uh you know uh uh what do you call this? What are we on? Catella. Yeah, Catella. All kinds of foot traffic. Oh yeah. Uh Cheesecake Factory on the corner right there. That place is always busy. That place is busy, but nothing else is. We're going to be out here on Catella Avenue. Straight ahead is Bubba Gump. While we waited for our table at Bubba Gump, we stopped at Paris Baguette. And I wanted to highlight this because this place is absolutely lovely. It's a well-designed, delightful interior, very warming and inviting, offering a wide array of pastries and coffees, sweet and savory, all of it. It all looks so good. Sophie chose the salted caramel pretzel king cream doughnut, and I love her for that. That was delicious. Liz picked this tasty [music] looking strawberry and cream filled croissant. All three of us can confirm that everything was incredibly delicious, and that includes the sea salt caramel coffee. that is not pictured, but might have been one of the best coffee drinks I've ever had. We did then [music] get our call for that bubblegum shrimp. Never dined here before as far as I can remember. Obviously wonderfully themed if you love Forest Gump the film, [music] but I do remember hearing the food was mostly okay. Uh the clam chowder was pretty good. We started with that. Then that's the coconut shrimp, fried shrimp, and shrimp [music] tempura. I'm trying to do my Bubba. And then Liz and Sophia shared [music] the shrimp scampy pasta. >> Wow. Do not touch it. >> Wow. They did it. >> Great job, whoever that was. >> Awesome. We're full and uh [laughter] it's you know it's funny. I would think that a place called Bubba Gum Shrimp would have maybe a little bit better shrimp anyway. It was okay. It was fine. >> Yeah. It was your typical chain restaurant food. You know what I mean? >> Well, but I you know I would say that the the fried shrimp and sizzlers better than >> Oh yeah, dude. >> Dude, I love shrimp or shrimp. Yeah. Got it. >> Uh we're going to make our way through >> uh guard walk again. >> Go up the escalator, right? >> Do we Is it I don't know. I don't know. We're going to go to We're going bowling, guys. We're going to finish out. We're going to have It's a It's a two-day trip here, right? One night here in Garden Walk and at the hotel and then a day tomorrow we're going to rope chop and park tomorrow. >> There's a crowd forming over there on the other side. What's going on over there? What's happening here at the Garden Walk? There's a queue. What's the queue for? [music] Something here is drawing a crowd. I'm very curious what this is about. Is it for Boba? Goes on and on and on. I still don't know what they're all waiting for. Still going. Are they going to the movies? Ah, mystery solved. I think the one thing that's still drawing a crowd out here. My goodness, this crowd. House of Blues. >> I guess we're not going to be able to tell who's who they're all waiting for cuz I can't go any further to to see what's at the door. >> Uh but fascinating. But dude, House of Blues is jamming. Otherwise, it does feel like it is picking up a little bit here. There's there's a lot of really interesting options here. a lot of really interesting possibilities for food and entertainment. There's a movie theater. We're going bowling. Lots and lots of food. I just for whatever reason they can't draw a crowd. >> Very glowy in here. It's so glowy. [music] >> Oh, I know why. It's a purple light. >> Wow. >> I'm completely full. >> [music] >> Nope. >> Oh, while Liz was pouring water, second roll strike. [music] Oh god. Oh my god, I hate you. We're not allowed to play together anymore. [music] >> You're not happy with that? >> No. >> So, even though I have two strikes, I'm bowling terribly all in all. So is Liz. She's not doing well. Two frames to go. 84 to 82. Let's see if I can't pull this one out. That's going to be tough. >> She's left the door open. I've got >> We're down by two pins. >> I'm just going to accept that you're going to beat me. >> Down. >> I know. I heard it. I heard it. >> I heard it. >> [music] >> Come on. >> Another seven. [music] >> Come on. >> NO. >> What happened? >> I know. I did it. I can't believe I broke a 100. [music] That looks good. >> That was good. >> Okay, he can beat me. At least I I I did 100. So, oh no, no, no, no. OH MY GOD. >> OH MY OH MY GOD. I BEAT YOU. WHAT? I did it. Yeah. [screaming] >> And his elbow and everything. >> You thought she was like, "Oh, I suck today. You're going to kick my ass." I'm like, "You're winning. What are you talking about? >> Garden Walk complete. It is 8:12. Another seven minute walk back to our hotel. >> Do you like sleeping in a bunk bed? >> Yeah. [laughter] >> We have to go rope drop, honey. >> What? >> We're leaving >> right now. >> Pretty much. Yeah, you got to put your shoes on. >> Okay. Well, after a wonderful evening at the element and breakfast, delightful breakfast. Very good oatmeal, by the way. Really enjoy their oatmeal. I'm going to take my complimentary coffee on the road and we're going to begin our trek to uh rope trough this morning. Now, it feels like we are forever away from the park, but it's actually not that much different than some hotels you even find on Harbor. I I'm expecting maybe a a 15-minute walk. You know, it's kind of comical. The video that I'm going to we're going to be shooting, our rope drop video is a separate video from this one, but it's going to be rope dropping with uh a family, especially a little one. and what how that's different than let's say rope dropping by myself where I just get to hustle around the park and we're going to find out how much different that experience is and I can tell you already it's quite a bit different. Um I keep I keep leaving these two behind. [laughter] >> She's she was trying to hold a cup of water. >> No, I know. I know. But I was explaining the the point of the video that we've been making later today >> is the the difference traveling or going to the park with a with a family >> while while you're while you're trying to be on the clock at the same time like you know rope dropping. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> It's going to be a whole another whole another experience. >> It will. >> So that's just under 4 minutes to get to that corner and then it's a straight shot to Harbor Boulevard down there and we're pretty much there already. >> It's really not bad. It's not that bad at all. >> I just did Cambria and that was >> Cambria's further. >> Yeah, but not by much. But this is this is real nice. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Another time, baby. Not today. >> And that's 11 minutes to get to the main cross street here into the park. That's not bad at all, man. That's not bad at all. Oh, bag check is going to be brutal. Are we going to make rope drop? And we are into the espionade in 20 and 12 minutes, you guys. 20 and 1/2 minutes. That's door to door. That's leaving the element to end the espionade. That is not bad at all. But there's more to do. We're going to do some quick rope drop stuff and then we'll check back with you and close out our experience at the Element Hotel in Anaheim. >> [music] >> run right in. I can tell you I do not walk as briskly. I do not walk as briskly. [laughter] >> Sophia Sophia. >> There we go. at 854. [music] >> Is this haunted room actually stretching? I give you to haunt you until you return. >> [music] >> Roger, this is Black Leader. I hear you're a fine looking group of recruits. Well, no time to waste. Let's get you on your way to the general. [music] [screaming] >> Disneyland rope drop is over. start our truck back to the element and heading up Disney way just like before on the other side of those hedges. That's our hell. That's that's the element right there, guys. You could see it like it's hardly it's not so far at all, man. This is great. And that's 17 and 12 minutes back to the element because we didn't have to go through bag check. Hooray. Right back at the Western. You know, I'm kind of bummed that we're here because now I'm realizing we don't get to spend another night here. Wonderful hotel the element is. We've really enjoyed ourselves, especially Sophie with her bunk bed, little kitchenet. It was wonderful. Breakfast was delicious. And as I may have mentioned already, I'm really impressed with how clean and organized and well put together this hotel is. The operation is just top-notch from uh they've really there's there's a lot of thought into what they're doing here. One of the more like uh I don't know, like just friendly environments that I've been in. I feel really well taken care of here at the Element. And uh hope you guys have an opportunity to book a stay here. If you do, make sure you do that through Getaway Today and then let them know that Fresh Bake sent you. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. We love We love the element. Thank you guys once more for hosting us and [music] we'll see you next time. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Respect.
