---
video_id: m6fC5eRbGgA
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-04-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6fC5eRbGgA
---
Pardon. Hello everybody. Oh no. [ __ ] duck. Where are we? Oh no. Wait, what? I'm almost there, guys. Hang on. Almost there. John Mkat train. Who here wants Avatar and DCA? Interesting. Uh, I shot a video yesterday. Thank you to Nick for the $5 gift. Says, "David, I watch your videos so religiously that I seriously worry what I will do when you retire." You've got nine years to figure that out. Maybe. Um uh yeah, we did a video about about the uh Avatar situation at DCA. We shot a video yesterday that's going to come out tomorrow. I have a lot of comments on that situation and uh uh I think you'll be interested. I think you'll be interested to hear what I have to say because what I have to say is going to make copious amounts of sense. It's going to make so much sense. Oh, thank you. Love the shirt. Yeah, I got this uh at Epic Universe. David, I have a YouTuber creator question. Please help. Uh, I'll do my best. Who's your pick to win the Masters? I'm a I'm a Scotty Sheffller guy. He had a pretty good day today. Uh, I thought he was going to do better. I mean, he still had a good round, but I I thought he got off to such a good start. Um, but yeah, I'm I'm I'm team Scotty. Monstropolis or Zootopia would be better. I mean, I've said that before. I said that in a recent uh state of DCA report. Uh I think I think Zootopia is better than Mropolis and Menropolis is better than Avatar. I just started and don't know where to put the link for Getaway Today. I'm not sure what you're asking. You just started making videos or uh yeah, I'm not sure what you're asking. Well, it just goes in the description. That's where I put ours. We put our . And then on Instagram, we put it in our uh in the bio or whatever you call it. There you go. Yeah, there's nowhere else really to put it. you I I don't think I'm not sure if you can put it in the in the in the uh cards or anything like that. Dee Williamson, anybody else so excited about the Michael movie? I'm not actually I've seen some clips and it doesn't I don't know. It's not doing anything for me. I I'm afraid to say. I don't know. How do you think Explore Key will affect summer crowds? You know, it's hard to say for sure. It's It's certainly gonna I mean, it can't hurt. June and July have been dead. I've made many videos about how dead it's been for the past well, just basically every summer since CO June and July have been dead in the parks where that used to be like the beginning of the big season. Um, so I think that obviously they have they're reacting to that and that's why they're doing the explore key the way they are. Uh, they agree. Uh, it's too it's just too slow in June and July. I I can't imagine it would hurt. Uh, I I can't imagine that's going to have a negative effect. It's going to it's got to be it's got to be busier, I would think. Caleb doing my first ever after dark event on May the 4th Star Wars night. This shirt you haven't even done an Oogie Boogie. My goodness. Kelly, have you decided where you will stay next time at Walt Disney World? Given the last pick, I'm thinking you'll be back at Disney Hotel. Yes, we're definitely not staying off property this time. Well, we're being hosted by Getaway Today, so they're picking the hotel for us. Uh I don't know where we're staying yet, but uh we're being hosted. So, I I'm hoping it's someplace fun. You know, the last time they hosted us for a trip to Walt Disney World, we stayed at the Animal Kingdom Lodge. So, uh I would definitely take something like that. I'm not expecting Animal Kingdom. Uh but the the Grand Fian would be nice. Um the Contemporary would be great. Oh, the the the Wilderness Lodge. Um, that's great. Those big What is the one over there on the Seven Seas Lagoon that I can't remember the name of? I'll take any of those. Damn. Uh, let's see. Rosa, get the two bucks. Thank you very much. You know, I' I've I've never been all that interested in staying at the Swan or the Dolphin. I don't like the way those hotels look, but maybe they're great on the inside. I would rather stay at uh uh you know the boardwalk. Boardwalk looks really nice. I think I'd rather stay there. Wilderness lodge. Yes, there you go. Traditional Space Mountain or Hyperspace? Traditional. Yes, definitely. Definitely traditional. The Contemporary is awful after the remodel. Why is that? No, I would want to stay in the proper contemporary, I think. I think Coco will be the biggest ride in DCA. Maybe second to the What do you mean biggest in size or the most popular? Coco is a very popular property. I will agree with that. And uh DCA is definitely in need of a people eater familyfriendly attraction like the Cocoa Ride will be. So I do think it's going to be a very popular attraction. Yes. But no, it's not going to be a very big attraction though. Uh, it's not going to be a a big attraction, I don't think. Let me double check on the bad phone. Thank you, AK. Uh, if today's rumors may overshadow Coco. Uh, I'm not sure what what rumor are we talking about. What's the scoop on Roger Rapid? You're going to have to wait until Monday. It's not like a huge thing, but I have, you know, some intel that I'm gonna I'm gonna share. Uh, thank you to Jungle Cruiser for the $5 gift. Theme Park IQ reports Disney filed nine confidential dis demo permits, including Monsters, Inc. and Hollywood Lounge. These are the first steps. Okay, but it's it's important not to read too much into that. I saw those as well. They have to file those permits and they they can expire in a year or two or something like that and they have to file those no matter what they're doing, no matter what they're building. I've seen a lot of there was a lot of interesting like sarcastic sort of uh almost insulting comments on on uh Twitter today about those permits. Um, like I don't know. I the the whole discourse over Avatar versus uh Zootopia and Monsters Inc. and all that stuff is just getting really weird and nasty for some some reason and I can't figure it out. Uh, but stay tuned. I guess again we have a video coming up tomorrow where I talk about our thoughts on the recent news. I don't know if insulting is the right word. Uh, I just saw something where they were they basically they were trying to make us sound stupid for thinking that uh they're not going to build Avatar, I think, because what I saw. Um, I can't remember who it was or how it was framed, but uh yeah, I I you know, I don't know. I just it didn't sound very friendly, you know. But what do I what do you expect from from Twitter, right? What do you expect? Twitter might be the most toxic social media platform ever. Uh threads are nicer. I mean, I guess. I don't know. I I tried Threads. No, I didn't try Threads. What was it? I tried Blue Sky. I've never been to Threads. I don't I don't want it to be too nice either. There should be some some medium, but uh yeah, man. They were just mean. Anyway, uh I wouldn't read too much yet into those permits uh because those they're they're demoing those buildings. That is going to happen. Hollywood backlot is going to get demoed. What it becomes is another story. Who knows what it's going to become, but they but they have to do that process anyway. It's going to happen. Darcier gifted $5. Thank you. There's a rumor they may swap DCA's Avatar to Animal Kingdom. Personally, I think it could have happened, but I How? Where? What do you mean putting the Avatar ride at Pandora in Animal Kingdom? I They don't have the real estate for that. They don't uh There's no space for that that I'm aware of. Uh I uh I can't I ran ana gift of $5. Thank you. We will be going to Disneyland for honeymoon May 1st through the 3rd. Any word on Jungle Cruise? May 1st through the 3rd. I feel like you got a pretty good shot of it being open then. I don't know any dates yet, but I feel like you got a pretty good shot. So, how does Magic Kingdom feel without the Rivers of America? I did not enjoy it. I went back there for a little bit just to kind of do that report, but we didn't even go to uh I didn't I we stayed away from that area. I did not enjoy all those walls and all that dirt. I do love construction and I hope they can do this quickly. Uh I was talking to somebody whom I can't remember who said it's going to happen faster than you think. Uh if it's not going to be like a five-year deal and I hope this get I I really do hope they build this thing quickly so people would will not have too much time to like you know uh miss the river. get this thing going so we can start seeing positive, you know, how what it's going to look like so we can start feeling good about it. Uh, okay. Uh, thank you to KC Dopp for the $20 gift. Have a cold one on me. Cheers. Thank you very much. I do love a cold one from time to time. I'm going to give you a thumbs up for that, sir. Very kind of you. CBCJR, give the $20. Thank you very much. have any theories on why the Adventureland treehouse buckets and waterhe work work in Florida and not in Disneyland? Uh, fair question. Know first that it took years for them to fix the buckets and the water wheel at the Swiss Family Treehouse in Magic Kingdom. It was a joke. all that that whole thing. The wheel was a joke amongst Magic Kingdom fans. So, it's not like they are superior at getting things done at Magic Kingdom compared to Disney. It's just funny that theirs works now and ours don't. Uh I don't know how long ours hasn't worked now. It's been a year or so, I think. Uh but there there could be a reason. I I don't know what the actual reason is. Um, but uh there it's got to be a good one. They want it to work. It's not that they don't want it to work. They just there's just something wrong that they can't fix yet. Uh Darc is back again with a $2 gift. Yes, there's an expansion pad by Flight of Passage. That's all parking lot, isn't it? Unless the parking lot is the expansion pad. I mean, I don't know backstage animal kingdom as well as literally anyone, I guess. So, I have no idea. I couldn't say that I'm the authority on that. So, you could be right. But if they did that, that's an interesting choice because you've already got a boat ride. You've already got a boat ride in uh Pandora. Ashley Taylor, get the $5. Thank you. We're headed to Disneyland on Memorial Day and and the day after. Any tips? That's kind That's a big question. Uh, can you be more specific? Like tips about what? Um, I ain't got We got a live stream to do here. Any tips? Park at Toy Story. There you go. There's one. Um, uh, get a churo on Main Street. That's not a tip. Uh, don't look don't rely only on the posted weight times. Um, I don't know. I don't know what else to tell you. It took them three years to build Star Wars and Cars Land. I No, what I'm hearing is less than that. I'm hearing like two years. So, uh, and that's about what they're spending. I've heard they're talking, what did I see? They think that, uh, the Encanto area is going to be done in 27. And, uh, that seems really that's that's two years. It took them four years, right? Four years to build Cosmic Rewind and Tron first rate Nate. You think wheels and pulleys are basic physics? Well, I guess that means Well, it's not though in the sense that it's not. It It doesn't work practically. I don't think it works practically. I mean, maybe it does, but it it's mechanical. It's, you know, the the the it working the way it does is uh fake, I guess. I don't know if that's the right word. It's not actually working the way it's, you know, supposed to work. That trial, I think, was even five years. You're right. Christina Gonzalez, get the $5. Thank you. Going to Disneyland June 9th through the 12th. How likely will Pirates be open? Likely? No. Possibly. 5050. Miss Lisa, give the $5. Thank you. Which is more beneficial for you, Patreon or YouTube memberships? Well, they're priced to be about the same. Uh, I had to raise the prices because uh they take because YouTube takes 30%. So, if you're buying at the same level on memberships, it's 4109, it's $10 on Patreon. So, really, what what's better for you? You know what I mean? So, either way, it's the same for us. Uh, so it's better for you if you do Patreon. I guess they'll uh the the the convenience that's what it is. It's a convenience charge. The convenience for YouTube and memberships is that you don't have to go to another site to watch those videos. You can just stay on YouTube and watch them there. Uh Jungle Cruiser, get the $5. Thank you, Dave. Love your comments on the Star Wars popcorn buckets and sippers. Are you getting JavaS Barge? I just might. I think it would look great right there. And it would look good in a thumbnail when I'm holding it in a thumbnail. That alone is worth the price of it, right? Kelly Dueling, I hate that YT takes so much. So do I. Not only does YouTube take a bunch, but so does Apple. YouTube takes 30% and then Apple says, "No, no, no, no. We want 30%. Also, if you're using uh an iPhone to make your purchases, Apple takes 30%. Sultan of docs gives five bucks. Thank you. Why is tomorrow getting backlash on social over 1,000 layoffs when there were 7,000 layoffs under Iger? Uh well, yes, I've seen that and I understand why people are upset over any kind of firing. Uh Disney employees, Disney cast members are cherished. They should be cherished. Uh I have the utmost respect for every single Disney cast member from top to bottom. Be that in marketing as these jobs were supposedly for to you know frontline employees to everybody except for Bob Chapek. I have respect for everybody at Disney except for Bob Japic. Um but I also understand dude this is not this is not tomorrow out there like twirling his mustache. you know, they're not looking to damage or hurt people. They don't want to. It is what it is. Every business has to go through a period where they have to trim the, you know, trim the fat. There's, you know, it just happens. It's part of it's part of doing business. No business uh can survive constant growth and and and padding of eventually every company has too many employees eventually, especially big ones like Disney. So, I totally understand it. I I'm not gonna I'm not gonna I'm not hanging Josh tomorrow over this. Not at all. Um, and nor would I hang uh Iger for doing the same. Um, it's just it's part of it's part of business. Uh, SD boutique get the $5. Thank you, Swiss Family. A water wheel at MK is all water driven. If it stops, it's usually a pump issue. Well, then I would ask the same question. Uh what happened for 2 years or however long it was that the buckets didn't work over there. Charlotte, I noticed the reservation system for Magic Keys is only four weeks when it was 12. Uh I don't think that's the case. Your pass is probably expiring. Is your pass expiring in four weeks? It It's not four weeks still. Or it's not four weeks, I should say. Is there anything new happening with Rita Creek? Reedy Creek? Uh, no. As far as I know, it's it's just managing as it would. Uh, Dantis has has basically just uh forgotten about that. I think Charlotte. Charlotte. Charlotte. I think you answered me. Charlotte. Yes, that's what it is. Uh, it'll only show you the four weeks that you have left on that pass. You have to you can't make new reservations until you renew the pass. Uh, Battle Born, get the $5. Thank you. Hey, David, what are your top five theme park Halloween events? OogieOoggie Bash. I don't care. C. Lopez, gift of $10 and doing the chaa. I like to do the chaa. Thank you very much for that. There's not 10. Are there even five? uh theme park Halloween events. Well, okay. You're talking about uh like Not Scary Farm and Halloween Horror Nights, right? I I don't know why I was thinking just Disney, that kind of thing. Um Not Sperry Farm sucked last year, but it was good the year before that. Uh Halloween Horror Nights, I mean, it's a lot. It's a lot. I I'm never more tired than I am the night that we do Halloween Horror Nights. I'll say that at Universal. Uh, but I'm not so enamored with any of them that I'm that I may not do any of them this year. I may just do OogieOogie and maybe not even that. Uh, I I I don't think I'm going to not Scary Farm or Halloween Horror Nights this year. SoCal family going to Florida for the first time. What park do you re You're only going to do one park. How do you go to Walt Disney World and do just one park? Really? You're going to just do one park? Uh, Magic Kingdom then, I guess, if you're going to do just the one park. Will Sophie go to Ogie? Well, she went last year. Uh, I don't know what our No, if I don't go, she's not going this year. When will park hopping at 11 stop? I don't know. They've only said that that's that's what they're going to do, but they haven't said when. So, I don't know. The correct answer was Epcot, but not if you have children. Epcot is not really a kids park in my opinion. There are kids friendly rides, but it's not the kind of park that kids are like, "Yeah, let's go to Epcot." Dar say, "Get the $5. Thank you." Bellon's 2930, Cars is 29, Monstropolis 28, Tropical America's 27. Oh, okay. You're giving me years. Encanto building is essentially done, right? So, uh, Right. But that's still just two years. They started building, didn't they start incontto in 25? That's that's the point I'm making. Uh cars, I don't think cars is going to be 29. I don't think so. I don't think they're I think it's going to be sooner than that unless unless the person that I spoke to doesn't know what they're talking about. Danny Gonzalez, uh get the $2. Thank you. Off topic, what what programs do you use to edit? I use uh an editor. I have an editor for I have two editors actually, but I did I used to use I started with Sony Vegas, which I don't know what it's called something else now. Uh it's I forget what some company bought it out. Uh I used Vegas before and then I used Adobe Premiere, which is what I if I do edit something today, it's on Adobe Premiere. Am I going to Dapper Days? No, I have not been to Dapper Days in years. years. I say I hear my daughter. She's coming. Ah, I heard you. Hi. What's up? Are you staring at yourself again? >> Yeah. >> You're cute. You going in bath time. Bedtime. What's with the face? Why Why you do the Why do you do the Mr. be face whenever you come in here. >> Love you, honey. >> Good night. Okay. Do any YouTubers use Vid IQ? I think most of them do. A lot of them do. I don't use it, but I know a lot do. It's pretty easy to I mean it's it only costs like a few bucks and you just install it as a as a as an which I'm call you know on your on your Chrome or whatever. Uh okay Dave is the copyright monster just as aggressive at Walt Disney World as Disneyland? Uh, depends on the park. Magic Kingdom? No. Well, except for the same attractions, you know, the same attractions have the same issues. Uh, Animal Kingdom, no, I get the occasional one. It depends. Uh, Epcot, I've never really had an issue with Epcot, but Hollywood Studios, um, yeah, just like DCA. DCA is terrible with copyright, and I Hollywood Studios is about the same. Yeah. What is the best food and snack at Walt Disney World? Uh, the best snack is the tropical whatever the the orange thing that you get across from uh Swiss Family Treehouse. Uh, the best food, there isn't any. I guess maybe Harbor uh uh whatever the harbor house or whatever it's called, I guess. But that great either. Stay the far away from cosmic rays. Like don't even open the door. Um stay away from that thing where the astral orbit is. I had a hot dog from the that place the I forget what that place is called. That was an absolute disaster. Um I don't know. I haven't tried everything, so I I I'm probably missing some. Uh, Trussell, get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Thank you for your work. What do you think is really going on with the Arthur and Sun steakhouse not getting built? I I don't know. I uh it's anecdotally permanent issues is what I'm hearing, but I don't know if I believe that or not. I I do think because they they had a hard time. They took forever to demo Tortilla Chos and then they took forever to get from this point. Well, they're still taking forever. I think there's a lack of conviction is what it is. I think there's a lack of conviction for that for the whatever it is that they're doing there. They are not just like Avatar, you know, I mean, just like Mon or uh the backlot, they're not there's I don't think they know what they're doing or what they want to do. Nate at the two bucks says, "Everybody hit the like button." That's good advice. If you're going to eat a hot dog at Magic Kingdom, Casey's or don't bother. I think that's probably fair advice. I've never eaten at Liberty Tree Tavern. Uh, I do want to do that. I might do that on our next trip. I want to do Liberty Tree Tavern. I want to do at Magic Kingdom. I want to do the Beer Garden at Epcot. Uh, I want to do that place in Animal Kingdom by Pandora that I can't remember the name of uh, Hollywood. Is there I guess I guess the Brown Derby. Uh, you know, Allison said the Brown Derby is great, but I mean it sounds expensive, but anyway. Uh, I want to do those. Uh, Brian gifted $5. Thank you. Love your Walt Disney World coverage. Would Disney ever stomach revamping the Indie to better fit Lightning Lane and fix the crazy cluster at the entrance? Uh, no. Well, I I don't think that that's a issue with the queue itself. The the the queue is fine. Uh, it it's just a popular attraction and uh it's it's a popular attraction and there's just a lot of interest and it's a very narrow the land itself is very narrow. It doesn't have the long uh you know they they it would take a lot for them to fix that queue in order to fix that problem. They what they need to do is stop trying to finesse the chains. They're constantly closing the chains and then opening them and then closing the chains based on the crowd size. They need to they need to force guests to use more of that queue no matter how not busy it is. they need that because when it's dead, they'll just send guests straight in and then they they make a quick right, but then all of a sudden if it gets even a little bit busy, they don't they don't have time enough to react to change the chains and then the guest built, you know, they they start forming out in the walkway. So, they need to they need to use more of those chains inside. Uh, blue trooper gifted $5. Thank you. A Wreckit Ralph and Monsters Inc. land would be a game changer at DCA. Well, you can't do both. I don't think Wreck-It Ralph has the uh the same draw. Uh it's cute, but I think that's about as much as people love Wreckit Ralph is that it's cute. Uh Monsters, Inc. would have better a better draw. I think people don't even talk about Wreckit Ralph anymore. They talk about Snow White more than they talk about Wreckit Ralph. Casey Jr. get the two bucks. Thank you. Do you think shooting exposition going anywhere? No, I do not. I think that's going to stay forever. Ooh, Charlie gets the two bucks. Little Sophie fresh bake looks just like her daddy. You know, she does take after Well, she's got a lot of qualities of both of us, but she's starting to get like my physicality, I think. I would agree. Fenny Optenny has made his first or her first post after joining the membership program. Everybody say hi to Fenny. I enjoy the Brown Derby, but I think you can skip that one. Okay. Liberty Tavern is turkey dinner. Is it always turkey dinner? Skipper Canteen. I have eaten there. That was pretty good. Uh that that was that was better than regular food at at Magic Kingdom, that's for sure. Satula Canteen. Yeah, I mean I've been there often. Uh I want to try some other stuff or Yeah, Satuli Canteen. Yeah. If I use Getaway today, how far in advance can I plan a trip? I don't think there's a limit. Is there? I want to do a Disney World Universal trip in Florida. Thinking late 27, early 28. Um I I mean, call them up and ask. I don't think there's a I don't think there's a limit. Um they I mean, all they're going to do is book the hotels. I I mean, I guess it's up to the hotels. Can you book a hotel that far in advance? I don't see why not. Uh Ryan Lacina to get the $5. Thank you. Do you know how buying and choosing Lightning Lane ahead of time works at Walt Disney World? You know, that's something that I'm going to actually start getting into uh before our June trip, which actually I think it's what is it? What is the the window? Is it 60 days or 90 days? I think it's 60 days in advance, I think. But that's something I need to learn a lot more about because Lightning Lane is considerably more necessary at at Walt Disney World than it is here. That's for sure. Uh so I got a a Tiffens, that's the name of the place. Thank you. Uh I need to uh do a little bit more research on that and I'm going to use our next trip and maybe the trip after that to start testing and and and figuring things out. Seven days. What am I thinking then? Am I thinking d I'm thinking dining reservations. That's what I'm thinking about. It's dining reservations, right? So, 7 days in advance for on-site guests, three days for off-site. Good to know. Seven days. Gary Meowser's gift to $5. Thank you. What is your favorite ride at both Disneyland and Disney World? Does it have to be at both? My favorite ride at Disneyland is probably Casey Jr. or the Disneyland Railroad. I just love trains. And my favorite ride at Disney World is uh the People Mover. Uh I ran a nietta gifted two bucks. Thank you. Can you explain a bit the new disability policy? I could not. I am sorry. I'm not the guy for that. I don't know anything about it. It's never really been a thing that I've covered in much detail. Uh I don't know. I couldn't compare it. I couldn't do anything. Um I don't know what's allowed. I uh I just don't know. I don't I don't know enough about it to to be considered informative. Christopher Quinn, gift the $5. Thank you. Do you think uh do you think they will try and rush open some attractions at Disneyland ahead of the World Cup? No. Uh I don't think that No. Uh I mean I guess they would they would prefer that, but they're not they can't rush them. Uh the the the state the state and the city won't let them rush anything. Uh it it that's going to take as long as it has to take. So I I mean they might try to Well, I don't know. I I I don't think so. I mean, they can hire more guys, but that's just not really what they do. Disney's never been one to like double the double the, you know, start working weekends, you know, or anything like that. That's just never been a thing that they do. Enzo Muns, get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Are you ready for Fortnite land? What would that even be? What is Fortnite land? You know what I mean? Like I what? Because I I don't understand. I don't I get it. I I get why people would want that, but what would that look like? What would Fortnite land be? Jesus. You buy up up to Okay, here's this is for Lightning Lane. You buy up to 60 days, but you can't book until 7. Okay. You're doing a ride that has boarding passes. Those open at 7 a.m. If you have a resort reservation. Okay. And it's just two, right? Or is it three? Two or three. How many do you get to make in advance? Somebody hands you a super soaker and a plank of wood. I guess three. Okay, three. One thing I know is that it's pretty pointless to try and get them when you get there. At least for the bigger attractions, the popular ones, they're sold out almost immediately. Uh well before you well before the day of your visit. So, uh, I mean, you could buy I take that back. You could buy it that day. The the actual Lightning Lane Pass doesn't sell out, but the good the good attractions are gone. The good attractions are gone by, you know, 9:00 a.m. or even less. One tier, one tier one, and two tier two. Okay. I was mentioned on K-Rock. Wow, that's pretty cool. The rock of the 90s or 80s. I was rock of the 80s, but I think they called it the rock of the 90s also. I love I mean, I grew up on K-Rock. I grew up on Jed the Fish and the Poor Man. Uh, and Kevin and Bean. Uh, Heidi. Was it Heidi? No, Heidi. was Heidi Krock. What was it? Tammy Heidi. That's right. Tammy Heidi. Um, who else? Who else am I thinking about? There's Oh. Oh, no. Rich. Uh, Romano and the Blade. Richard Blade. Trying to think of all my K-Rock guys. Uh, who was the guy at night? Oh, Dr. Dr. What's his name? Gosh, I can't remember now. Yeah, Richard Blade. Yeah, those were the days. That's what I grew up on. Poor man. Yeah, Dr. Dementoto was not K-Rock, though. Well, did he Was Dementoto ever on K-Rock? I don't think he was. Was he? Yeah. Love Line with Adam and Dr. Drew. That was a thing. Do you think the Disney company would make more money without Lightning Lane? Uh, I think that the evidence is the fact that they are still selling Lightning Lane. So, no, they would make more money selling Lightning Lane. Yes. Oh, yeah. Rodney Rodney on the Rock. Rodney on the Rock sounded like he was high for a job. Like it was his job to sound high. Like he that was the most chill dude ever. Any plans to go to Nutsberry Farm? I mean, I would like to, but I'm just there's just nothing drawing me, man. There's just nothing drawing me there. Like, I have no interest. Why are you guys naming non Krock? We're talking about Krock. Casey Kasem, get it the hell out of here. He's Kiss FM. Uh oh, here we go. Uh Jed the Fish, Richard Blade, Rodney Bingenheimer, Freddy Snakeskin. I don't remember him. Dusty Straight. I don't remember him. And then Poor Man, obviously. Uh but they're missing a few though. They're missing Roondo. Uh they're missing Tammy Heidi. They're missing uh another guy whose name I can't remember. Uh yeah, there's nothing really like why am I going to Knottberry Farm? I don't know, man. I go there and I just all I can think about. All I see is the terrible service. That's all I notice when I'm there is the service sucks. The service sucks. Boenberry Fest would be fun, I suppose. Yeah, but I missed that. I've already missed that. Who was the gal that appeared with Kevin and Bean? I don't know who that is. Oh, but you know who did appear with Kevin and Bean was Adam Corolla and uh Jimmy Kimmel. Jimmy the sports guy. Yeah, Boys and Ferry Fest is still going, but it's too late for me. Lisa May. Yes, I remember Lisa May. It's too late for me to cover the Boys and Berry Fest is what I'm saying. Knots has steadily gone downhill. Maybe that's what I'm noticing is since they merged with Six Flags. But I mean, even then, I don't know because what I was what, you know, the service issues were a problem well before Six Flags ever took over. I just I don't know. I just I don't feel like they care. I just I just don't don't get me started on Camp Snoopy. Guys, do not get me started on Camp Snoopy, but I just don't think they care. If they did, they would have better service. If they cared, the service would be better. They changed the jam. They stopped selling the jam in the in the in in grocery stores. You can't buy knots berries. You can't buy boenberry jam in the grocery stores anymore. Any thoughts on Camp Stupid? Yeah, you could go pound sand. You I don't like him Snoopy. It sucks. When are you going back to Epic Universe? Man, I want to go back so bad. I hear nothing but horror stories though about the weight times. I was watching uh uh Firefires. He was at Epic and he just had a you know, it was just so packed. It was packed. I don't know. I want to go. I I I thought I was going to try to hold out until they started selling annual passes, but I don't think it's going to happen. I don't think they're going to do it. N does have more live entertainment than Disney does. I'll give him that. Yeah. Uh, John uh, Jean Day or I don't know how to pronounce that. Gift of $5. Thank you. Fresh baked. I was considering getting a camera for recording home movies and vacations and you recommend the DJ Pocket for non content creators. Uh, well, yeah, because it's it doesn't it's it's a it's a point andoot. It it's not complicated and you can run around with it and it'll be steady. Uh, you know, that's why I like it. I I I like it because it's I'm a walk-in talk guy and that's the best camera for if you're going to be walking and filming and but if you're just sitting there in your chair filming home videos, that might be a different story. But then again, when you're doing that, there's a lot of movement. Um, you don't get the shaky cam basically is what I'm saying. You don't get shaky cam with uh with the Pocket 3. Are Bluey and Bingo walkound characters? No, they are not. Are you going to Disney Channel night or Star Wars night? I am not. No. Do you think Disney will now have to compete with Epic Universe? Well, what do you mean by now? Well, they already are competing with Epic Universe, are they not? They've been open for a while, more than a year now. The problem with Epic Universe and competition, I feel like, is that they they kind of are competing with themselves. People are choosing Epic Universe instead of going to Universal. I think uh you know, Universal Studios. I think that's doing what's doing more damage to their own brand than it is to Disney. Disney needs to do the California resident ticket offer every year. I think they might uh unless people start showing up, but we'll see. So, what I hear is Hagrids isn't a three-hour wait. Do you mean it isn't worth the three-hour wait, or do you mean it's not actually three hours? Because I'm pretty sure it actually is three hours. Uh, I've only been on once and it was amazing. Now, we had uh I think we had Lightning Lane or whatever they call it, express pass, so I don't remember having to wait. I we did not wait in that queue, but I I do know that that queue can be a disaster uh for standby. It's It's pretty bad. Yeah. Somebody said I missed the chat. Let me go back and look. Fortnite land. Everything looks to be in order. I don't think I missed anything. No. Okay. Where was I? Mine train has way more animatronics. terrifying scary animatronics. But yes, they do have more. Battle of Ministry at least 45 minutes even with Express. Uh Battle of Ministry is the most enormous longest neverending queue in the cues of Q's. I have never The first time I got in there, I felt like I was trapped. I felt like I was in, you know, that Back Rooms movie. I felt like I was in the the the the epic Harry Potter version of Back Rooms. I felt like I was never going to get out of that building. What did you think of the new Buzz Lightyear in Magic Kingdom? We It's in our video. Check out our Animal Kingdom video with the one with the Animal Kingdom thumbnail. And we you see we got we were able to get into a a soft opening of that. And uh I thought it was great. I think it was a vast vast improvement over their Buzz Lightyear. It's an improvement over ours, but an incredible improvement over their old Buzz Lightyear. Their Buzz Lightyear was just total ass. It was terrible. Um, it was one of the worst rides I've ever been on. But the new one is much more enjoyable, even though I still got my butt kicked by my wife. Uh, Behawk, gift of two bucks. Can you recommend a hotel at Disney World? I mean, there's a hotel for everybody at Disney World. That's up to your your personal preference and your budget and everything. But so far, my favorite hotel, all things being equal, you if you include uh the room and the amenities and the the environment, the theme and the price is is uh Caribbean Beach. Caribbean Beach right now is still my favorite uh favorite resort at Walt Disney World. I haven't said I haven't tried them all yet, but I do love Caribbean Beach. They need to sell snacks or beer in the lines of epic. I mean, there should be some opportunity for you to do something like to get out of there uh without Man, I remember waiting uh two and a half hours for the Donkey Kong ride. And that was just excruciating. That was one of the most excruciating experiences that I've ever had in my entire life. Uh, I hated that experience very much and it it was it's a reason not to go. Seriously, the the their operations at Epic can be so bad. It's a reason not to go. Oh, check it out. Karen Mcgru has now been a member for a month. Oh, that's fun. They get to do that stuff. You get I think you get that once a month, right? Congratulations, Karen. Thank you. She says, "How is grad night at Disneyland?" Especially during the day. During the day, it's not a problem at all. Uh I see a lot of posts saying it's a nightmare, but I think that's just people hating kids to be perfectly honest. I've been at Disneyland for many many a grad night and while the kids are present, you are aware of them. They are for the most part well behaved. Uh it's not a problem. It's Disney guests are not well behaved in general. It's not a kid thing. It's not a teenager thing. I can go to Disneyland right now. I can go over there right now and find four [ __ ] running around the park being assholeery. You know what I mean? Uh, it is what it is, but it's not. People overplay that, I think. Um, it's fine. It's fine. Beh, get the two bucks. Thank you. What are the best ways to transfer between Disney World parks? Well, each the bus is the is the only common denominator. Uh, every you can you can go from any resort to any park via the bus. There's constant buses, but the, you know, each park also has their, well, except for Animal Kingdom doesn't have any. But like Epcot has the Montreal, but you can't take the Montreal to Animal Kingdom or Hollywood Studios. Hollywood Studios has a Skyliner, but you can't take the Skyliner to Magic Kingdom. That kind of thing. Each park is kind of has their own way. Butch, get the two bucks. Thank you. I was so disappointed by Pirates at Magic Kingdom. That's because it sucks. Are you going to D23? Yes. Buses crowded, kids crying. You're at Disneyland. What do you want? Get an Uber then. Call an Uber. I don't John, I got your chat. I'll go back and look. I There's Oh, here we go. That That's That's a new one. Uh John, get the two bucks. Thank you. Any chance he'll ever film the Davy Crockett canoe? There's a chance. Sure. I don't know if it's going to be anytime soon, but there's a chance. Uh, thank you to Sean from Phoenix for the $5 gift. David, do you have Sirius? I do not. First wave with Richard. Wait, Richard Blade is still on the air. He's got to be 80 years old by now. He was 30ome, wasn't he, in the 80s? Do they still have the minivans at Walt Disney World? They do not. Is Pixie Hollow closed? Not as far as I know. Last time I looked, I saw some guests in there uh recently. They do have the minivans. They were gone for a while. Are they back? See, I don't I don't pay attention close enough yet for Walt Disney World. I think Okay. Apparently, they are running. Yes. Battlebor, do you believe in aliens? Sure, why not? I I I believe in aliens, but I don't believe in ghosts. How's that? Yeah. Okay, so they're back. Minivans are back. Blade is almost 70. I find that hard to believe. I listened to Richard Blade when I was in grade school. That would be 1983. 1982, 1983. That is 43 years ago. So he was just in his 20s then because he seemed like an old dude at the time. But I guess he was just in his 20s then. I am not going to purchase a headmount strap. And I'm not ever going to use a headmount strap. Not ever will I ever do that. I'm just going to I You got to go one-handed. That's the only way to do it. R Bemore get to $10. Thank you. Any recommendations for a firsttime D23 attendee? Yeah, actually um uh well actually it's different than it used to be. I I was going to say don't try to see the panels, but now the panels are paid. Uh you can see the whole floor in half a day. You can see everything you want to see on the floor in half a day, maybe a full day. Uh, don't be don't be too like see I don't know. I the exclusive merch thing I see very very long lines. You can have lots of opportunities to go into those shops. How long that the merch lasts is another question. But I see people waiting and waiting and waiting for merch. Um, I don't know. I I never really worried about that. But uh, yeah, you're going to have you can definitely see everything. You can see the whole floor and every single booth in one day. Uh OC cheer mommy get the $10. Thank you. If you like 70s early 90s music, check out Professor of Rock. He has so much knowledge. And yeah, Retroblade seems old as hell. I'm 55 and I knew he is at least 20 more than me. He is. He's got to be He's got to be pushing close to 80. Got to be. Johanna Cortez, your Teimu Pirates reference was hilarious. I mean, honestly, it it's true. It is. It's a Teeu pirates. Their their their uh Tiki Room is a Teeu tiki room, too. We had a ghost when you bought the house. Is it gone? Uh, yeah. I think so. Yeah. Richard Blade is 73 years old. Okay. 1956. Incredible. Google Lens. Uh, they film video. Yes, but they uh vertical. It's fine. I'll just do it onehanded. That's how I do it. >> Why do they call it WLT? I'm not sure what you mean. >> Have you talked about Zootopia possibly replacing Avatar and DCA? Stay tuned tomorrow for a video on that topic. But let me reiterate what I was saying before. I think um it's not a rumor that Zootopia is replacing No, I that's right. I said something on on on Twitter earlier today. That's what it was. It's not a rumor. That's just fanfiction. It's hope. It's people wanting it to be. But there is there's no rumor that that's what's happening. The thing that Jim Schaw said, Jim Schaw's name came up. He's a he's a a former Imagineer. He said it should happen or or it makes sense for it to happen, but he didn't say it's going to. He doesn't know anything. He even said in that interview, I don't know anything. This is just logic talking. So, be sure you people tend to like we've lost the definition of rumor. You know what I mean? Uh you could say anything on the internet that doesn't make it a rumor. That's just people talking. I'm going to make a video and I'm going to be talking about why I think Avatar is not long for Hollywood backlot, but that doesn't mean I know anything. I don't know [ __ ] I don't know why I keep swearing so much on these live streams lately. Is that it? Are we at 8:00? Oh, 7:59. Okay, last one minute to go. Let's go, guys. One minute to go. Yeah, I'm team Zootopia. It's not even conjecture really. It's it's not even that. Uh because that's that almost has a basis in in fact. I think it's just people hoping. It's just hope. It's just want and desire. It has nothing to do with anything. I guess that is it. Okay, it's 8 o'clock. We got there. Uh, go play some golf. I I would love to play some golf right now, Donna. I would love to. Uh, yeah, that's it for tonight, guys. I do appreciate you joining us for this evening. Uh, thank you very much. Do please remember to be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Press B.
