---
video_id: jH8_PQTBPUI
channel: FreshBaked
title: "But it's not as bad as it looks | Disneyland Construction 2026-03-06"
published: 2026-03-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH8_PQTBPUI
---
The reset continues at Disneyland with well, I got to say some scary looking updates on Main Street. But did you see that at Carnation Cafe? We got news from Jungle Cruise and they're doing something at Tom Island. Plus, I really got to talk more about those ballards. Exciting week this week. So, let's get started on Main Street. Last week we talked about what's happening here on Main Street, starting with uh the Carnation Cafe right there in the corner and how those construction walls uh are moving all the way down towards the refreshment corner. Scrims are down very windy. So throughout this episode, we're going to have all kinds of scrims down and that includes here on Main Street, which is giving us a fantastic view of what they're working on. And it's more than just paint and polish. That is pretty scary right there. I was It's almost like they're stripping it. Uh, but they've taken all of whatever little features and uh, adorements that have been added, including, you know, the the penny arcades. Oh my god, that is scary looking seeing the penny arcade stripped like that. All of this is a beautifification though. By the time they're done, it's going to look great. I promise. Uh, but yeah, so you're going to see a lot of things where they've been the the facads have been stripped and they're going to be repainting them or, you know, refurbishing them, refinishing them, etc. very much like we saw over at uh the Jolly Holiday when they were redoing that sign and it looked scary at first, but getting back to Carnation Cafe, something that I didn't catch right away is the sign that doesn't say Carnation Cafe. That sign says Carnation Company. And if you know your Disneyland history, you know that in 1955, it wasn't a cafe. It was still Carnation, but it was the Carnation ice cream shop. It was car, you know, sponsored by the Carnation Company. And the sign that's out there, you can see it in these old photos, says Carnation Company. They never took that sign down. That is the same literal sign. The Carnation Cafe sign that was here today or that is here today was put over over the original Carnation Company sign. That sign is 70 years old, you guys. Is that not amazing? I mean, on the one hand, we're like, eek, you know, they're they're ripping up the facads of Main Street, but on the other hand, we get to we get to look back and see. We wouldn't have been able to see this if it hadn't been windy on this Friday. Scrim would have covered that forever, but we got to look and and behind that Carnation comp carnation cafe sign is the Carnation Company. And that just just delights me so right in the in the very core of my being knowing that that's still there. Isn't that wonderful that we get to have that again today? So, here's a closer look. You can you can see it better from a distance, but there's the sign up front and then right next door. I I was just trying to capture, you know, whatever tore up facads were there and we happened to capture the carnation company sign. It's incredible. Uh worry not. All of this is going to be fine. What's not fine though is there was a tree here. They we lost a tree. Now, it wasn't here last week either. It actually was gone. It's been gone for two weeks. I didn't even notice it. But this week, uh, somebody had pointed this out to me and I'm like, damn, you're right. There was a tree here. And, uh, it's now, I don't know if it's because of, you know, sickness. I mean, we have clips. This is on uh we did a on that rainy day. It's the tree right there on the left of frame just past that 70th banner. That doesn't look like the healthiest of trees. Uh so and you know the tree beyond that does have leaves on it. There are leaves. Here's another clip showing in the very first second the the old dying looking tree and then the the the tree right after that is a little bit more fruited. It's greener obviously. But one thing I'll point out is that there's another tree on the right side of the street that looks just as dead as the one that's been taken. And that's still there. That tree on the right is still there. But we'll see. Maybe it's not. Maybe it's not long from Main Street. Maybe they maybe they do take that one out as well. I don't know if that's the reason why they took that tree out. Having said that, speaking of missing trees, going back to Town Square and the Main Street Opera House, there should be a tree right there where that uh in front of the Disney shop to the right of uh the opera house should be a tree. Now, this has been uh fake grass for a couple years now, but there was not long ago. And again, uh my peripheral vision said there's something missing here. And I went back and looked and yeah, uh when they opened uh the Walt Disney show there, that's that tree right there. Now, that's a healthy looking tree. That's a very lush looking tree. So, it was taken for some other purpose, one that I can't imagine. Here's another clip. You can see very clearly that was a goodsized healthy tree there. Uh and I don't understand or know why it was felt necessary to remove that tree. And again, it's something that I'll talk about um later on in this episode about, you know, they do things that we we don't fully understand it. I mean, it's a loss of a tree, but I'm trying to be like understanding. I love trees. I love Disneyland trees. And every time one goes down, it's like, you know, um it's just a little dagger, you know, a death by a thousand cuts. And I don't like losing trees, but I understand why they have to do it from time to time. Trees have to, you know, they they they have they die. They die or they have to be taken out for reasons. But the So, while I'm patient about that and understanding about that, and there probably is a very good reason for that tree to be removed or the tree over at Casey Jr., if you guys remember that tree. Uh there could be a reason for that, but I what we never see is them replanting a tree. The tree that we lost at the Plaza Inn two weeks ago, that tree was not replaced by another tree. It was replaced by uh a plant. Same thing at at at Casey Jr. So, they're not putting in new trees. Now, that like I said, there could be a hundred reasons why why it's necessary. And you know, I have a tree in my front lawn that isn't growing right and it's tearing up it's tearing up the concrete a little bit. So maybe it's something like that. Uh but I just for what I'm pointing this out because maybe to self self soothing thing or maybe just to help people like sort of breathe and be patient about this. Um I'm hoping there's a really good reason but it is sad that there's no trees the trees are being taken. Uh again, it's it's important to remember this is how they keep the park looking good year after year after year. They built that main street. I've just watched the you know that the Disneyland uh whatever the the the documentary they did about the building of Disneyland. This is how they get it to look the way it did 70 years ago. By regularly maintaining the facades and all the little elements, replacing the lights, replacing the trim, replacing the, you know, repainting and all that. It's necessary because things age and you don't want this place looking like, you know, well, looking like it's 70 years old, right? You want it looking fresh. You deserve that. You deserve that. Let's stay in Disneyland for a little bit and we'll check in on the Jungle Cruise, which has been behind construction walls, but also no scrim here. So, we can see that they've taken all the decorative elements, all the thematic elements on that top level, including the Emerald Elephant. The Emerald Elephant is missing. Now, I don't think it's another case where they're going to take it and not re, you know, replace it. I think it's just there uh because they need to maybe they need to resurface that deck or something or they want to repaint. Uh, but all those all those boxes, you know, the the the crates, the containers, and the ele emerald elephant are missing presently from the Jungle Cruise. But we did get to see some guys working back there, although I can't really tell what they were working on. The crew that we saw here last week in the upper deck is no longer there, but I can tell that there was some, you know, the work has been done. It looked like paint and polish. Looking through, I'm just trying to see if there's any if the water's been drained here. That's still there. I went around the other side. You got a much better view obviously of the water from uh Trader or Tropical Hideway. A lot of boats in the water and they've got a scrimmage scaffold up over the river, which is interesting. So, they're trying I guess they're trying to get construction crew from one side to the other. So, they have to build like a catwalk to get to that other side, I assume. But, I don't know what they're what what they're working on on that other side. Meanwhile, to the right of Rosie there, I see a construction worker in the queue and he's got a brown helmet. That's Imagineering. Now, that's interesting because Imagineering isn't generally onsite for construction updates unless there's a thematic thing happening. So, it's perhaps possible that there's more than there might be some guest facing updates here if Imagineering is involved. I don't know to what extent he could have been any number of, you know, functions or specialties. I don't know. Uh but that is that is at least a possibility of some kind of guest facing update happening at the Jungle Cruise. We'll go next door to check in on the Indiana Jones queue. Quite a sight, quite an update here. They I was been asking, you know, uh why they didn't cover that other side with scrim and uh they did last week. Uh, scrim has been updated or or added to block our view. They fresh baked the view as I call it. Make it a little harder. But I'm going to go ahead and get in there anyway. And look at that. There are some uh plywood down there. They they they've laid some plywood down there. Now, that's a good sign that they are rebuilding that deck because I mean, why would you need plywood there unless you had designs on let's say you've ripped it out already or you're going to uh because obviously they they don't they can't they had to put that down so people can walk around that you know around that scrim perhaps and because you can't walk on that surface that was there before because it was all rotted. So, I feel like there's a pretty good a pretty good chance that they are going to update that deck, which is exciting. And it's uh I I'm I'm looking forward to seeing how that plays out. But again, the real reason why this is here is so they can update that water tower that was over the queue. And you get a look at that. We're going to go up to the treehouse, which by the way, uh the wheel is still not working. Bucket still not working. Water is still not working. But again, that's off because of what they're doing on the Jungle Cruise. I believe the tea kettle is still off. Huzzah. What's up? Looks great. Okay, let's get our view uh of the of that. Well, it used to be a water tower. It's gone. Uh but this looks pretty much like we left it. So, nothing that we can observe here. I can't tell what they have been doing or not doing. Uh whatever the case may be. And uh and I don't know if if if they're in progress or if they're done. Just it's difficult to tell. That just looks a lot like it did when we were here last week. Want to take this opportunity to let you guys know about our preferred travel affiliate, Getaway Today. If you are planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort or to Walt Disney World, taking a cruise, you want to go to Alani, you name it, contact Getaway Today. There's a and they will make all those arrangements for you and you will not be sorry. They are awesome at their jobs, the kindest, nicest bunch of people you'll ever meet. Very well informed. They know everything there is to know about going to Disneyland and Walt Disney World. We fully support these guys and they're a very nice familyowned small business. So, you're supporting uh you supporting a a family business which I think is great. I love doing that. if anytime I can contact Getaway today. Use the link in description. Let him know we sent you and have a great trip. One thing we can report is that it looks like the monkeyy's back to working correctly. He is now interacting with the dial and getting it to move correctly. Everything is in sync there. That's fantastic. Let's check out the river, you guys. Last week or early this week, I I found these guys working on the deck. Holy heck. Holy heck, you guys. They're doing something to Tomur Island. literally anything. They're doing anything. The fact that these guy Okay, so what they're working on is they're they're they're redoing the very much like they were doing at Redwood Creek, which I'll show you guys in a minute. Uh but they're they're updating they're improving. They're refixing the deck. They're putting money, effort, and expense, and time into Tom Sur Island. It's just the deck, but to me it's symbolic of the possibility that um that they they have other plans. They have future plans for Tom. I'm hoping. Anyway, uh now I had to I I shot that on Monday or I'm sorry on Wednesday because I figured by the time we got uh because it's supposed to reopen. It reopened on Friday. By the way, before we get to that, I was on the Mark Twain going around the backside and I found Scrimman scaffold right there. I'm literally pointing at it. scrim and scaffold up there on the, you know, the observation deck on Tom Island. And then as we pan to the left a little bit or slide left in the boat, scrim and scaffold up on a sort of, you know, it's a it's a area where there are no guests to the left of those caves. Scrim and scaffold up there. Don't know what they're doing. Not sure what's up there, but again, it's not a place where guests could go. So, I'm wondering if it's Well, I I'm wondering what that possibly could be. I I just can't I can't guess. But again, it's it's a sign that they're there's some TLC happening. They're doing something. I don't care what it is. They're just literally doing anything. So, I have to investigate closer on Friday. So, we're going to get on one of these rafts to Tomur Island and see what the state is today. And as we roll up, that's the deck that they had uh were working on. Now, they didn't replace the wood. Like I said, this is a lot like Redwood Creek. That is the those are the same boards that were there before. They just took the boards out and redid whatever they were, you know, whatever was going on underneath sort of the foundation, if you will, and then put the boards back and plus all the, you know, the same netting, same railings, etc. So, that's exciting. I'm happy to see that. I'm also happy to see that Dead Man's Grotto is open. This, you know, this opens and closes on a whim and all the little features working. Um, Davy Jones's heart is still beating. The treasure guy is protecting his treasure. I forget if that's Regetti or whatever the other guy's name is. And then, uh, the Undertaker is still back there talking about his treasure. All that's still working. But there's no water still, which I think it's going to be a long time before we ever see water here again, if ever. That's the scene right there of where that scrimm scaffold was to the left of those caves. I cannot tell even here what they might have done. We'll go to pirates den to check in on uh the treasure lift still not working. Nor is the billagege pump. The the the pump is still there but there are now crates boxes where the where the actual where the guests could interact with it. So that's never going to happen again. Looks a little bit worse for wear. Although it was very windy. So those are all that's all happened because of the wind. So don't trip out on that too much. The pontoon bridge is working. That's great. And then here's that trail. I'm gonna ask this goose. Goose, you know what's going on over there? What did they fix? He had no idea. It turns out goose geese can't speak. Uh but yeah, that's where they were working up there. Couldn't see anything. And that's where they had the scrimmage scaffold on the observation deck. Nothing to see here. This looks just like it was before, so I'm not sure what they were up to. And look at that. It's been a hundred years since this cave has been open. This cave is open. And again, this is not a small thing, you guys. It go does open all the way. I barely fit in here. I barely fit in here. And I hit my head. I hit my head while I was going through here. But this has not been open. This cave for years. It's been years since this cave has been open. That's not a small thing. Somebody was on that island doing stuff, cleaning things up, fixing some something. I don't know what why the cave was closed for two or three years, but it was whatever it was that was wrong is not wrong anymore. That's a big deal. Okay, so that's pretty positive. We're able to walk out of that cave. All right. Uh but for you uh sixfooters out there, please do remember to duck a lot. Duck more than you think you need to duck because uh I I'm going to go check myself for a concussion right now. I'm really excited. I know there wasn't a lot really to take in. It doesn't seem like much and probably zero guests are even going to give a rip, but I'm looking. I'm watching and I'm relaying that to you. And I I'm I'm saying this mostly to help identify that Disney is doing something. Again, I don't know to what extent, but they are doing something and it's better than nothing. Thank goodness. Let's get out to Harbor Boulevard where I need to we got a lot of comments about uh you know our observation about those ballards on Harbor and Disney. >> All right, so we're back on Harbor Boulevard and last week our one of our lead stories was my confusion about the safety ballards that were put up at the at the intersection of Disney Way and Harbor Boulevard. And there was some confusion about the thing that I was confused about. So, I'm going to try to clarify the what I find to be sort of mysterious about how they're setting up those ballers. The first first thing we'll note is that it does look like last week we predicted they would fill in uh the dirt here cuz they, you know, they they pretty much finished what it was they were working on and it does look to be the case. There's a lot of new concrete here. And there you can see the safety ballards once more uh set up around the corner here uh and around these light fixtures or the, you know, the uh crossing signals, etc. And so I'm not I'm not at all mystified by the presence of the ballards because I understand that they're a safety concern. It's these ones in the back that are that are making me curious. They protect nothing. Uh guests I mean I guess guests could be in here, but from which direction would a car come from in order to interact with with these ballards, right? So if if a car even even if a car is coming from here from this direction and they make a left which they can't there's no public access here. This is bus entrance only. Bus is coming from that direction. Head in there. And so maybe the bus and maybe the bus right here, right? But in order for a vehicle that car would have to turn around and come back over here and interact with this whatever's happening here. Like it doesn't I don't I don't And you can't anyway because there's trees and bushes and whatnot. So what what is what are these for? Unless they have some other plan. But it looks like they have uh you know replaced all the concrete. So this is the walking surface. This is the guest path and they've reconnected it to this path. So that path is still going to work even though again I'm not real sure uh how you know certain you know widebodied vehicles or you know like uh scooters or I guess they could probably fit through there but it's really close. But that kind of just gets in the way. I don't understand these three. That's it. I don't understand these three. I can understand just about everything else right here. And I know you're probably asking me to ask these guys, but I'm not going to bother them. That's not their job to make me understand. Uh, so, but it does look like this is the final form, and then they're going to probably put some new landscaping over here. What is going on with those three ballers? And I guess the same question would apply if we cross the street, they finish the concrete here as well. What's going on with those three ballers? I mean, I can kind of again, I can kind of actually, it's a little bit more plausible that that blue bus could somehow come in this direction, but it's there's no chance that bus is going in there. There's no chance anything is going in there. I just don't understand it. It's baffling. That direction, easy. Some some car could easily come over here and hit these. They're never going to hit those three ballers in the back. I can't I can't even I can't envision. I'm going to shut up. I'm just going to go with it's not meant for me to understand. There are lots of things that happen. Uh lots of question marks about why they do things and I just feel like there are reasons that that are beyond our understanding for why they do things. For example, somebody was talking about the waterfalls of the manhorn. I'm like, why are those still not working? They asked. I I I don't know. There's there's some plausible reason. I I I mean, I know they want them to work. I know they want them on, but why they're not for almost a year now, I guess, or however long it's been since the Matter Horn came out of reverb. It was before that even. I don't know. It's beyond my understanding. >> Well, while we're out here on Harbor Boulevard, let's go check in real quick on the back side of Avengers Infinity Defense where I mean, it's been there's not a lot to observe here. I may have to take this out of the rotation. Uh they're starting to close things in, though. It's starting to get dark inside that building. Something we'll notice a little further when we get into Avengers Campus. Uh but one thing I did want to observe is we talked about those power lines and you know what you know a theory I had that's you know the power lines run that's Harbor Boulevard then they run across the back side of Avengers and Defending Defense and then they make a left towards Catella. You can see the the the cables or the power lines now making a left and then here we are on Catella. These are those same power lines that we were just looking at. And that's that left turn they're making, right? And then and then they go up and running parallel with backstage on Harbor Boulevard. I'm no longer My theory on that is shortlived. I was thinking about, you know, I mentioned it last week that there was an, you know, Disney was committing 85 million uh to improve the city as part of their Disneyland forward project. And I thought maybe that could be included. But then like I realized it could probably cost double that just to bury those lines. If you could even do it at all, uh if you could even do it at all, it would it would be a project of such monumental scope and scale expense. It would it would disrupt everything. And I just don't see that happening. I just don't see that happening. So, uh it would cost 85 million to bury one of those. I I think I don't know. Everything is so expensive these days. It costs so much and it just causes so much upheaval that I just can't imagine a scenario where Disney would want to do that. With that, let's go check out the corner. Uh, new developments here at the corner of Disneyland Drive and and Catella. Well, it was just a matter of time, you guys. It was just a matter of time. They have fresh baked the fences. I don't know if you could tell, but I did compare it to last week's footage. This fence right here has been brought forward a little bit. It was further. It was closer to those palms than it was to this tree here. And they put in an extra scrim there it looks like or I'm not sure if the scrim is extra but in any case we cannot see as well as we have in the past few weeks. It is no longer at all visible what sort of recent activity is happening back there other than that white truck is parked uh against that fence where that wasn't there before. Uh but we can't see if they're digging or if they're building or anything. They have fresh baked the fence. Speaking of fences moving, it looks like they have this fence is this part of the fence, I should say, has moved up as well. That's a little closer than it was before. They they they've moved it forward uh just in the last week or so. Uh what that means, I'm not sure. I mean, that's I I kind of I thought maybe they fresh baked this over there, but this that we weren't we didn't interact with that part of the fence before. So, I'm not sure if that's what the reasoning is, but that fence has been moved forward uh a little bit to give more room for something. Meanwhile, from the other side of the street on Disneyland Drive, let's see if we can't get a little better look at what's happening back there. And there it is. There's the fence turning left. And is that was just that is that's proper fence. I think that's I think that's chain link fence there. Have they started the putting the chain link fence? I think they might have. I was actually not expecting chain link by the way. Here we go. Here's another look. Uh this I think he's actually installing the fence now as I mean you can't see it. Maybe not. Maybe not that section he's working on, but to his left. Yeah, that's chain to his No, there is fence there. Boy, it's hard to tell. But they they're going chain link which I it's an interesting choice. I assume he's putting up more fencing there. I assume they're going to put a scrim on that as as well. It seems it seems not enough to do just chain. You got to put a really healthy size uh or you know a a dense scrim on there as well. So that's probably next. But they're going chain link. I thought they might build a proper fence. Uh but I guess this is probably more cost effective. Meanwhile, uh there's a lot of dust flying up right here. And I can hear a lot of whooping and hollering. Something's happening below the fence line, the green fence line there. So, we're going to have to go get a better look. It's really windy out here, so it's hard to pick up that sound. I don't know if you guys can catch that, but something is a foot down there on the ground. We'll check things out next from the Pixar Place Hotel. And I was correct that is concrete that those were forms that we saw last week. So, they have poured a concrete base for that fence. So, it's very sturdy, which is again, that's why I'm kind of surprised. They're going through a lot of effort to stabilize this fence and to make it very sturdy, but it's still chain link. I That's why I thought they might go something more substantial, but I guess not. I'm trying to figure out what those little puzzle piece boards are for. I don't know if those are that there's Well, they could be the forms, actually. Uh, but the concrete is running quite a ways or that those are the forms that they took out after they poured the concrete. That's probably what that is. Those are the forms after they took them out. So, that's not to be done. It's already done. Those are used forms. How about that? That makes sense. Or I don't know, maybe not. I because it it looks like they are working on them now. I don't know if they're assembling or disassembling. Fascinating. Let's take a look at what's going on in the rear part uh where that fence is turning left to see if we can spot anything. Again, fence is up. I got to think they're going to build a gate there in that gap. What is going on in that right third of frame? Are those I don't know if those if that's materials, construction materials. I'm not sure what's going on there. I've heard a rumor, by the way, that this area back here is being cleared out. I can't It's just, you know, conjecture. it's uh you know birds etc. Nothing that I can vet uh but I have heard a rumor that they are clearing things out back there. So by next week I'm hoping that we can see some action if not here then from the Pixar palaron perhaps but I don't know those could be materials there or it could be them putting stuff together arranging stuff together and getting ready to move things out. Okay let's head into downtown Disney. Look. So again, windy day. Scrims are down and we get to see Earl Sandwich in a very near complete state. This is the This looks pretty exciting actually. We've got It's starting to look like an actual building. Look at all that glass up there. There's windows up. Uh it looks like you could move in here in a couple months. It seems like I was calling summer. I was hoping for summer and I feel like that's a possibility. Look at that. You got the entrance right there. They're ready to put that together. You've got decorative elements outside the window here uh for the Carnaby. Uh this is exciting, guys. I think we're getting very close to uh Earl Sandwich opening up here in Downtown Disney. Now, that's the long view. Don't forget, you can still get Earl Sandwich right across the way. There's that temporary one next to Lululemon. Don't forget about that. State of the bucket. It's still there. Hasn't moved. Uh that that uh that cable is still there. So nothing happening at the bucket. The the sign. Okay. So this two weeks ago the sign said turn left. Last week the sign said turn right. Uh this week there is no sign. The sign is off. So you're on your own. But yeah, the tram is still closed on this side. Loading is still happening on the other side of the street. Tram loading. So if you if you want to get on the tram, you got to go all the way around. Not that anybody would from this side of things anyway. But again, walking up and approaching the future site of Porto. Skimemers are down also because of the wind. And we get to see them trenching some stuff. They've they they're digging a trench. That's an actual trencher. Trenching as we arrive on this morning. It's about 9:45, I think, when we got there. So, they're hard at work trenching for some purpose. What do you suppose that they're doing down there? Uh what? like uh you know some foundation work obviously but electric water sewage maybe I don't know uh but yeah there so that's that's currently where all their focus is right now uh is is getting getting the foundation ready which is exciting that's that's a forward this is moving pretty quickly as far as Disneyland construction goes and then obviously the path is still closed off we'll come around scrim is down here as well and uh we we can look at things from the rear side uh but you'll notice that it is the what? There was concrete here two weeks ago. A lot of it was rubble, but all the concrete was still there and they hadn't even torn up parts of it. It is gone now. That's all dirt. All dirt. That's the former sight of Earls right there that we're looking at. Uh and it's all dirt. You can see all kinds of uh materials being staged here, either about to be used or used. These guys are wetting. It's again a windy day. They have to wet that dirt so it doesn't fly all over the place. Uh but there's no there's no Oh yeah, there is a guy back there digging. I think he might still there's they're tearing up the concrete over there by the old ticket boost. I think all of that was concrete two weeks ago. That's those uh the I don't know what you call those things. They pound the ground to make the dirt nice and solid. Uh and there's the guys trenching over there to our right now backside. Look at that. So stay tuned. I we're not going to be able to see much, but I feel like, you know, they're moving pretty quickly here at Porto and I'm hoping that that continues because we've been working on this thing for years just talking about it. So, it's nice to see some actual progress happening. Let's get into DCA where food and wine started on this day. Today was the first day. Hopefully, you guys already caught our food and wine video. It was we had an incredibly fun time. Uh it it became less about eating and drinking and more about being entertained by Don from Offand Disney. He was there uh with us uh trying a lot of food and and providing some absolute brilliant commentary. Don doesn't do food, you guys. Don does Haunted Mansion and people videos. Uh but he was there with us to do some food and he was an absolute delight. We also got to hang out with Miguel and Janelle for a bit as well. Uh, we had a great time and we did try those mini LA street dogs and the carbonara Pazetta. Be sure to check out our thoughts on that. Let's get on the Pixar palaround. Yeah. So, Coco backstage still doesn't look like anything is happening back there, but I think we're on the verge. We're on the verge of seeing something happening even though it's now March and they said things are going to begin in the fall of 2025. There's Avengers Infinity Defense. Uh most of the activity that I'm seeing visible is happening on the roof where they're doing, you know, like the HVAC and stuff like that on the roof line. It looks like now on the far on the very far back side, you can see there's steel going up beyond the the the roof line there. It's, you know, the around the perimeter. So, that's pretty interesting. Meanwhile, uh more steel is going up, setting up for the uh truss system, and it looks like they're starting to button that thing down. We need to get on the ground, but so we'll we'll do do that in just a minute. Oh, first we got to check out the restrooms, but I don't see any action there. There was crew there last week, but nobody up there today. Uh nothing to report on there. We'll talk. There's something we found on the ground. We'll talk about that when we get over to Avengers Campus. First, emotional whirlwind is still closed. I thought it was open, but the wind uh so this attraction is still unavailable. And uh I don't uh I don't know what they're doing. I don't know. You can see what they're doing here at Jumping Jellyfish. They're scaffolding. Scaffolding means uh the crew. They got they got to get up there. So, I'm assuming Oh, look at that. They've opened up the other side. How delightful. Okay, so that's great, Disney. Good job on that. Uh that's great that they they were they were letting guests run or you know, the one side is operational, the other side isn't. I wonder if they're going to switch off. I don't know. I don't think the reverb counter was that long, but it take that that means that crew are going to be going up there. So, I'm I'm assuming paint. I'm assuming they're going up there to unless they're, you know, doing maintenance on the cables that lift things, but I'm assuming paint. Uh, Grizzly Riverrun looks to be, uh, wrapping up its reverb. Those logs, there's nobody there. No, uh, no artisans on site, so I'm going to assume that all of those, uh, thematic logs there have gone through all of their processes. That one looks done. The one on the other side a little less done looking but still looks good. Man, that's a incredible that all of that is faux. That that is that is not a real log. That looks so realistic. Well done. Redwood Creek was closed so I couldn't check on things there, but I can report that the water is on which is awesome. Water is running. The the the Redwood Creek is a creek once more. Meanwhile, uh going further along to Grizzly River and let's just check and see if there's anything happening with the geysers. The answer is no. I could not. I I've yet to see any sort of There hasn't even been equipment in that area. There are though scaffolding has I don't think the scaffolding was here last week. So this is a new development. Scaffolding at the drop the final drop at Grizzly Riverrun. Okay. Uh we are now Cars Land the restrooms that are between Cars Land and Avengers Campus. There are crew up there but it's still nothing nothing worth noting. They haven't even applied any kind of veneer or facade to that building. It's still just concrete looking. This is exciting. Okay, so we've been watching them build this new uh tables table seating area and I thought that's cool. They're going to take out that whole space. They they knocked out the back wall and they were painting that back wall. And then I said, "Oh, cool. Now now they're painting uh those pipes back there. They're they're adding some paint and, you know, thematic elements um you know, or or touching up the paint. It's not they're not just painting it red, but they're aging it a little bit. That guy's he's doing that little splatter technique. Uh, so that looks great. Um, so they're refreshing that up. So that's definitely going to be guest view. But God, you know, I was just I'm I'm walking out of there. I'm about ready to leave and I'm realized, wait a second, that wasn't there before cuz they had no reason, I don't think, to to theme that area back there because it was never on stage. So what if it wasn't there before? So I looked back at my footage just from last week. Dude, they installed that between last Friday and this Friday. That's all brand new. All the red and uh blue pipes are brand new. >> Yeah, those were not there before. Those were not there. So, there's blue and red very clearly. Blue is out. I guess red is in. What's in those pipes? What's going out and what's going in? What's in those pipes? Random Avengers type stuff is in those pipes. They're They're probably going to identify that somewhere, right? Oh, I'm excited. Something new. They made something. How wonderful. Interesting things are a foot. Disney is up to stuff. I love it. I love it. I love it. Let's get back to Disneyland. Check in on Idol Vice where uh Okay, so this is interesting. We we've been sort of speculating on what's going on at Idlevvice, you know, behind those construction walls. It is open. That's a thing. Yes. And uh but they are still, you know, the the the covered area back there where the queue goes is still closed. So too is that seating area next to the boat dock. Now, here's the thing. Check out these shots that I got on the Montreal from our Wednesday visit. Here is that shot from the Montreal looking down at the queue. And you can see that they have they they've torn up. All the concrete has been torn up and that and that covered area is definitely been destroyed for the most part. Uh they are definitely they what I don't know what they're doing. I don't know why why is this necessary. I wonder I have to know. And this is this is talk about that reset stuff. They're doing things for reasons that we cannot comprehend which is delightful to me. Uh I find that to be incredibly interesting uh and and positive. You know, I I think that's great for guests that they they're doing things that we wouldn't even notice or or care to have fixed. But there's a plan that Disney has for this little section here. And it's going to be for the better for the guests. I think this is going to be a guest facing change that they're doing here. Uh because that was kind of like an underutilized area in a sense. I mean, it's not a big space. Uh but you could put some more tables and chairs perhaps there. Uh a little bit more seating. And there's not a lot of that in this area. There's not a lot of places to sit. When I was there, I saw people sitting on the ground. So, uh hopefully that's what they're doing here. Uh hopefully they're giving us a little bit more uh places to sit and and enjoy uh enjoy whatever we're getting at Idlevvice. Now, it's been a minute since I've been on the Montreal and looking in this direction, but circumstances such that they were, I was forced to look down in this direction. And I saw something that I was not prepared to see and was I I I don't even know how to I don't even know if it's been there like this for a little while. But look to your left. This is as you approach the uh that that seating area, the boat dock area, but from the other coming back in towards the M man horn and look to your what what what is this? That looks like they've graded the dirt back there. I don't know if that's just backstage and it's always been like that, but it looks like they're up to something, does it not? I mean, it could be just be backstage, you know, for maintenance or something like that. And maybe it is. And I'm uh you know and I'm just going crazy. But it looks doesn't that look like there Yeah, there's cones up that looks more dirt like than than usual. I mean, I do look this direction, but I never really paid attention. There's a fence. There's all kinds of things happening back there. What are they doing back there backstage? I got to go back and try to see if I can't find some old Montreal footage. Uh and this again, here we go. Now we're approaching that covered area. But we can't see anything obviously, but this is well before this is there. You know what? Let's go to the Small World Mall and check that out from there. That is where we're looking right there. Okay, it's it's as that Montreal is making that turn. That's the area that we can't see it as well as we did from the Montreal. And I'll make another trip in the future. Uh but that doesn't that looks like it's clear terrain. There's that orange cone we saw. I don't know. I don't know what's going on back here, but it it it's just I don't think I've ever I don't think it was like this before. I really don't. But correct me if I'm wrong. There are probably cast members out there who can tell us. You could uh you could contact me uh with a pseudonym or whatever and uh I won't tell. But let me know if there's some if there's some cast member out there who wants to tell us what's going on back there or if it's always been that way. I would love to know. I am absolutely riveted by this that I'm I'm It's just fascinating the speculation. Uh okay, let's take a look at the reverb calendar starting at Ogus Cantina. Ah, she's still not open. Uh but it will she will be open this week. Closed, but the reopening date is March 14th, which is a week from now on Saturday. Great. Uh Jungle Cruise is closed. We do not yet have a reopening date. Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin closing on March 30th at the end of this month. No return date or no reopening date for that as well. The same for the Montreal closing on March 30th. No known date for its reopening. Buzz Lightyear. Well, that's a new addition. Buzz Lightyear is closing on April 13th. Obviously, no known date for that closure as well. Uh but the fact that it's you know I mean well we don't it it I think we can only see for it's 45 days uh into the future. So that's yeah uh it's like a day or two from that. Meanwhile DCA Grizzly Riverrun still no date. Although it looks like they're wrapping up but still no date. They might surprise us with something like they did with Big Thunder perhaps. Emotional whirlwind uh is closed as we've seen. Reopening on March 9th. That would be on Monday. So by the time you see this it'll be open. Uh, and then that's when they're going to close the Golden Zephyr on March 9th. And that'll be closed until March 17th. Notice they took out, uh, Jumping Jellyfish off the calendar. So, uh, well, you can't notice. You're not looking at the calendar. I'm just telling you, uh, Jumping Jellyfish is no longer listed on the reverb calendar, even though it is very much going through a reverb. And then Toy Story Midway Mania closing on April 6. No known date for that as well. That is our update. Fresh baked. I do hope you enjoyed. Thank you very much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another.
