---
video_id: FXaLHKY1MlE
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live and we’re back!"
published: 2026-04-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXaLHKY1MlE
---
Uh, okay. Am I good? I think perhaps not. Oh, where's the chat? Why is this backwards? This feels backwards. Okay, I think we're good. All right, let me get situated here. Hold on. Where was I doing this thing? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. How's my foot? What happened to my foot? Did something happen to my foot and I didn't know it? Or are you not talking to me? Okay. All right. Yeah. Uh, show of hands. Who didn't think I was going to show up tonight? Huh? Who thought there was going to be no live stream tonight? Well, there shouldn't be because I was in Florida this morning. My day started at 4:45 in the AM. 4:45 in the AM at the Delta Hotels Marriott Bonvoy Celebration in at the Harbor Links Park Lodge. Uh [laughter] yeah, so we had a we had an 8:45 flight this morning out of Florida with a layover in Austin and we touched down here in uh sunny California at about just shy of 2:00 p.m. I think it was maybe 1:40 p.m. Uh and uh had some lunch or I had some dinner and relaxed a bit. I actually I guys I'm sick. I immediately I immediately sat down and and started working. [gasps] I miss work so much sometimes when I'm gone. I had this conversation with the people we're hanging out with about how the thing that I hate most about traveling is how disconnected I get from my routine. Uh how there's so many open loops that I that I can't close when I'm on the road. There's so many things that that are left unsolved. So many issues are unsolved. so many ideas that are unfulfilled and I can't do anything about anything for as long. No, I didn't even nap on the plane. Liz and Sophia did, but I did not. Uh, but so many and it's like it it makes me crazy. So, I'm I'm like I'm amping. I'm just so ready to get back at the desk when I get back that uh that's the first thing I do. I sat down immediately. I made a phone call. Uh I got, you know, I got some work done immediately. Started uploading stuff. started getting getting ready for um the next you know the next video which is coming out tomorrow. Yeah, by the way no state of I don't know if anybody so a few people have asked and yeah no I was uh obviously shooting Magic Kingdom on the day that I normally would be doing state of. So we're just going to skip a week and state of will be uh I'll shoot that on my on my normal Monday schedule on Monday and state of will be back on Wednesday. So instead of state of you're getting nothing and then m you're going to get a uh we got three videos. We got Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom plus the night Magic Kingdom night cap and an Epcot video. Nothing from Hollywood Studios. And then one one extra video for Patreon and members where we went to a secret place that has a reference to our friend Adam the Woo. Um, we didn't get to see the reference to Adam the Woo, but uh, we went there anyway to to sort of honor him. Uh, we did a few things actually to honor Adam when we were there. We, you guys may have seen I saw some people talk about the um, we sat on his bench. We went to Celebration, saw some friends, and sat on his bench. Got some pictures there. I've got Oh, it's on the phone. Uh, I took a selfie and then we got a group photo of us on the bench. And then uh Liz and I uh visited Adam in St. Cloud. Yeah, the bench. Well, yeah, that's that's what I said. The bench. [laughter] The bench. Adam's bench. Uh yeah, the new the newly uh installed bench. Did I catch Artemis? No, I Somebody I didn't even know that was a thing. I had no idea that it was happening. Uh, but somebody mentioned that when we we were in the queue for Spaceship Earth, the very last thing we did in Florida was ride spaceship Earth and uh somebody said, "Hey, did you see Arnis?" I'm like, "I don't know what you're talking about." I had no idea. So anyway, we're back and um wait, what was that? What is the change coming to Saurin? Uh I'm sure you're talking about the they're doing a new uh a new version of Saurin for America's 250th birthday. Uh Disney is going to be participating in a celebration of America and its 250th birthday. And part of that will be soaring over America, not soaring over California or soaring around the world. It's going to be soaring over America. No Nate again. What does that mean, Jeffrey? You mean did I not see Nate? I've never met Nate actually at Disney World. The only place I've ever met him was here at Disneyland. I've met him twice at Disneyland, but I've never seen him at Disney World. I didn't see anybody. Apparently, maybe you guys can uh fact check this for me. Apparently, uh the WDW vlogging uh or what do you want to call it? Like that universe, the vlogging universe at Walt Disney World is sort of in decline a little bit. Uh, there's not as many people covering Walt Disney World. Okay, talking to Parkinson's got you. Uh, there's not as many people covering Walt Disney World as there were, at least not in as much detail. So, I don't know if that's a true. I mean, I know obviously you guys are mostly Disneyland, but uh I don't know. I don't know if that's a thing or not. PCC breaks. Yeah, he's the only He's Wait, he's only like the main four. Well, yeah, sure. There's uh there's Nate, there's Jackie, there's the Trackers, but let's see. Now, the Trackers don't cover or Walt Disney World exclusively. Jackie is well, she's all the theme parks. The same thing for Trackers, but they also do stuff outside of that. Uh there's PC Dev. Uh there's uh there's Mammoth Club. They're they're the only face ones, right? I'm trying to think of other face ones. Well, Resort TV only does live streams, right? Is Kyle Powell still a thing? I don't know who Ron on the Go is. Never heard of him. Uh Dar Oh god. Darce gifted $5. I I still can't remember. Thoughts on the rumor? Disney has begun preliminary planning for its next Florida theme park. Rumors suggest it's being built near Hollywood Studios. I No. No. I don't think they're building a theme park. That's got to be some one of those April Fool's Day jokes. We would know about that. We would know about that. Uh, let's see. JLo Disney get the two bucks. Thank you. Any new park tips for Walt Disney World? I'm going soon. You know, I I this was a family trip, so I didn't do a lot I didn't do a lot of, you know, uh what do you meditating on that topic. There were some things I I've learned I learn new things every time and I'm still learning. I think one of the things that I learned this time is there really is a difference in staying on property versus off property because we stayed off property this time. And there really is a difference in terms of the the the expectation about what it might cost staying on versus what it might cost staying off. There are definite savings. You can save money staying off property, but it's not as as much as you might think. It's not as much as you might think. And I feel like that would be a good topic to the true expense of staying off top off property versus on I just saw that I wanted to look at uh ear scouts. Okay. Princess and the bear cover all the See, I feel like food is over served. I feel like food is kind of because everybody's doing food it seems like. Uh what's her name? Uh Main Street something. Uh yeah. So I would want to I I'm not going to consider anybody who does just live streams. I wouldn't consider anybody who does just food. I'm I'm I I'm I'm trying to figure out who is covering the park and and how to do it from sort of our perspective a little bit. But I want to put our spin. If I do this, I want to do our kind of study, but but from a because the guest that I'm talking to on Disneyland is different from the guest that is going to be watching Walt Disney World videos, I think. Thank you to Smokey the Cat for the $2 gift. Uh, World Cup coming to LA in summer. High crowds at Disney. That seems I mean, reasonable, I guess. Uh, all things Rockies. Just wanted to say your videos are great. Thank you very much. Somebody said, "Offhand Disney." Offand Disney exists in his own sort of universe. He's his own niche or or people like that. Uh I already mentioned Nate by the way. Uh paging Mr. Merrell. Um he's not trying to give you any strategy. Uh so I don't really he's he's just doing history and like thought pieces and things like that. He's not doing strategy or you know he's not like somebody from somebody who's coming in from out of town and they want to know how to go to Disney World. They're not going to watch an offend Disney video, I don't think. And I'm sure he would agree. [laughter] I'm sure that's not news to to Talon. Uh, let's see. All ears covers the park, but incorporates games challenges. I would put All ears in with Disney food blog in the sense that they are doing sort of how-to type stuff, but they're they're not uh but they're not showing their face. Well, does all show their are they is that a face channel? I don't watch. I just know from the website, but I know Disney food blog doesn't. WW News Today does news. I don't know if they do. I wouldn't consider them a competition, I guess, is what I'm saying. Any tips on doing Animal Kingdom and Holling Sears in the same day? Doing anything with Animal Kingdom the same day is is a bit of a challenge. Uh, Darcy, give the two bucks again. Len Ta from Disney Dish and Touring Plans. Yeah, I like Len. He's really intelligent, obviously. Uh, but there's really nothing that there's no tip. Uh, it's it's Hollywood Studios or any the same as going to Magic Kingdom or Epcot. Do Animal Kingdom first, ro Animal Kingdom, then you got to take a bus. That's it. You got to take a bus. [laughter] That's really the only way to do it. There's no there's no uh secret way of getting into or out of Animal Kingdom. It's just the bus or you drive obviously. Mammoth Club is food and challenges. I hear it seems like challenges are a common thing these days uh at Walt Disney World. That's like a new genre of of video. Steve Boute, there's nothing like fresh baked for WW and actually you seem like the only one for Disneyland, too. Well, I would say there's a lot of Disneyland vloggers, but um and I know many of them quite well, but I I I confidently can say that we all serve a different type of viewer and there's not a lot of overlap there. So, I don't really feel like there's anybody competing with our channel to some degree. Uh, at least not some of our more specific videos on some of our our larger, broader type videos like well, I don't know. But there could be some competition there, but our our our more deeper dive type stuff, I don't I don't really feel like anybody's doing anything like that. Scan Fat Ed. Thank you. You wouldn't move to Florida, would you? We need you here, David. No, I would not move to Florida. You know, Liz and I had a running joke about what the criteria would be to get us to move to Florida. And Florida kept failing. I have to say the only the one thing I do love about Florida and and uh I I it really it really when especially it the the contrast happened today visibly, but I love driving into and out of Walt Disney World. I love taking that, you know, uh, whatever that I don't know. I can't remember the name of the highway. It's not the four, right? It's not the four that you take into the private, you know, that that greeny uh, swampy roads that you take into uh, that you take into each of the parks is just exceptional. I I World Drive, thank you. I I love I love World Drive. I love how quiet it is. I love how smooth the roads are. I love all the grass. I love I love all the uh the the swamps and the occasional deer that you see walk through there or walking by. I love the fact that the Montreal is tripping around all over the place like that. Whereas you don't get that driving into Disneyland and uh you know and harbor and ball is just not the same. And so I really would enjoy that. But once you get out of once you get out of the world the Walt Disney World bubble, it's like ish. [laughter] Uh yeah, it's pretty. So I don't know. It would take a lot. It would take a lot for that to happen, but I would certainly be I would certainly consider again um putting in more time. And well, I still We had so much fun, you guys. We had so much fun. Uh I just loved it. Hopefully you guys enjoyed the first video, obviously. Yeah. Excited for D23. Yes, we got our tickets this morning. Um, we were able to get in. Uh, me and uh me and Liz and Miguel and Janelle from Magic Journeys tag teamamed it. We both got on and uh, you know, agreed to buy each other's tickets, whoever got in first, and so we were able to get that done. Jungle Cruiser gift of $5. Thank you. The sale of D23 tickets was a major low. I got errored out and kicked out after five minutes. D23 help chatbot made light of the errors. That's not good. Uh you could ask for a human. You could just type speak to a human on that by the way. Um it's I mean it takes a minute for them to connect, but it's they don't they if you ask for one, they would give you a human. Uh but we luckily uh we were able to get in um the four of us got on and but I think one of us had number you know as soon as we got into the queue we were number 380 or something like that. So that's obviously you know that was a head start. Uh, Sig the Storyteller, get the 20 bucks. Thank you. Great to have you back home. Fresh baked. I'm in the park, but here's a contribution for a snack for someone. Oh, do we have anybody that can uh handle that right now? Do we have anybody in the house that can navigate uh finding who can get a treat in the meantime? Sam Lowry get the $10. Thank you, Sam. any idea of any other e rides besides pirates being closed at Disneyland during Memorial Day weekend? Um, no. There's nothing that I'm aware of that's going to be closed. Uh, technically though, I would not even call Pirates an E ticket. Pirates is not an A ticket for whatever that's worth. Uh, but yeah. Um, okay. Yeah. So, if anybody uh Perkins is on it, just let me know who it is and then I'll and then we'll we'll figure it out because I have a hard time keeping up with that sometimes. >> [laughter] >> Thank you guys. Uh, okay. So, where was I? Um, is convention center only pass worth it? Well, I define worth you guys. Again, this is not this is it's because there there's a disparity. There's a wide disparity. Uh, do you want to see the panels? If you want to be present for the panels, then no, it's not because you don't get to [laughter] you don't get to see the panels with the with the floor only pass. Ryan Paige, you get the 10 bucks. Thank you. There's definitely an amazing vibe when you meet anyone in the Adam Woo circle of goodness. Got to meet Drew in a moment, Greg's Game Room, and Aimless Adventure, plus Beth and uh Beth Vandal. That's part of the circle of goodness for sure. Yeah, I got to meet almost everybody uh during the two services that I attended for Adam. And um that's a big group. The the the Adam Lavouch tree is enormous. You guys, [laughter] it is enormous. It's pretty amazing that guy, the reach that he had and the effect that he had on people. Uh, theme park IQ, can we talk about the terrible new Toy Story buses and how great Mickey and Friends is? I was almost going to say, "What did you hear? What did you see? What?" [laughter] But, of course, that's coming from a highly highly biased uh angle, isn't it? I'm going to be uh I will be scouting the buses tomorrow. I'll be in the parks doing construction tomorrow. I'm right back to work uh tomorrow after a brief little not I well there's not even a break. I came home. I sat right down. I went to work and I did a live stream. I even though I was in the air for seven five hours, five and a half hours today. Um but I will be scouting out the Toy Story buses. But I mean, I feel like as far as Disneyland Toy Story parking guests are concerned, it's it the the change will be completely transparent. Melissa Harbor, gift of $5. Thank you. Figured out my figured out my no fresh baked merch and Oz issue. Sent to my friend in Minnesota to send to me. Hopefully, it gets here before I leave for my trip. That's a pretty good workaround. I like that. Good idea. Way to go. Again, give you a thumbs up for that one, Melissa. Well played. Uh, Cheryl Ricardo get the $5. Thank you. Just thought you would like something to get something. Well, thank you, Cheryl. I appreciate that. Has anybody Renee is in the park? No bias. They're ugly ghost buses. Are you telling me that the Toy Story buses before were sexy? That you enjoyed the look and the appeal of the Toy Story buses? That is that what you're saying? >> [sighs] >> That's hilarious. [laughter] I've never I never looked at a bus and thought that one's ugly, but that one isn't. How's no sugar and soda going? Well, I have to say I I'm not on a no sugar diet. I'm on a no soda diet. And uh there was a minor cheat on the plane. I had to get some Sprriers in my belly. And then uh where else did I have a minor cheap? I think that's it. Just on the plane. I can't think of or did I get a Sprite somewhere else? I haven't had a Coke still, but I did have to get a Sprite somewhere. Now I can't remember where. But anyway, it's still going very well. I'm still mostly, you know, all water and the occasional lemonade or something like that, but no soda. Uh, let's see. How's grandpa doing? You know, thank you for reminding me. Oh, no. Is it not charging? Oh, it's not. I got to I got to put Grandpa in the bag tonight. I want to see if I can get Grandpa working because I'm gonna put uh Oh, no. Okay, I want to see if I can't put uh Grandpa on play tomorrow for uh the construction at uh uh for Avengers Campus and more. Actually, it would be I would like to see how it works on from uh from the Pixar Place Hotel as well. Jungle Cruiser gift of $5. Thank you. D23 didn't have any human help. They said it was not available. Oh, well, cuz I I talked to Human Help this morning, but maybe they got too busy perhaps uh during, you know, all the chaos. They said it was uh they they routed you to their support page. Like, has anybody ever got the answer that they wanted from the support page? Anybody ever? Like, have you ever That's such force, Bucky. [laughter] Uh yeah, I heard it was I I see I was in the air. Our our flight took off at 10:20. We were in the air at 10:20. Uh I was communicating with Miguel and he we were we were able to get the tickets before I flew took off, but I I was way deep in the queue. I was at 70,000 uh when when uh when I got in the queue at 10 and uh but he got like I said, he was numbered. So I I but I I know that there was probably 50,000 people that probably didn't get served is my guess. Uh, manatee mama get to 50 bucks. How kind of you uh that I almost said, sir. How kind of you, [laughter] mama. Uh, she says, "Welcome back. Just wanted to wish you and your family a happy Easter." Thank you very much. I appreciate you. Uh, Ryan Paige, gift of five bucks. Thank you. Thanks for being a part of the circle of goodness, David. Our pleasure. I I try to be as good as possible. I couldn't survive without carbonation. Uh, you just say that, but that's not true. Water is life, man. Water is life. How do you stay so positive in what you do? It's actually quite easy, Gina. It's actually quite easy. Uh, and this is something I'm actually I'm I'm in the process of making a video about priorities at Disneyland and how to how to narrow your priorities in order to have a more peaceful, positive experience when you're at Disneyland. And in that video, I compare that to a life-changing experience that I had. But it's basically this simple to find the three things that are most important to you. Uh the three things that above all else matter more than anything else, you know, and the obvious, you know, things are like, you know, food on the table, healthy kids or my wife, you know, that kind of thing. Pick those three things and literally everything else can drop dead [laughter] in the kindest way possible. But the important thing is is to not care. The the the secret to happiness is to not giving. Well, choose your exploive is to not caring in in terms of whether or not what people think or if if it's a you know, like do you spend time having anxiety over it? Do you worry? like it just simply doesn't matter. There's it's so easy to just, you know what, whatever. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. I'd rather just be happy. Why do I want to waste any time worrying about stuff like whatever? Uh, you know, it just it just does that fall does this problem that I'm that I'm engaged in right now, does this experience that I'm having in this moment have anything to do with the three things that are important to me? And if it doesn't, then [laughter] who cares? In a 100 years, who's gonna That line from Terminator has stuck with me. If you guys know the line I'm talking about. Does anybody The line The line after Sarah Connor the kid puts the ice cream in Sarah Connor's uh you know, waitress outfit or whatever and her friend says to her, "Eh, in a hundred years, who's going to care?" Like honestly, I that that for that line stuck with me, has stuck with me for decades. Who cares? Uh Disney guy, get the two bucks. Thank you, D23. And not seeing the woo will hit us all hard, dude. We We've been thinking about Adam non-stop during this D23 process. Not going to lie. Uh let's see. I think I missed another one. No, I did not. Oh, do I need to have I heard from Oh, wait. There's Renee. Pork ends. Uh Renee would like a toffee nut cold brew from the Jolly Holiday. Now, uh hopefully there won't be a long line for that because Jolly Holiday usually has a very long return time, but we'll see. Darren, you saying you can have the best time at Disneyland and not go on any rides was great advice. Finding the little things to appreciate on busy days is life-changing. Slow down. When the park gets crazy, that's when you slow down. That's when you take it down internally. Maybe not like, you know what I mean? Like, but here, USA, [laughter] you know what I mean? and figures like what can I do that nobody else wants to do but is still a pure Disney experience and I mean then you it just changes everything and you get into the right mindset. I know it's hard to do that when you're visiting once a month and I often will acknowledge that in our videos and I totally appreciate that. And for those of you and and so for those for those of you under those conditions, I don't I don't have advice other than to just power through and keep trying. Uh let's see. Ques bucks. Thank you. With the refresh on the horizon, how lucrative do you think a bibbidity bobby style experience in Batu would be if that ever happened? I don't think that would happen. They don't uh there's too much makeup involved there. I think I know where you're going with that is what I'm saying, I guess. And uh the makeup would be prohibitive. Uh okay, Disneyland the dad 805 gifted $10. Thank you. Hi, David. Buying Magic Keys for the first time in years for my wife and myself. We can take weekdays off but always have weekends available. What key do you think is the best value? Well, I would say probably the belief key. Uh I think you get enough value out of that depending on how many times you're trying to go, how many times you want to go. If you want to go all the damn time, then you have to get the inspire key. But I think the belief key should probably be enough. Uh let's see. Jolly Holiday. Is that my little one coming in? I guess not. I thought I saw or heard the door opening. Okay, let me see if I can't knock this out real quick. That's the tiki juice bar. That's the pop. No, come on. Give me that jolly holiday. There we go. Any predictions for D23? Yes, I I am positive we're going to get an announcement about uh the new Tomorrowland uh toffee nut cold brew. There it is. I'm going to add that. [gasps and snorts] Uh let's see my order. Oh, that's right. I got to do this thing. Okay. Stand by for one second. Bada bing. Bada boom. Bing bong. Bing bong. Oops. Go. No. Why are you doing that? I messed up. I messed up. Okay, hold on. I can recover. I can recover. Fingers crossed. Here we go. [sighs] All right. Uh, orders placed. The number is 4180. 4180. And it'll be ready in 7:55. Done at 7:55. All right, let me catch up. Uh, let's see. No, I didn't miss anything. Okay. Well, those chats anyway. Have you eaten at the Liberty Tree Tavern? No, not yet. That's on my list of things I want to do. My four-year-old is asking, "Why is he not at Disneyland? Why is he at the hotel?" [laughter] [gasps] Sometimes I go to hotels. Yeah. Bricky says the matter horn is shrinking into the ground. Your thoughts? Uh not shrinking, sinking. But yes, uh I believe that is correct, but not like in a way that you could see it. It will take decades. Uh I would guess for it to actually show any sort of uh visible sinking, you know, like you could see it happening. You would have to see a before and after over the course of maybe two decades. Uh it's not like it's, you know, it's like like a quarter quarter centimeter at a time. [laughter] Uh everything is still functioning and it probably will function for quite a while still. Uh let's see. Disney, do you go to the parks at night? Yeah, man. All the time. We just did a whole bunch of night videos. We did two night videos, uh three night videos in the last month or so. Yeah. Do you think they will have discount tickets for the summer after May? No. No, that is a full price uh season obviously because of kids out of school and stuff like that. They want to get the full price there, but they are getting a break. The the explore key is getting more dates. So, there's that. Uh, blushing cow gift or crow gift of $5. Thank you very much. Have you ever fallen asleep while in Disneyland Park? Yeah, I fell asleep on the Disneyland Railroad once. I was very sick. I That was the day of the first day of Galaxy's Edge and I got food poisoning at the uh Pixar Place Hotel or at the Paradise Pier Hotel on the opening day of Galaxy's Edge. Can you believe it? Um, so I did fall asleep on the train once there. And I'm trying to think I did, yes, uh, when I had when I had Liz with me, uh, it was one of those, um, it was for the 70th, I think, and, uh, I I did a I did a, uh, a bell-to-bell job. I filmed construction in the morning, took a break in the afternoon, then came back and filmed our 70th anniversary video, 70th celebration video. So, for about 10 minutes, I fell asleep. She sat I I slept on Liz's shoulder for about 10 or 15 minutes in the uh Main Street Opera House. It was pretty cool. It was pretty cool. It was a full day, man. Full day. And I needed that 15 minutes of of just to close my eyes. I can I can rejuvenate with just a a short five or 10 minute nap sometimes. Uh, Angela Angelica Oberdovich is asking, "Do you think June will still be slow this year?" Yes. Well, no. I mean, normally I would have said yes, but uh I forgot that the explore key has more there's going to be more magic keys in the park then. So, I will see. We'll see if there's if there's a visible difference. That's something that I've got to I've got to remember to do. Is it June yet? I've got to prepare. I've got to curate my June clips for 2025. Uh so I can do a before and after. Here we go. Will the World Cup make a difference? I mean, people want to make it so, but I don't know. But we've gone through a lot of stuff over the years here in the parks where we everybody thought uh that it would make a difference. And I don't know, I just feel like the parks are the parks. The parks are the parks. And there's it's very difficult to find outside influences that affect the parks in crazy ways. It's just not that common. Not that I've seen. Uh Miss Kelly Marie uh has said there's a $50 kids ticket that starts in May. There's that. Yes, there is the $50 kids. That's a great deal by the way too. Uh I don't think that's a park hopper though, right? That's a single that's one park per day, right? Provo said they're adding bathroom stalls to mobile reservation best. Oh, Provost Jeff Nelson gifted 10 bucks. Thank you. I may be late to this, but please explain what happened between the enchant passes and the explore pass situation. uh they they want to give they they wanted to give more dates to the enchant pass. They wanted to give more summer dates to the enchant key. They felt like the enchant key didn't have enough uh availability. But they couldn't just add summer dates to the enchant key because nobody would know and they wouldn't have an opportunity to sell it. So they have to create a cut off date. they have to stop selling inch at one point and then start selling explore. So they could say, "Hey everybody, look, here's this new explore key, and by the way, it also has more dates in June and July." If they had just said there's more dates in June and July for the uh explore key, I don't think anybody would have even noticed. But the fact that there's a new key in and an old key out creates interest and and more attention is paid to that fact. So, it's good for us because it creates more awareness that they did that. Some people think it was a money grab. They made like they raised the price by like $20 for the year. $20 for the year. It It was not a money grab. Can she change her pickup time due to space? How much longer do you need? Yes, I I should be able to do that. Yes. Uh I don't know how long Space Mountain is right now, but let's see. Um uh hold on another 30 minutes. Okay. Change arrival. I'm going to make it 8:30. 8:30 is the next spot. 8:30. Okay. Yeah, we're all set. All right. Speaking of 80minute cues, I did two of them this week. We spent 80 minutes in Seven Dwarfs Mine Train Ride and we spent 80 minutes in Frozen Madness. Uh, ride page gifted five bucks. Nikki, how do you think Walt Disney World Indiana Jones will be compared to the Disney version? I mean, I feel like they're not changing the track at all. So, it's going to be I mean, the the ride itself again is going to be pretty much identical. Uh, I think they're going to go for it. I really do. I think they're going to go for it. I think it's going to be better than ours. I do. Yeah. Hopefully they don't get too weird, you know? Hope they don't get too supernatural with like aliens or time travel. They weren't doing time travel of dinosaur. I hope they don't do it again. I don't like time travel as a plot device. As a matter of fact, I hate time travel as a plot device unless it's Terminator. That's the only That's the only viable use of time travel or Back to the Future. I'll give you Back to the Future, too. Back to the Future and Terminator. And that's it. It should stop there. We need your help. We got to go back in time to solve this problem. I didn't like it in Avengers. No, I thought it was stupid. I thought Avengers use in in Endgame was stupid. It's going to be grounded in Mayan mythology. Okay, I'm I'm good with that. That's that's, you know, reality based at least. I disagree. I disagree. Somebody said it was a good use of time travel. Was it Endgame was pretty good time travel? I disagree. [laughter] I did not enjoy it. It's such because here's the thing. Here's the problem with what Avengers did with time travel. Let me here it's happening. There it is. This is tonight's This is tonight's rant. Are you guys ready? There's no stakes. You They killed half the Avengers. They killed half the Avengers. And everybody's supposed to go, "Oh my god, what? Oh no. They killed half the Avengers. Oh my god. This is earthshattering. My world is shook. My world is shook. Oh, no. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. We'll just go back in time and fix everything. Nobody dies. Well, I tell you what. And somebody said, "Uh, oh, no. Gamora. Gamora died." No, she didn't. I'm looking at Gamora right now. I'm looking at her. That's Gamora. Okay. >> [laughter] >> It's like what was that from? Beer beerfest. Uh landfill landfill and beerfest. [laughter] [gasps] Don't tell me Gamora's dead. She's not I'm looking right at her. There she is. She's just meaner. That's all. It was so stupid, man. When a when somebody dies in a movie, they should just die. I feel like perma death is a thing that is I don't know what's happen why can't we have perma death why I don't trust I don't tr the only same thing uh black widow she's not dead either she's not dead I just watched a movie with black widow in it was called black widow she seemed really alive in that movie [laughter] no I well I don't I'm not a fan of anything after Terminator 2 I'll say Terminator three. I liked because black, see there it is. [laughter] Black Widow's dead. No, she's not. I just watched the movie. I've seen a bunch of movies with Black Widow in it. Uh after she died. Uh no, the Terminator 3 with the um Star Trek 3. Yeah, the with the uh the chase scene with the hook and ladder and all that. Amazing chase scene. Great chasing. Legendary, but yeah, the movie's kind of stupid. I I understand the timeline difference with Black Widow. Don't think Don't think I don't understand that. I know you're going to explain to me that Black Widow's dead. It was before whatever yet. I'm just saying I'm looking at her. She didn't die. They're still making Black Widow movies. So, she's still alive as far as I'm concerned. Iron Man. Well, we'll see. He's not dead, is he? Iron Man is clearly not dead if you've watched Doomsday. Okay. [laughter] Iron Man is not dead. Watch. Watch. Oh my god. Did I spoil it for somebody with Black Widow? [laughter] I saw somebody liked my Beerfest reference. Did one person get that reference? Did one person get my Landfill and Beerfest reference? [laughter] Did I miss two chats while I was ranting? Turn the boot. [laughter] I remember my first beer. KM0 gifted five bucks. Drunk crew has been down forever. What is your opinion how much longer it will be down? Uh I had heard something like um two to three months. I don't know how long it's been down, but I heard it was going to take about two to three months. also would love more DCA strategy bids. Uh, I'll work on that. I I I I appreciate that comment. Uh, cool transit get to $5. Thank you. Live streams have been crystal clear lately. Awesome. Glad to hear that. We never get any complaints about that. That's good. It's been a long time. Did you I didn't do anything, guys. It's never been me. It's never been me. I' I've done as much as humanly possible. Uh, as much as a person can do considering I use my phone for these live streams. There's nothing else I can do. There's nothing. I'm sitting this the the router's right here. Okay. [laughter] I'm right next to the router. You know what I mean? I did as much as I possibly could. Tony Stark seemed pretty dead to me in endgame. I don't know. Have you noticed? Have you noticed that Tony Stark is in Doomsday? Don't think. Do you guys think you don't think that they just cast Doomsday, Robert Downey Jr. as Doomsday? You don't think that that's Tony Stark as Doomsday? Do not Is that not possible, guys? Clearly Tony Stark is still alive. He's Doomsday. Lana, [laughter] Lana, [laughter] I get it, but you're not getting me. Exactly. He's that That's all that matters is he's there. He's there. I don't care if it's a different universe, a multiverse, or whatever. The multiverse is stupid, you guys. The multiverse is stupid. I did not like I did not enjoy Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness. I will just say that. Way way way too much going on there. Way way way way too much going on in that movie. I heard that RDJ can be playing up to four separate characters on Doomsday, [laughter] but Tony Stark is dead. Come on. Come on. [sighs and gasps] Uh I I did, by the way, I did not like I did not like uh the last Spider-Man movie, Spider-Man 3 or whatever. Uh No Way Home. Did not like No Way Home. Way too much going on there. Way too busy. Way too many Spider-Mans. RDJ's cashing checks. Well, he decided to take that. RDJ was trying to quit. He was trying to pull a Captain uh or uh Captain America. I think RDJ wanted to quit, but but he uh produced a couple movies that stunk and the Dr. Dittle movie tanked. So I think I think he missed the uh the money cuz he uh he made a lot of money. You made Hi honey. >> Did you already take your bet? >> Is it 99 times? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I watched the whole movie. >> You watched Frozen? >> Yeah. >> Did you let it go? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Tomorrow I'm go watch Frozen, too. >> Really? They made two of them? >> Really? >> And even Frozen Fever. Didn't know that one. >> What is Frozen Fever? >> The short. >> Oh, it's a short. >> Yeah. >> Oh, okay. All right. >> Night. >> Hey, tell them what your favorite ride is. Space Mountain. [snorts] >> Come on. You >> come on, baby girl. >> Bye. >> Bye, honey. I love you. >> That's a lot of snow there. >> Okay. All right. Where was I? Huh? Oh, yeah. You got to pull that thing hard. Okay. Where was I? I guess rant's over at this point. It is already 7:51, so we gota uh Yes. Oh, uh Soie does a She does my magic mountain or my magic kingdom, Adam's Space Mountain, and Adam's uh she can do Adam's uh Montreal call. Uh Kelsey, get the two bucks. Thank you. Any idea how long Pirates Refer will be? I do not know yet. I will try to find out. There's another one. that she does that I can't remember it. Oh, Epcot. She does Waltz Epcot. I taught her that one, too. So, she doesn't say we're going to Epcot. She says we're going to Epcot. Which month is Disneyland less busy? Well, normally I would say June, but we'll see. Yes, she does remember. Uh, Adam, she uh when we when we saw Adam this past week, she she said, "Yeah, I remember Adam. Sure. I met him a couple times." You can see when the Blue Bayou is open again on the dining calendar. Maybe it works for pirates as well. I bet you they they won't open Blue Bayou before they open pirates. That's for sure. Uh, Blue Body will not open a day before Pirates does. At least I don't think so. Uh, Dingus Flamingus gift of two bucks. Thank you. Where can I buy an Autotopia piece like on your shelf? Uh, Liz bought that for me for Christmas, but I can't remember. Was it Christmas? No, it was maybe something else, but I can't remember where she got it. I can't remember. But you can buy it. I think you can. I just can't remember where. Is it true the motorports are coming back to Disneyland? No. Oh gosh, no. That's got to be an April Fool's thing somebody did on you. Uh, did I get tickets for the Honda Center? Yes, John, we did. We did get tickets for the panels. Uh generally speaking, uh escape for the day, June is not a hot month. June is pretty mild comparatively speaking. Uh it historically it it hardly ever even got over 80 in June. The 100 degree temperatures don't happen here until August and September. J cool. They're draining the canal and making Gummy Glenn a walkthrough attraction. Oh my gosh, wouldn't that be cool? [laughter] I would love it if they did something back there, but I just don't know what's possible. The Montreal tracks get in the way of everything. So, uh, favorite Pixar sequel. Um, wait. Is uh is Zootopia Pixar? That That's Disney, isn't it? I liked Zootopia 2. Uh, Toy Story 3. I really like Toy Story 3. That's pretty great. Thought you were at Walt Disney World. I was yesterday. We flew back home to this morning. I was uh I was in Florida this morning, but I'm here now. Christopher Queen, get the two bucks. Thank you. Do you uh do you expect any big news at D23? No, not really. I think we might get maybe um we might get some vague info on Avatar. Uh if they're still going forward, that'll be a good tell if they if they if they don't mention Avatar at D23. That'll be something. Uh but otherwise, no. probably more info on Avengers Infinity Defense, the the parking structure maybe or something like that. I don't know. I'm not expecting anything big. Not for Disneyland anyway. Yeah. You know, uh JCool, I'm out on QT for whatever that's worth. his opinion uh doesn't mean much to me anymore because he's turned into a complete and I just can't I just I just can't I can't mess with J Quinton Tarant I I I'll still watch his movies I think but I'm not going to sit there and go or pray at the altar of of Quinton. I'm done with that. He's a dick. [laughter] That guy's just a complete dick. But I do like his movies. I just watched what did I just watched recently? Django and Chained. Really, really like Django. Well, yeah. Everybody started going, "Oh, QT, you're the best. You're the greatest. Make another movie, please. Whatever. I love you." And then he hates You cannot go after Matthew Lillard. Okay. Okay. You cannot go after Matthew Lillard. Gloria get the five bucks. Greetings from Albuquerque. Thank you very much. Hello to Albuquerque. And Ryan Paige gets the two bucks. Thank you. Did you get to meet Biff at Adam ceremony? Uh well, I mean I was I didn't meet him meet him, but uh I was you know I could give him a high five from where I was sitting and when he was doing his thing. Blue Bayou will reopen with a modified experience before Pirates opens. How do you Is that something you know? That doesn't really Oh, they have said they're going to open Blue Bayou before pirates. They have a plan. Well, what's the point? I'm not paying Blue Bayou prices if I can't see a boat go by. I did see hoppers. It was okay. It was fine. I didn't hate it, but it wasn't like Oh my god. Okay, I'll look into that. I'll look into that. It was announced. All right. I've been off the grid. When was that announced? Recently, thoughts on returning to 2D classic style movies such as Snow White. I would love to see them do that. I would love to see them do that. Uh I, by the way, I did see Frozen. Uh Elsa looks great. Elsa looks great. I didn't get to go on Ratatouille, though. It was too busy. It was so busy the whole week we were there. Incredibly busy. There was uh the line for the safari, guys. Wait till you see the video for Animal Kingdom tomorrow. The line for the safari uh Kilamanjaro safari was back to um Tusker House, past the Tusker House. It was going around the corner around the corner on the back side of Tusker House. Do you think Avengers Ride will open in 27? Uh, maybe. Probably not. No, they're more than a year away. Uh, we did not get Lightning Lane. No. Uh, just standby. Only standby. Seven likes. I'm seeing uh 237 likes. That's not a lot, by the way, but I'm still seeing it. SD Boute, my blue bayou experience in February. Atmosphere A plus, food C, service D. I mean, I would probably give the food a little bit better rating than that. The service, I've never had a problem with the service, but definitely its atmosphere is an A+. I won't go. You could well I mean not that I go a lot but you could bet I if I had plans to go to Blue Bayou I certainly would wait until they're done with Pirates. Uh Miss Kelly Marie Blue Bayou announcement for modified reopening was covered multiple places including People magazine. Wow. People magazine all Yeah. Like I said I've been off the grid for for a little bit so I'll look into that. Kelly, we had a great time. We had a great time. So much so that I uh uh I am very seriously considering uh creating more content and that I'm still vacasillating on how I how I serve that content if it's here on this channel or if I put it on the other one because I I think I know the error that I made. I'll say that I think I know the error that I made as far as this channel goes at least because I made I made videos for a Walt Disney World guest, a Walt Disney World viewer for this channel, which is which was a mistake. The video for this channel that I needed to make was a fresh baked experience at Walt Disney World. My experience at Walt Disney World, not uh a strategy session or anything like that. a vlog of me and my family at Disney World because that's what you guys on this channel would want to watch. If I want to do strategy stuff, I got to send that to the other channel. But the question is, I ain't got time to do all that. [laughter] I ain't got time to make two videos. So, uh, so I don't know. I got to figure that out. I got to figure that out. But at least I know how to make a Walt Disney World video now for this channel. that much. I think we'll see. Uh the the early the early returns the early returns look decent as far as that goes. Let me see here. Where are we? Uh 16.1,000 so far. I mean, that's not bad. That's not bad. I'll take that. Uh the only problem is is that um you know the whole expense we talked about that in our in our Patreon video about you know it's tough to it's tough to make it profitable. So I got to treat it like it's a vacation that I'm trying to break even on more or less because I typically uh the way things were going I was losing money going to Walt Disney World uh instead of making it which is you know and this is still a business. I still got I got to pay my mortgage man. Ryan Page, I hate to be crass about it, but it's the reality, man. I don't have a job. This is my job. Ryan Pageige gifted $5. Thank you. Do you know when the Monsters Inc. ride is opening in Hollywood Studios? No. It's a long We're a long way off on that. We're a long way off. Uh just for whatever, Jim Schaw does not know. Uh he's a rage baiter. Jim Schaw is a rage baiter. He just likes to say controversial stuff. Uh he does not know anything. Yeah, I mean he could wind up being right I suppose and everybody will be whatever but uh Jim Shaw is not a source in my opinion respect former imagineer but that's not his role today. Today his role is wannabe vlogger and social media rage baiter. [laughter] Uh, all right. So, 8 Hey, it's 8:02. I got to get the heck out of here. I got to get back to work. Uh, I hope you guys enjoyed our live stream tonight. Stay tuned, obviously, for um another uh WDW video tomorrow. Uh, we're going to do uh Animal Kingdom and Magic Kingdom tomorrow. We had a great time. It was an amazing night. Uh, Buzz Lightyear. We did Buzz Lightyear at Space Mountain. I mean I mean at tough Magic Kingdom and we had a fun little adventure trying to get through Space Mountain in time to go see the uh get on the People Mover and see fireworks. It was amazing. Uh I love you guys. We'll see you tomorrow. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. And fresh baked. Click it.
