---
video_id: EA1T--hp9k0
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Why it's more than just a fence | Disneyland Construction 2026-02-13"
published: 2026-02-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA1T--hp9k0
---
Guys, I am fired up about the latest developments on Disneyland Drive. It's not just a fence, it's new Disneyland. Every week, the story gets more interesting and reveals more than the week before. So, let's get this week's story started once more on Catella Avenue, where every week we're on the lookout for new paint. It's been an obsession of mine for the past few weeks. Uh, and this week we found something pretty interesting. paint on the Disneyland side on the right side of the sidewalk, which I'm not sure if that's always been there and I just never noticed it. All I can say is I just now noticed it this week, but I find survey paint on that side of the sidewalk to be really curious. So, I get I get a lot of comments explaining what the what the pink markings are for and you know, they're they're survey markings to show where utilities, etc. are. I I do know that. The reason why I observe them where I do is because they I mean logically speaking from my perspective of anyone, again, I'm an idiot. I'm a layman. I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. But the way my my I process that is why would they show why do they need to show them in here if they're not planning to do something in here, right? There's no reason to mark a pink utility thing. Uh if if they weren't going to do something there. That's what I'm saying. That's what I that's the reason why I observe them. Uh if if these were going to be untouched, if if nothing was going to happen here, then there's no reason to to flag them, right? All right. Now, last week, we we wondered maybe did they take out a curb? Uh there's a bit of an optical illusion. I think there is still a curb. I think is that a curb? I'm not sure. But that's still there. But it's it was there. Let me back that up. That's there that I Okay. No. And you can kind of see it there, right? But then if we zoom in there, there is no curb. I I'm not sure if they've dug that out. It's kind of iffy. But certainly now, okay, let me go back. They've grown the fence. Oh, let's back that up again. They've grown the fence. The gr the fence is now attached to the current backstage area. That's that building right there is one of the three uh buildings that we see from the Pixar Palaround backstage where Coco's going. That's the that's the rear one. So, that's the backstage area right behind that. So, uh that fence has come out. They've grown that fence. They've blocked it off entirely. Oh, no. There is an opening right there. Well, you can. That gate is open presently, but they can close that it looks like. And there's definitely some action. Oh, like look at that. There is definite action there. They Oh, what is that? What is that? What are they doing? That's something. Okay, that's something. That's not nothing. Right. Meanwhile, this is a situation that I've been kind of fascinated with or curious about as well is the fact that the this section here of these trees on the on the actual corner have not been fenced off or in any way sort of do we get the impression that that's going to be part of the Disneyland expansion. Clearly, it's not. I'm gonna have a thought on that in just a minute when we get up to the Pixar Place Hotel. Meanwhile, we've got some new paint here. Some of that paint was there before. Some of that is new, specifically that white paint out there on the street that was definitely not there. We can look back in last week's footage and and see that that wasn't there before. So, they are continually updating this space that is there is activity here on a on a regular basis. Uh we'll come across the street, check out things from Disneyland Drive. And there it is, you guys. You can see it now. Last week we said they're going to build a fence. Uh those were Sono tubes. They're going to build a fence. They're gonna This is incredible, you guys. They built the fence. Well, I should say the the the the posts, the support posts have been built. This is definitely some kind of fence. You can see it right there. And it runs all the way over to I guess, yeah, it looks like to the far end of that of that fence. We'll get a better look at that from the Pixar Place Hotel. Stay tuned. But let's see. We've got uh an excavator there. They're doing more digging at the uh entrance way to backstage. Although I can't really It doesn't look like Oh, yeah. They are working. Uh not sure if that's anything beyond the you know tearing up the the surface there that we saw last week. Let's get up to the picture place hotel first. We're going to say hi to Bing Bong. Okay, let's see what we can see from the 15th floor. That looks about as we left it uh in terms of the demo of the landscaping, etc. and the sidewalk that was there. No new developments on that. We'll push in a little bit. And there you can see the post for the fence. Tall. Very tall. I I would say that's probably 15 feet or so. A very You can see judging by uh use those those construction workers as scale. Uh it's a good three times their size. So yeah, I would say that's about a 15 foot tall fence, which is kind of incredible. That's that's a really really high fence. more way bigger than I was expecting. Uh there was some debate, you know, that I saw in comments last week about whether or not it was going to be a fence or a wall because those sono tubes looked really impressive, very large, which I agree. They they were definitely very large son tubes. But but I would say that those the the posts that are there do look to me like fence posts as opposed to something in a wall. We're going to have to wait and see. I guess we're going to find out probably in the next week or two. This is moving pretty quickly. this uh part of the operation. But definitely that is a very impressive fence that they're building there. Not just a fence as I mentioned, not just a fence, but this is the beginning of marking new Disneyland. Guys, everything just imagine everything they're doing here is in order to grow the Disneyland property in such a way so that they could build new Disneyland. That fence is a a symbol of potential of what's to come of future Disneyland of Coco. But not even that, not even just Coco, but possibly implications for Disneyland forward as well. And well, I'll go let's get into that because I I feel like what they're doing here on Disneyland Drive in Catella is not just for Coco. It's it's a bigger story than that. Uh, and I will use that fence as a example of what I'm talking about. I mentioned that the fence doesn't it goes all the way towards well, you can't really see it from above, but when we looked at it from the ground, it stopped. When we're looking at this clip, it has stopped before it gets to the corner. The fence ends probably right about where that sign is, maybe even before that. So, what's going on with all of that? with all those trees and that corner space that we were talking about before where nothing is happening. What's going on? Because that I thought that that was the prime expansion. I thought that was going to be, you know, the place where they could really push things out. What's going on with that space? Well, here's what I think, and this is part of the Disneyland Forward conversation. I think they're they're going to clear all that out. I think they're going to make a super wide turn there for for buses to make that. We're talking about turning radiuses, buses having difficulty making that turn or even perhaps that plus maybe even a bus stop perhaps. But I think they're going to clear all that out just for buses. And I think that the fact that they're doing that is related to Disneyland Forward and what's going to be happening on this side of the park when that happens. When when Disneyland Forward happens and they start building over their own Simba, there's some desire for Disney to make access to this space via buses or whatever else more available. They're trying to improve. Why that may be necessary, I couldn't say. Matter of fact, all of this is just pure speculation and guesswork, but it just feels like the reason why that fence stopped where it did is because that's the end of the property. that fence ends where it does because they're not worried about that. You know, that other section over there is not going to be quote unquote Disney property. It's not going to be backstage. It's not going to be anything. It's just going to be well, it's not going to be anything. It's going to be it's going to be cleared out for some purpose. And the right now, the only thing I can think of is buses. And that's what excites me. That's what excites me is just the future, the the potential, the possibilities, and the fact that we're going to get to watch this happen every week until they're done. I couldn't be more excited. Uh, okay. So, while we're up here, let's take a look at that backstage area that we were noticing from the street, uh, where there's a lot of activity. Okay, now this is Coco. This is Coco related, I believe. They're there's definitely this is all new like the demo or they're digging up something. That's action that we have been waiting for to see some kind of activity here towards the Coco construction. So hopefully that's what we're looking at here. That situation is going to change dramatically over the course of the next few weeks, next few months, next few years. This is the beginning of that. Let's get into the park. Let's get into Downtown Disney. I want to show you guys some more of that Earl's demo, which is ongoing, of course. But before we do that, we finally got an update on that walkin from Downtown Disney. It has begun. They've uh extended the fence out there, you guys. It's happened. No disruption as of yet to the uh to the guests walking in from Downtown Disney into the Espenade. This path still does appear to be open, which means that the service for the Disneyland trams are still going to be unbothered, uninterrupted. But they have definitely brought out the scrim >> fence. It was right about there. Okay, I take that back. There is a bit of disruption. So, that part is blocked off right there where the fountain is. You cannot you cannot go to the right of the fountain. That is definitely blocked off. You have to go up the ramp that takes you into the bus drop off and pickup area and then make a right. So, they've got a cast member down here asking guests to come this way instead of going all the way down because it's it's a much easier, less less confusing route, I guess, which it does. It is. But what I can tell so far is that I don't think that they need to bring out that fence anymore for Earl. So that could be this could be the extent of things which tells me that it's possible that we may not have to change the drop off or the the you know this we may not have to close this drop off and pickup station here for the Disneyland trams. I mean there are quite a few more guests here. Oh. Oh they have changed it. I was just going to say there are quite a few more guests walking through this path than there normally would be, which would when they do the drop off and when they do the pickup, it would create more congestion than they would like, but I didn't notice this before and I'm noticing it now. Are fences up at each of the waiting areas all along the way. Fences up, which you know, barricades. So, you're they're it's a cue a clue that no guests can queue there. for the tram and I have and normally this would be open. I have taken the tram at this time in the morning. It is just >> let's see 9:55, but I have taken the tram back to Mickey and Friends at this time in the morning. So, they normally would have this open. They've got chains up on this one. As a matter of fact, no chains here because they don't have Yeah, I don't see the hooks. They've only got the hooks here. So, they put those up. So, this is definitely, in my opinion, a sign that uh that they have, in fact, close this drop off and pickup, which means at some point I'm going to need to come by. You know, we may have to test it. It's possible that it's already working now because where Yeah. Where if you're going back, where do you get out? We'll go take a look. Yeah, sure enough. There you go. I don't know if you can see that, but there are signs up advising guests that tram loading is now here. So, you're going to drop off and pick up. This is not unusual. You can do drop off and pickups on the same side over there often, but now it's over here. So, just make sure you know when you're leaving the park tonight that you make a hard right. Don't go left towards Downtown Disney. go around the corner around the the picnic areas. As a matter of fact, maybe even cut through the picnic area over there. A little less congestion, maybe a little more direct route. And that's how you get to the Disneyland tram pickup. That's how you get picked up right down that way. Now, you may have noticed back there that the fountain was obviously turned off for that construction. We have also noted that the fountains are off on that that little rest area that they have. There's two rest areas where they have these fountains uh in Downtown Disney. This one outside of World of Disney and then this one as it's uh well actually they're both outside of World of Disney a little further back. Both of these beautiful little uh water features that they have back here in Downtown Disney have been turned off and they they've turned them into planters sort of. This guy is still on this one outside of uh Naples. Now it looks bad. It looks bad, but I'm going to defer to Theme Park IQ on this. Uh they suggested that the reason why that is is because they have to the water uh is controlled all three of those water features are controlled by the same source and they had to turn that off in order to do the construction uh for you know or for the Earl's demo uh and or because they had to turn off the water for that one fountain nearest to Earl's. All three of those are related. Uh I don't know for how long. I I think it's going to be a while before we see those back on for as long as it takes them to uh finish this stage of the con construction at least. But they didn't turn them off because they hate water. I'll say that. As for the Earls demo, uh it's difficult to see anything these days because there's nothing left. Uh they've tore everything down. Uh so we're still in the watching excavators dig through the, you know, surface. still tearing up concrete and all of those planters, etc. They're still in that process right now. That is still ongoing. I just can't believe that there used to be a Labraa bakery there or the Earl of S. I just can't believe that that building is gone. Uh but the great news is is that Porto's is on the way, which is exciting. Let's get into Disneyland, guys. Rise of the Resistance reopened on this day on this Friday. Let's go check that out. As for the ride itself, I you know, there's been a lot of speculation about what it is that they're doing. We still don't know, but I think we would have heard by now, by now today, as I record this on Friday, but also by the time you see this on Monday, we would have heard uh if there's any sort of guest facing changes happening inside the attraction, which means that there aren't any guest facing changes. We would have heard by now. Even the most minute of change would have been reported on social media. Uh, matter of fact, we haven't I haven't even seen reports on whatever it is that they were doing here with the scrimmage scaffold. It was probably just paint and polish. Totally indisting indistinguishable today from when it was uh 3 or 4 weeks ago. So, no visible changes to Rise of the Resistance. We will though be riding as soon as we find the time. We will be riding just to make sure. Allow me guys to remind you of our good friends at Getaway Today. They are our preferred travel affiliate. If you are trying to book a trip to Disneyland, Walt Disney World, book a cruise, Alani, you name it. Contact Getaway today to make those arrangements. They will take very good care of you. We love them. They are the best. They're the kindest, nicest, most loving people that we have ever met. And uh they take good care of us. And I know that they will take good care of you. Use the . Contact Getaway today to make those arrangements. And I hope you guys have a great trip. Now, here's one that kind of took me by surprise. We knew that they were going to close Idle My Snacks. I didn't expect them to like really really close it. There's a bunch of construction walls up here uh all through the front of the dining location. I had said last week I thought it was going to be back of house stuff. It is not back of house, although they could possibly be doing stuff back at house, but there is significantly more happening on the outside. Uh I believe that they're going to be uh creating a new counter for for for guests. you know, they're going to update that situation and probably the the shaded area, the covered area. You can see, for example, that they have already stripped the existing covered area that has been already stripped. So, they're going to they're probably going to be building something new out there, an improved shaded area for that. But meanwhile, from the backside, we can see that they're up to something back there. What exactly? Again, I'm not sure. But the thing that I really noted was that they have dug a hole. They dug a hole back there right next to the the counter area there for Idle buy snacks. Curious. Uh, also I should note that that whole covered uh seating area back there, that's closed as well. Uh, you cannot sit back there, which is kind of a bummer because that was a lovely place to sit and have lunch. Although it was very busy, very difficult to find a table. So, that's Idle by Snacks. Let's check out Galactic Grill. The walls have moved. Last week, we saw walls up down the middle. This week we're seeing walls up now on the right side of the seating area as you approach Galactic Grill from the Matah Horn. All the windows are open up the middle now, which is great. Now, I don't I I wasn't expecting to notice this, but visually, can you guys see what I'm seeing that it's so much brighter and lighter and and pleasant looking? The the the paint scheme that they've used here, which is a wider uh paint scheme that they had before, is just I don't know, man. I this feels much more optimistic and pleasurable than I've ever I've ever had to, you know, I've ever felt at Galactic Real. It's fascinating to be in that space on this day. How different and this is just paint. All that was was paint. Whoever made this decision, bravo. Like people underestimate the importance of of those kinds of choices. And I just I I don't know why I'm beside myself on this, but I just it looks so much better in my opinion. Now, notice also the flooring. When I was walking through there, I could tell right away that they they've redid the flooring here. All of that is new. This is a much more porous. You can feel it when you walk. You can see it that they've they've put in and installed a very porous surface here, which is a departure from what they had before, which I again, I think this is an excellent choice, not just aesthetically, but for safety reasons. There you go. You can see this is that's the old surface there on the left. That's that's a new surface on the right. We've got some before images also. So you can see it was a much smoother, less porous surface there before. One that I would imagine is, you know, you could slip a little bit more easily. Not that I would expect them to do this everywhere. Uh, but for whatever reason, you know what? Maybe it's just aesthetic. I don't know. Maybe it is. Again, kudos though. I guess that's the bottom line is excellent choice. I I never thought I would enjoy a walking service or walking surface as much as I did at the one at Galactic Grill. Well done. This looks great. I can't wait to see this uh finished product when every when all parts of it are done. Galactic Grill has just been upgraded. It's great. Before we go, we'll come out to the This is sort of the the stage area for the Galactic Grill stage. This has not been updated. They did not update this, which is probably the right choice, I guess. So you can see this is all very old surface. Definitely old and not at all updated. Uh but you want, you know, on a if you're going to have dancing, you need a you need a smooth surface. You can't have you you can't have it uh a super poor surface where people can't slide about when they're dancing, assuming that they are dancing at Galactic Grill. Um okay, let's go to Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln and Main Street Opera House. On this day, Friday was supposed to be the launch of the mixed presentations, Magical Life with Walt Disney, Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln. You could get one or the other depending on when you showed up at the park on that day. They have they have integrated now they have integrated these two shows into one. Well, not into one, but uh you can catch either of them at the same location. Up until now, it had been exclusively Walt Disney unless Walt was not Walting, which has been pretty common of late. Uh, and then they would bring in Lincoln to, you know, as a pinch hitter. Uh, but today on this Friday, you could see either Walt Disney or Mr. Lincoln. Well, you were supposed to see either Walt Disney or Mr. Lincoln. >> So, on this day, Friday, they were supposed to be running both Lincoln and Walt. Today was supposed to be the first day that they're going to do that. Uh Walt has not been walting very well uh of late. So they've been actually they've been running Lincoln quite often. So today it is going to be all Lincoln all day today. Uh it is my understanding that that you know once they get Walt walting again they will they will be alternating. Now uh at first it is my understanding that it's going to be AM Lincoln PM Walt. But if you're not sure, uh, you just whatever pre-show they're playing, whatever show is happening on that screen right now, that screen you can see says great moments with Mr. Lincoln. Uh, if they're showing that pre-show, then you know that you're getting the the Lincoln show. the the sign out front should also when that when things are going, you know, correctly, uh the signage out front should tell you whether or not they're they're showing if they're doing the AM PM thing, it'll say, you know, now showing today uh Lincoln and then when they switch over, it'll they'll switch it out. There's a little slot on there where they can switch it out to Walt Disney. And then eventually in the not too distant future, hopefully they will be doing more of an alternating like onoff, you know, maybe not every other, but something like that perhaps. Uh well, they will they will be doing that and they'll have showtimes out there on the board for each one and then the app will also tell you and the app will tell you now that it's Lincoln only, but the app will also tell you uh if if it's Lincoln or uh Walt, you know, on that that particular time that you're in the park. All right, before we head over to DCA, let's take a stop over on Harbor Boulevard in Disney Way to see what's happening on that little construction project that they've been working on on this crosswalk. You know, I don't I have no idea. I have no idea. It's electrical, I'm sure, because that the whole the whole point of all of this was to, as we've been noting from from long ago, they're trying to provide more energy, more power to the parks for the expansion for Avatar. So, that's what that is what's happening here. What you know, what but what specifically they need to be doing at this intersection, at this crosswalk, I don't know. Uh, it's hard to say, but there goes there goes one of the art buses. Uh, those are back on, by the way. Well, I should say they're not back on. No service. There will be no service interruption with the Toy Story buses. Uh, which is something we may talk about in our next State of Disneyland report. Stay tuned for that. I was right when I said last week that they were going to find more action on this side of the street, the far side of the street. this week per last I didn't want to they were really hard at work there I didn't want to turn the camera on them while I was walking across so that felt like kind of creeper so I just kind of stood back a little bit and watched but there's a lot of wire that looks like a lot of wire there uh so there's a lot of action happening at that intersection that that crosswalk um I I still don't know the the signs they don't have the the little sign up there anymore to say how long this is supposed to be it was supposed to take a when they first uh put that sign up, if I remember correctly, it was going to be into gosh, was it August of this year? I think it was. I don't know. But anyway, that's our show. That's the whole thing we've done. We're back out here on Harbor Boulevard again, walking back, taking that walk all the way back to Toy Story parking lot. We've done a full lap come, man. Imagine. We started this morning at 8 o'clock at the corner of Harbor and Catella at the hotel. That's where we started and that's just about where we are winding up here at 1:12 112 in the afternoon. So, not a bad day's work. That's about 5 hours of construction. Now, we'll get into DCA and Grizzly Riverrun, which has been closed for a while. Uh that update is still happening and there's quite a bit of action actually still. I mean, more so than we saw even last week. We we've been observing that they have been building or or constructing those new logs like the bumpers, the rails as it were for the raft. It looks like they're I think they're updating all of them. I think that I think they're not just putting in new ones, but updating or replacing the old ones. We've also got interesting uh scaffolding up on the lift hill there as well. So, work being done on that. This is a pretty extensive reverb if I must say. Uh even though they do this every year, but this is pretty extensive. Uh I'm kind of impressed. You can see all kinds of mesh and and and plastic wrap down there on those logs. And I feel like they did they they they were just doing this last year as well. I have memories now of watching them do almost this exact same thing last year. Fascinating. Yeah. See, there's a there's a close-up of that action there. That's one of those logs that they've been that's still in the mesh stage. I'm I'm almost positive. Is that a What in the world is that? I'm almost positive that's exactly What is that? I don't know. Uh I'm pretty sure that's the same thing that they were doing last year. Okay, the fountains, the geysers. I got nothing. I don't think there's anything happening here. I'm getting to wonder if maybe they aren't going to do anything with the geysers. Uh because there normally we wouldn't be able to see stuff. We would be able to see some kind of action happening here. Uh, I I don't know. I I'm hoping they do because uh or I'm hoping it works at least because they they didn't work for the past few months before Grizzly closed. Let's get an update on Redwood Creek Challenge next where there have been walls up and I've been very curious what they were doing there because uh it was sort of unknown. You go I couldn't see or tell anything. They but they have moved them now. They've moved the the the fence towards the zipline and they've opened up the other area. Now we can walk through here and I I cannot tell I still cannot tell what they're what they were doing, what they were trying to do, what they did do. I cannot tell for the life of me if anything was done in this space and why those walls needed to be up there. But we can get a better look at what they are doing now where they've moved the fences and this now finally. Yes, we can see what they're doing here. That is the bridge, the wood bridge that connects that goes over the the little creek uh that connects the two paved surfaces. They're it looks like they're they're re they're redoing that little bridge surface. There's the new wood. Obviously, that new wood is going to go on that new surface. They strip the old wood out and they're putting new wood in. Makes me think, okay, did I miss something on the other one? Because that No, I that does not look new to me. I thought maybe that's what they were doing. They they they did the same thing for this bridge. This is the same kind of bridge, right? But that wood looks very weathered, very old. Unless they did an expert job of, you know, making it look weathered. I don't know. But that I I can't. Anyway, but that's we know they're doing it for one of those bridges, but just not that one. All right, let's hop over to Avengers Campus to see what's up with Avengers Infinity Defense. And uh it's the same. It's the same. It looks the same. Actually, no, it does not look the same. It actually looks much fuller. The the trust system looks considerably fuller than it did in the past, but otherwise it looks the same. Uh we'll get a better look perhaps from the Pixar Palaron. Let's try that. First, we'll take a look at backstage Coco, though. Um, nope. I say backstage Coco. It's the future Coco. Right now, it's just backstage. Uh, but that looks like nothing has changed. There's no movement back there. They're not moving. They're not clearing anything out. Uh, so nothing happening there. I think I think we got a ways to go still for that to happen. Uh, but Avengers Infinity Defense, I think they're done. I think they're done with the trust system. I I I can't see it. You can't see it on the ground. I can't see any more truss on the ground like we could before, but it could it's also because it's grown. I don't know if that's obvious or not, but the trust system is now covering spaces that were not covered before. I used to be able to see all the way to the ground from here. So, they've definitely grown that space, which makes me think that they have finished that part of things at least. And with that, we'll wrap with a quick tour of Downtown Disney where Earl Sandwich has now got concrete. Uh there's been a layer of concrete applied to the you know the the building exterior both here and it looks like more concrete over there on that side as well which is a remarkable show of progress. They're getting ready. They're they're getting ready to almost be done. I feel very optimistic that we could just be uh what maybe by summer. I think we could be done by summer. Lego store. Okay. So we they finished the uh Maleficent scene. the Maleficent Dragon. They have taken down now the Woody and Buzz Lego uh structure. So, they're going to replace that, I assume. I don't know. And then finally, our state of bucket report. The bucket has not moved. The bucket has not moved. Nothing happening at Tortilla Joe's. Okay, let's take a quick tour of the refer calendar. Grizzly River Run, as we know, is closed. Uh there's no known date yet. The calendar does not show a a reopening date. Jumping Jellyfish closing on February 23rd, reopening on March 6th. Golden Zephyr closed or closing on March 9th, reopening on March 18th at Disneyland. Ogus Cantina. Interesting. Uh I I would have said or I would have thought that this would open before Rise did, but suddenly, you know, Rise just opened reopened out of nowhere. Augustus Cantina will reopen on March 14th. Idol by Snacks is closed on February or clo is closed and will reopen on February 27th. That's pretty quick turnaround for whatever it is that they're trying to do. Jungle Cruise is closing on February 17th. No known reopening date as of yet. Space Mountain is closing on February 23rd for a quick 4-day refurb reopening on the 27th. And then Pirates Lair closing on March 2nd, reopening on March 6th. Taking bets on if they do anything worthwhile at all. Uh, the odds are no, they're not. All right, guys. That's our update for this week. Thank you very much for watching. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bite.
