---
video_id: DgYTVLyuxx4
channel: FreshBaked
title: "I need a Day off at Disneyland"
published: 2026-02-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgYTVLyuxx4
---
Tonight, guys, is a night for you, me, the camera, and Disneyland. Been going real hard the past few weeks. I'm ready to take a night off. We're going to Disneyland today. Look at that. Vehicles are coming out onto the street. I just saw an omnibus go up there. This be a great opportunity for a what? An early evening ride down Main Street. We got to come back. We got to see if they're coming back. Maybe we just catch this one right here. This horseless carriage. We're here doing our state of Disneyland report on Monday and we went on a couple rides and I had reflected on the fact that it had been almost two weeks that I had been on any sort of ride, any sort of attraction at Disneyland. And I was I felt so much happiness and joy in those moments of being able to do that. So >> I came back for more tonight. Uh just rides and fun. Our red horseless carriers, our very first mainstream vehicle that was introduced in 1956. Not quite an opening day attraction, but close enough. All these vehicles were built by legendary imagineer who had a heavy in the early days of Disney. They work such as Matterhorn, Montreal, Hopper Mansion, and this goes on like you can have a 16-year-old passenger driver. >> Sure. >> Yeah. No driver. >> Seriously, this is a very busy main street. The weather has been poor since basically what uh Monday, maybe Sunday. >> So, people are ready to come back. It's going to rain again tomorrow. So, I think this is going to be a fairly busy night tonight. You think you need to? >> Oh, yeah. That line. >> That's the queue from the Silhouette Studio right there. It's running all the way to the shop. My gosh. Right there castle walk. Guys, it is very busy. >> I was not expecting this. >> Like we were on a public road. I mean, like, what are you all doing? How do you not practice? >> Yeah, right. That's true. >> So, this is the omnibus. >> Okay. >> Oh. Take a minute to take in this scene here at the hub. I'm just flabbergasted by how many people are here today on a February Wednesday. >> Still not bad though. >> Oh my goodness. This is like twice as many people as I was expecting today. >> It's literally busy. >> Wow. >> What's funny is when you see them fly. >> Yeah. >> I guess we're not going to be doing any e tickets today. Let's take a walk through the castle. >> Again, I'm really looking forward to just enjoying myself tonight and doing some of my favorite things. You could probably predict what those might be. Dark rides, Casey Jr. Maybe maybe some pirates. I haven't been on pirates for a little while. Stuff that's lowfi, low impact things that I can do in a relatively short amount of time, no time investment for big attractions today. We'll save that for another video. But I don't think we're going to get many discounts or a discount I should say at Peter Pan. That is a full queue right there. Oh, the vibe is high, you guys. I don't know if you're picking that up, but the vibe is high. We're going to sneak right on to Snow White. I think that's going to be our first stop. Busy queue in here. This is the 20-minute wait probably. I don't know. Heat. Heat. In this disguise, I want them all. Yeah. Heat. That was absolutely delightful. That was absolutely delightful. And hello to the I don't know 10 or 15 fans of the show that we saw in the queue today at Snow White. That was lovely. And a great start to this evening. I've now got my sight set squarely on Casey Jr. which is running two trains. Outstanding. Always a go situation when Casey Jr. is running two trains. We're going to be in our train in about five minutes. I love these pink and blue tables. I'll just say that. Okay. Uh line forms here. Very light crowd here at Casey Jr. This is why even on a busy night you hit Casey Jr. >> Especially if they're running two trains. Especially we'll be on the uh not well obviously not this train and not the next one but the one after that. Well actually it will be this train. How about that? Oh, I like that. Good smile. >> See you. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Now let's display to the animals. >> Two for two. Fresh bank. That was amazing. That was wonderful. Casey Jr. never disappoints. Uh, I feel like a snack now, though. So, I'm going to go try to find something to eat. You know where I haven't been in such a long time. And, uh, I keep asking myself why, but maybe I cuz I'm waiting for a night like this. Maybe I'm waiting for a cold night and a hot meal. Well, maybe not so much a meal. And that's going to be Can you get in there? And that's going to be the classic Trouidor baked potato, cheese, sour cream, bacon bits, chives. I haven't had I'm always trying new food, right? I'm always trying new food. So, I don't I don't get a chance to come back to old foods that I like very often. But I love the trouidor. I'm trying to get a bite. I love the trouidor baked potato. Cheers. Outstanding. Just look at that. They do a great job of like loading it up. You know, you don't feel like you're getting shorted when you get one of these and it's hot. So, we're not going to do a lengthy review on this because true baked potato. Just know it's outstanding. I'm going to knock this thing out. Then we're heading back down to Main Street cuz I need more hot. I'm gonna get a coffee, I think. No hot chocolate today. Coffee. >> Oh, do you guys hear that? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What's it look like? What's it look like? I completely forgot Smar is back. 5 minutes. YEAH. LET'S GO. Let's go. Smar is a walk-on, man. It looked really busy out there. It probably still is. But this is why I like to do these low impact rides on nights like that because you just get, you know, it's easy and you don't have to worry about the stress. Guys, there's lots to love about Disneyland that have nothing to do with big name e tickets like Indiana Jones and Space Mountain. You got a time of your life on Casey Junior and Small World. Man, we're going to walk right on. How about that? inside and please watch your children. Thank you. For your safety, please remain seated. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And please watch your children. And that's the sound of 6:00 p.m. at Small World in Fantasy Land. >> Welcome back, sailors. When your boat stops, please exit out to the right hand side. Arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And please watch your children. Thank you. It's a world of a world Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. how we can get that coffee. And thank good I got to get out of Fantasy Land, man. I could do this all night. But I'm supposed to be doing a Fantasy Land challenge. I may even be shooting that this week. A Fantasy Land challenge is coming up where I'm going to see how fast I can do every single ride in Fantasy Land. Uh the goal is 2 hours. 2 hours or less. And it's seems like that should be easy if you rope traffic because every ride takes like five minutes, but there's like 17 rides back here. And and one of them is Small Road back there, which takes a while. Storybook land takes a little while. Matah Horn, depending on when you hit it, could take a little while. And I don't even I'm not even positive what my strategy is yet. I'm thinking rope dropping Peter Pan, then Matah Horn, and then sto No, probably too early for Storybook. I don't I got to work that out. But stay tuned for that. That's coming up. Fantasy Land Challenge. But first, coffee on Main Street. >> Look at how pretty she looks, you guys. Look at how pretty she looks. Outstanding. Somehow there's still a long line for the for the Silhouette Studio. Not quite as long as it was before almost, but still a good size queue to get into the Silhouette Studio. Amazing. That such a lowfi experience, but people absolutely love it. I love that there's a cue for the Silhouette Studio like the way I love that Mad Horn is often the busiest ride in the, you know, or one of the busiest rides of the park. Even though it's been around for 50 years and it's broken and, you know, it's rough and old school and not at all technologically advanced. Neither is a Silhouette Studio. God bless both of them. Okay, I'm expecting a crowd in here. Oops. Yeah, there's enough crowd that I went in the wrong way. Okay, here we go. You know what? They're going in the side door that it's going to be a busy time at Starbucks. Take your seat. >> Thanks. >> Have a great night. You know, the best part about drinking just plain pike, black pike grande, is that no matter how busy it is in there, you ain't got to wait for your coffee. They make it for you right there. 13 minutes later, I've got my my black pike. Uh yeah, it's 13 minutes. That's not bad. It was 13 minutes to the window and then I you know, obviously I got to walk out. So, you probably have to wait maybe 15 or 16 minutes if you get, you know, something a little bit more complicated. Uh, but yeah, man. Just get to walk right out with my pike. It's great. Now I get to warm up. >> Oh, that's good. I know. I know. I'm so basic. I love I love Starbucks coffee more than any other coffee. Uh, okay. Where are we going? What are we doing? I don't even know. Yeah, I got a I got a perfect idea. There's all this space. >> What do you do when you just bought a hot cup of coffee >> and you don't want to throw it out before you get on a ride? You take that coffee to the tiki room. It looks like we're walking right into the show. No pre-show. We missed all that. We're They're sending us straight in there. >> Oh, wow. >> Almost a full house tonight. Actually don't get to get one of my usual seats. I usually pick one of those in the corner back there. I'm going to try to slide in back here though >> because of their claws. >> Let's give the little birdies a great big hand. Get down there. Everybody stand up on your feet. >> Well, look at that. Well, this is going to make for an interesting construction recon session on Friday. >> I had I mean, I hadn't forgotten forgotten, but I just it it I wasn't expecting to see it close today. Uh, wow. Those are some impressive, you know, they got scaffolding up over the uh, you know, the the stroller parking area back there. I wonder what they're up to. Are they going to do something new there? I wonder. We sure could use more seating in this adventure land. There's always a hard time finding a place to sit out here. Look at Indiana Jones go. See, this is what I was talking about, you guys. This is what I'm talking about. Been on four attractions. We got here I don't know. We've been here at 7:00 now. 6 5 I want to say it was like 4:30 when we started shooting. We've been here for two and a half hours. Been on four attractions. We we're not trying very hard, right? It's not like we're out here hustling. Uh so, you know, we weren't rushing about, but we got four attractions in two and a half hours. Didn't wait for any of them, >> right? The longest I waited was that first one, Snow White. And because, you know, we could tell that the park was busy when we got here and I'm like, I no, stay away. Stay away from those big attractions. Stay away from the big ones and have fun doing classic Disneyland stuff. classic fantasy and dark ride small world Casey Jr. Tiki Room and not getting into the Indiana Jones queue that's curling into uh curling into the old Fastpass kiosk. Guys, remember those days fastpasses at Indiana Jones? Oh my goodness. Is it going I wonder if they have the uh Jungle Cruise queue open even. No, they got that walled up too. But wow. Wow. Look at that. It is busy here at Indiana Jones. We're going anywhere near Indiana Jones. Space Mountain probably Haunted Mansion. Also, that's probably going to be busy. Big Thunder, right? But, you know, I only have one more attraction left on uh my wish list tonight. But before we do that, oh, look at look at how much fun all those people are having. on that mark. So there's no there's no fantasmic. So when there's no fantasmic, you can just run that boat all night, man. Now, we did this last time though, but we did that recently on a night run. And I'm going to do something that I also haven't done that's also incredibly better at night. See if you guys can guess what we're going to do next before we ride that other thing that I said I wanted to do tonight. I guess picking up the Oh no. Oh, you turned the water off. What's up? Why is the water off? Oh, man. The buckets don't work. The wheel don't work. And now the water don't work. There's no water. Oh, yeah. So, we're going to the treehouse. I'm going to go check in on the tea kettle. So far so good. Is it not even on? I should have heard it by now. They turn it off. Turn the tea kettle off. But I guess you can't make tea if there's no water. So that makes sense. Woohoo! Wow! I haven't heard that kettle even once. I have not heard it even once. Just stop working again. I want I'm have a busy I'm gonna have a busy time of things uh for the next for the next construction report. I I don't know. I can't talk about it because it's so fascinating. Well, I I'm going to put something on social. Maybe I have already. I'm not sure. But that scene and the Jungle Cruise and the Indiana Jones with the generator >> stuff is happening. Such a shame though that there's no water. I mean, if something were moving here, that would be great cuz this is a really beautiful scene, you know, that they they've created here with the light and everything and the buckets and the wheel and all that. But there's nothing moving, not even water kind of reason. I'm thinking maybe it is related to the construction that's happening uh with Jungle Cruise. I feel like kind of like out there in Downtown Disney, how they had to turn off all the fountains out there. Well, not all of them, but some of the fountains out there because of the construction in Earls. Okay, I'm turning this video, but it's so exciting. Like, I can't help myself sometimes, you know? Sometimes I can't help myself doing Q math. Oh my gosh. Straighten up. There we go. I can't help myself doing Q math when I'm just having a casual day at the parks. And I can't help myself look at constructions even though I'm having a casual day at the parks. And the final tally of whistles heard at the Adventure Life Treehouse is zero. Zero whistles heard. So there's a little bit of trade-off there. Maybe they had to turn that off also. Who knows? That makes no sense, of course, but just the same. Okay, so the thing that I was saying that I had to do tonight that I haven't done in a while, looks like it's almost a straight walk-on. Well, not a straight walk on, but there's no external queue. Is uh Pirates of the Caribbe Caribbean posted at 20 minutes. And I just said Caribbean, which I haven't said in a decade. Caribbean for me. I say Caribbean. Uh we're going to take the right. Right is preferred. I wonder if I could try to race. Okay, let's let's try to race these guys on the left. If I can figure out who I'm racing. Uh the reason why we choose right is I think it's actually a shorter distance >> geographically or whatever uh especially if they have to if the left side the it's the left side that has to go run the side of the house. If the side of the house is being used that's an extra I don't know how many steps or whatever minutes. But it all depends on whether or not it's being used or not. It's also where they mix if there's any D or VIP type stuff, you know, club, they mix on the left also. So far, I I can't tell if we're ahead. I've lost I've lost the uh back of the queue on the left side. I have no idea where they are. I I mean they could be in the side of the house. I don't know. But I feel like if we're doing the curly thing here, they should be on the curly thing over there. If the if the distances on both sides are the same, but I don't I can't tell. >> I think I think that's the left. I think that's the back of the queue going in right now on the left side. I think we got smoked. That's kind of shocking. But I kind of also think I know why perhaps the right side, right? It starts over here, but it also has to go around this tree right here. Right. The right side does this loop around that tree and then it comes back. The left side just makes a left and it curls around here and then it goes back up the the ramp. So it may be shorter if this is the you the configuration that they're going with at the time. It's like a two-minute difference. way, you know, for science. We're doing that, right? But the difference really, no matter when you do it, how you do it, it's just a couple minutes at best. Yes. That's right. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. A hurricane for the wrong liver lover. Strike your feathers dear. >> And my thunder that scoundrel Captain Jack Sparrow will never lay eyes on you. Yeah. Yo ho yo ho. It's coming out. Perfect way to end the evening >> ride-wise that is we still got a few moments to share as we make our way out of the park. One of the great one of the great things about we're not closing the park, but we're we're here at night is I I just love the ceremonial stroll out of the park in the you know I guess still early. It's only uh 7:45, not even 8 o'clock. Park closes at 10, I think, tonight. Uh but still, it's it's lovely. I love walking it out at night. I love seeing the lights on Main Street. And they're testing fantastic fountains. How fun. When the name dropped us off, it was downtown. 11 square. I don't know. No fireworks tonight either, so we shouldn't expect a big crowd on Main Street. Heck, they they could probably run a few vehicles out here right now if they wanted to. There's nobody in the in the usual waiting spot. Let's just do a little drive by. There's nobody out here. I mean, they are going to do projections. They're going to do wondrous projection still. 7:45 or an hour 45. Boy, that would be ludicrous to park out here right now for Wondrous. I think even even the most novice fan would have to understand unless they think there's going to be fireworks. But yeah, it would be nonsense to park here for Wondrous at this point. Although it looks like Well, okay. Oh, no. They're You know what? They're not parked for Wonders. I was just going to say, what are these? They're parked for uh paint the night which starts at 8:30. So that's just that's that's actually not bad for 45 minutes of showtime. Lots of space along this route. It looks like you can post up on any one of these spots over here. >> I would post up paint the night. There we go. Yeah, Main Street is starting to get starting to get a little thicker over here with the crowds on the on the curb. I'm not crazy about this spot right here. Right here, by the way. The the curved nature of it. I mean, you are close. That's good. You get to be really close to the to the floats from there. But I like it straight. I like I like being on a straightaway as opposed to a curved curb, etc. I wonder how seating is here on Main Street >> with 45 minutes to go still. Yeah. 750. So less than that now. 40 39. Oh yeah. See, I don't know. I I maybe I see things strictly from a single person who's willing to stand. I like to stand. I don't like to sit. I It's too low for me. So, I see all this as absolute luxury. All those spots there behind the sitters. You can just easily roll in there. And it's going to be that way for a few minutes still. Lots of space there. And this is prime real estate right here. Main Street. Paint the night. Heck yeah. The only people that are posted right now are the people who who want to sit. The standers can uh well, they can hang out for a little while. There is one spot that I would post up for. One spot that I would sit or stand or whatever for like an hour or so. This spot right here. Hi guys. This spot right here at the top of town square. That's like the best possible spot in my opinion for any parade. You get cuz you get them coming right at you like that and then you get to watch them fade to the right. Absolutely perfection. That's for me. That is our evening for tonight. I guess hope you enjoyed this fun little frolic through the parks today. Five rides. Baked potato. Good times. Take the night off. No hard work tonight except for a little casual recon. That didn't hurt nobody. A little bit of casual or construction recon and uh Q science. Just casual. Nothing big. Nothing no big deal. Uh thanks for watching everybody. >> We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to another. I'm trying to watch my step. Let's get Locus here. Be safe out there. Be kind to him. Another fresh bake.
