---
video_id: adlPqvcu8xc
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Spring Crowds have arrived! | State of DCA 2026-03-09"
published: 2026-03-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adlPqvcu8xc
---
Spring crowds are here and it's made for a wild day here at DCA. We've got proof that single rider is no bargain at Incred Coaster. We're proving it right now. Something new at Smoke Jumpers, plus reflections on the recent services for Adam in the Woo. It's our state of DCA report and this is Fresh Bank. All right, guys. This ought to be good. Let's get started with Vive checked out Wayne Street. live check coming to you at 11:51 in the morning on a beautiful, absolutely beautiful Monday morning. It is just picture perfect weather right now. We got through our heat wave. It was 90 on Friday. It was 90 on Friday. Back down to the low 70s again. Thank goodness. Uh and I'm I'm expecting uh something of a a slightly busy day here. you guys here uh at DCA this morning, this afternoon, although it's kind of chill right now. This is not a bad scene right here. I'm not feeling too much pressure. Uh but I was actually here this morning. Got here this morning at just shy of 9:00 a.m. I was I did a uh an acoustic walkthrough of the whole park uh for our sister channel, Tours Departing Daily. There's a if you want to watch that. I But I got a good, you know, I did a lap I did a whole lap around the park today and I got to tell you, man, it was busy. It was pretty busy. 4 9:00 a.m. Morning guys. Uh for 9:00 a.m. we found some pretty decent weights out there. We I saw 75 minutes at Mission Breakout. Uh I saw dude the queue at Luigi's was sticking out of the that one little threshold that that point where I say don't get in the queue. Anyway, so based on that, I'm expecting something of a busy afternoon here uh at at DCA today. And there might be a good reason why. We'll get to that. But I want to pick up more of this car circle vibe right now. It's lovely out here. Absolutely lovely. Mini's entertaining guests. Everybody's happy. It's food and wine festival. People are bringing their stomachs. They're ready to eat. We'll talk about that a little bit later today. Uh we've already had some lunch and I'm going to share that with you later as well. We got some food and wine lunch. There's Car. And we're going to get our show started proper by heading down to Hollywood Boulevard and the Hollywood backlab right after I say hi to Donald. >> Hi, Donald. >> Good to see you. >> All right, I did it. In for a high five, but he gave me a proper handshake. Even better, man. Thrilled. Uh, okay. So, what we're looking at here today, I believe, is uh uh according to from what I'm hearing, there's a lot of schools out for spring break. Spring break has started. Even though we're not quite at spring officially, spring break has begun here in Southern California. And we're going to be seeing some uh some kids in the park today, I would imagine. And we're going to see a little bit extra, you know, extra level of guest than we might normally or have been in recent weeks. Plus, there's also that still that influence of that uh discounted ticket. The discounted ticket that is still a thing and it's still having an impact on crowds here at DCA and at Disneyland. for myself and the five and dime. Thank you guys for joining us for this state of DCA report. Uh if you're not familiar with this show or this format, uh we're going to take a complete tour. The state of DCA report is where we take a complete tour around the entire park. We're going to go to every land and every attraction. and we're going to talk about what's new as we approach those lands and those attractions. What's new happening, you know, at those spaces. Uh we're going to do a little Q science, a little a little uh park science, which is something our favorite thing to do right here. It's my specialty. I love doing park science. We're going to get some new food, maybe a drink. I don't know. I I I kind of I didn't get to drink everything when I was here on Friday for food and wine. So, we might have a little bit of that ahead of us. But the goal here is to understand everything that's happening right now here in this park, giving you what is the state of DCA today. And that state is going to be starting here at the Hollywood backlot. Look at sch smoozies. Wait a second. Yeah, that queue is wrapping around. Oh my gosh, the queue is going all the way down to that trash can. What are they offering here? I got to You know how long it's been since I've gotten anything from smoothies? Do I need to make a point of coming here? There's a a mango natada smoothie. Uh, let's see. Oh, they've got a iced honey matcha tea. I don't know what they have here for food and wine. But they do serve alcohol now. They that that's something they added to the menu here in the last year or a couple years, I think. Have to make an appointment. So, come to Schmoozies. It's been a minute, guys. Look at the action back here right now at the back lot. This is as busy as I've seen the back lot in months. Look at this scene. I think part of it might be they're doing a, you know, a stage show imagination campus type deal over here, but there's just a lot of action in general. And I am also I have noticed since we've been walking down Boy Street and Hollywood Boulevard and inordinate amount of high schoolaged kids in the park today. Oh no. >> Oh no. We were I was just in here getting B-roll and yeah, it still says 60, but they just put the chains up. That was that wasn't the case like 2 minutes ago. But I was going to remark that if this is any indication of what we've got ahead of us, it's going to be a busy day. 60 minutes for monsters, which is just an incredibly shocking amount of time to wait for Mike and Sully to the rescue. My goodness, guys. This ride is just I love Mike and Sully. You know, love might be a strong word. I like Mike and Sully. I think it's a fine dark ride, but seriously, it is just a dark ride. You don't have to wait that long for Peter Pan, considered the greatest dark ride ever made. You don't have to wait that long for most any attraction at Disneyland, say for Rise of the Resistance and Indiana Jones. But you got to wait an hour to ride Mike and Sully to the rescue today. and they want to they they want to close that sucker. Like, are you serious? Obviously, what they're going to replace it with is going to have a lot more people in it and they're going to wait a lot longer than 60 minutes. But, uh, yeah. So, there on that topic, there's no action here, no movement on the Micas to the Rescue story. We reported on this on our last state of DCA that uh the the the the closing date has been pushed out into 27, sometime in 27. Uh, so we've got all of this here to enjoy Mansali. And my suspicion is that although there there are a few different reasons, but my suspicion is that my my leading candidate is that they're waiting for Avengers Campus to finish or at least be, you know, close to finishing. They don't want to take this ride down. And a park that's already uh too short of attractions to begin with. Uh there's already too few attractions here. take one down. Then you got to wait for till what 27 Avengers Infinity Defense is a year away at least. At least a year away. Probably more. Maybe like uh 18 months is my guess. So I think that's when you're going to we're going to see this open. We I don't know if we're going to be talking about this every single time we come to DCA. But just following up on our conversation from last week, Monsters, Inc. not closing until sometime in 2027. Uh probably mid probably mid27 because I think they're going to wait until Avengers of Petty Defense and Starflight Lab are open. >> Oh man. Yeah. Check out these crowds here. This is kind of surprising. Uh it could be for food and wine. Although I don't they're advertising food and wine here as being happening in the back lot. But there's no booths here. I don't know how. I mean I guess the are guests here. You've got the banners out. They're doing the super kitties thing which I completely forgot about. I don't come over here now. I don't I don't come over here when we do food and wine because there's no food for food and wine. Just the Superkitties. Although I would have liked to have checked out that show on on Friday when we were here just to, you know, give a little more context, a little more texture to that show. Uh but I hopefully you guys watched our food and wine festival. Say thank you to Don for joining us. Uh we've been friends with Don for quite a long time and he had some time to kill. He wasn't doing a show and he's like, "Hey, you know, I'll hang out with you guys." like, "Hell yeah, let's go." And that is the Hollywood backlot. They're still rocking over there for Imagination Campus. I still don't understand exactly what Imagin Imagination Campus is. I know of it. I know it's a Disney thing. I know that they they do stuff in that building right there where uh where Ursula's Grotto was and where Beast Library was. Uh that's now I don't know. I have no idea what Imagination Campus is. Oh, there we go. We got two right there. We can see two right now. I don't even have to I don't even have to wait. So, we know we're at least Alpha and Bravo there on mission breakout, which is a good sign. I like I saw that 75minute wait this morning and I thought maybe I thought maybe they were down uh down an elevator, but well, they are down one. I I would I'm assuming uh Charlie's closed. They're running only two out of three these days because they're doing a reverb on there. Uh, so when I say they're down in an elevator, I mean down to 1 rather than 2. Uh, but yeah, 75 minutes at 9:00 a.m. was uh a little bit shocking. Let's go take a look and see what the post wait time is and take a look at the queue. And then we've got a bit of a surprise for you happening on the other side of things. I don't know if you can see that. We're going to talk about that in just a minute. There's a bit of a scene developing here at the entrance. There's I think that's the Yeah, standby is sticking out of the threshold here. I can see from here it's 75 minutes. The back of the queue is coming out. Not a good look. That's only okay if they're not into the bonus queue, the extended queue. If they are into an extended queue and you see this, that is absolutely a nogo. Stay away, especially if there's any kind of lightning lane happening. But there isn't. Most likely this is though because there's been there was a rush. There was a a flex of crowds coming into Lightning Lane, but let's go check take a look at the uh the queue proper, which is obviously dense and full. I can see it from here. >> Yeah, that queue is not moving. They're pretty still, dense. Uh kind of kind of posted. Not a good look. Also, not a good look. Oh my god. Wow. They're using all of it. They're using every bit of available queue right now for Mission Breakout. There is no more queue, you guys. Uh any more queue, and this is why it's poking out of the threshold. The only remaining queue is out here in the common area out there. Uh there's no they can't build any more queue out here. They're using all of it inside. This is nasty, nasty business out here at Mission Breakout. We are two for two so far on signs of this being a a a bonkers day. 60 minutes posted at Monsters Inc. and 75 and these guys right here. Hi guys. Uh 75 minutes and what looks to be all of that 75 minutes right now at Mission Breakout. And here we go. The queue is now backing up out into the street. There's no place else for them to put this queue. So they're going to run it down here and then it's going to go down the street this way. And then, you know, like on a rope drop, it's going to go down. I don't think it's going to get that far, but that's all they have left is is out here in the streets. Now, this is this is the situation over here that we've been tracking for months. Uh that's the old Tower of Terror, Fastpass kiosk. Uh it hasn't been a Fastpass station since it was Tower of Terror. No, maybe it was. Yeah, the Mission Breakout was using the term one point. I take that back, but it's been a long time since they used it since co. So, uh, they it's been a waste of space and they finally did something with it. They've turned this into a a a well, I don't want to call it table seating cuz then you're not served out here, but it's a it's a great it's a great addition, a great use of the space. You've got all you got 35 40 tables back here. Most of it covered. These ones here right on the rail are not. But, uh, this thing right here provides shade going in that direction. Plus, there's a bunch of umbrellas out there. So, hopefully you have a good opportunity to get some cover out here. This is very much needed. very welld deserved. How's it going? And it's an absolute positive, you know, positive change in terms of the space because this was just empty. There was people kind of just crashed here, but there was, you know, they just turned into a place to to crash for a couple minutes while they're waiting for whatever. Uh, but it is now a proper seating area, and I'm absolutely thrilled for that. Hi, guys. >> Hi. >> Because there's simply not enough of it here. There's no indoor seating at uh or indoor seating, you know, at at Pimp Test Kitchen. There is it's kind of covered like this is, but uh some of it is exposed. Some of it is in the sun. There is seating, but you know, it gets hot and they try to grow food out here, you know. We'll show that in a minute. And they took out the seating. It was over here at uh uh at the Hyperion, too. And before we leave the scene here at Mission Breakout, look at this. I just turned around and happened and you know, I wanted to check in the time. It went up another 15 minutes. I said it's at 90 minutes. I said before it's all that 75 minutes that you know it's shocking because you would think 75. No, there's no way. No, it is 75 minutes. Now they're calling it more. It could be even up to 90. Wonder what the Black Panther thinks about that. What do you think Black Panther about a 90minute wait at Mission Breakout? >> Well, this is surprising also. Wow. Uh they've got Red Guardian out also. Oh, hey. >> Somebody yell thunderbolts at him. He'll go crazy. He loves being a Thunderbolt. Uh, I have not seen Red Guardian out here since the Thunderbolts movie came out. Uh, that's cool that they're a lot of characters out. They got Black Panther out here. There's uh Ant-Man and the Wasp. The Dormal are out here. This is happening. What's going on? What's happening here at Avengers Campus? They woke up. Avengers camp has woke up. This is so so shocking. What's going on today? Are they ready to Are maybe they're Maybe Disney's like, "You know what? Spring is here. The crowds are perking up. We got to entertain these people. Entertain us. We need to be entertained. We need to say hi to the Black Black Panther here. Wakanda forever, man. Don't." Yeah. >> See what Bib Desk looks like at 12:23. As I often say, it is high time for a little bit of Oh my god. Wow. It is prime time for lunch. Get yourself a mobile order. Fresh baked. Oh my goodness. That is 50 people in that queue. Hi. That's a lot a lot of people for for pimp test kitchen. It isn't usually this busy at all. And Disney is definitely feeling themselves so far today. I mean, we're we're pretty early on in the show, but my goodness, 60 minutes of monsters, 90 admission breakout, characters everywhere, the dormal out here. People are just filling up the plaza, the common area out here. This is quite a scene. Is this Hello. Now, is this all spring breakers or is this uh is this the discounted ticket or is it a combination of both of those? I don't know. >> It's got to be those things though, right? Or well, maybe not or in addition to people just like going to Disney. As much as they people want it not to happen, as much as there are YouTube channels who know who you are, as much as there are vloggers out there and people on social media say Disney's dying, I see it in my comment section. They're watching our videos. Perhaps the most positive Disney channel out there. They're commenting on our videos. Nobody wants to go to Disneyland anymore. Disneyland sucks. It's dead because people can't afford it. I beg to differ, man. This scene is telling me something completely different. I hope you're watching other channels out there who uh are negative towards Disney on a regular basis. I hope you're watching Fresh Baked and I can show you how wonderful this scene is right now. This is incredible. This is DCA, too, guys. This isn't even Disneyland. No, we've made our way to webser next in uh 60 minutes posted and it's all of that. There's there's uh hardly any wasted space in that queue that I'm looking at right now. They've filled up all the bullpens. A lot of these sections can be turned on and off. Everything is on right now that I'm looking at. My goodness. I mean, it looks like that's moving okay right there. That's not bad. That's decent pace. Uh but yeah, they're posted here now. When we get to that point, they are in the blue bullpen. I can see people coming out of there. So, they are in the blue bullpin. And then this group of guests right here, the these guys look like they've been here for a little while. They look like they've uh they're nearing their their odyssey towards meeting Spider-Man. This is this is a very packed I'm not sure if this is even 60 minutes. Hi guys. Hi guys. Uh I'm not sure if this is if this might be more than 60 minutes. I would ask them. I was going to ask them, but they just left us. So now I can't find out how long they've been in the queue. By the way, uh Lightning Lane is not doing standby any favors right now either. The light is Oh my god. What is happening? Yeah, man. It's sticking out. Hi, guys. Hi. It's sticking out of the out of the threshold there, too. Anytime you see, guys, by the way, anytime you see Lightning Lane out here, just skip it. Just skip it. If you see Oh, yeah. Let's peek over the hedge here. If you see a Lightning Lane queue that looks like that when you get here and you want to go standby, just go ahead and not. Okay. just go ahead and not there's that age-old question. Hi guys. Uh that age old question. If not that then what what do you do? It's not like there's another dozen attractions out here in the near in in the area like there is at Disneyland where there are options galore. There are so many rides at Disneyland. And still I I I've said this before. I did a whole video on this. I can't I don't know how they get away with charging the same price for this park as they do for Disneyland considering how much more value you get at Disneyland. You can easily shift and pivot at Disneyland. It is It is not easy to pivot at DCA. Not easy at all. My Spidey senses are telling me that there's no Spider-Man out right now. Yeah. And it looks like they are. Oh, I think it's getting close. That's a pretty uh good sized lineup there for the Spider-Man stunt show. >> Should we Should we pull over for a minute and watch that? It's rhetorical. Of course, you're not in charge. I am. >> We got to pull over. That's what I'm saying. Maybe. Maybe because uh it's 12:31 and he's supposed to have uh come out at 12:30. So I wonder but they haven't said normally they would if they're not going to do a show they would say move along but we're not getting to move along. Oh, there he is. >> Hello. >> Hello. >> What? No, don't say hello on a comp. Say go or something cool. Are you just getting to do upgrades to the suit? >> Oh, hey, Mrs. Dor. I mean go. Uh, I mean uh yes. >> Well, be sure you calibrate the stabilizers. I don't want to scrape a spider off a wall. And hey, have fun. >> You got it, Mrs. Stark. Go. I I mean, stop. >> Unbelievable. >> Anyway, be careful. >> Oh, he worries. Hey, everyone, watch this. >> Got to disconnect real quick and he's going to come out the other side. Do a little parkour. >> Hey, what's up everyone? Looking good down there. I love this view. Hey everyone, welcome to Avengers. Whoa, that's a whole size pretzel. Okay, it's time to see what this soup can do. Nope. >> Yeah. Yay. Yay. Well done. >> All right. We were supposed to cheer. Nobody cheered. Okay. >> Yeah. Good. >> Oh, that's a lot of parkour. >> What? >> Oh, no. Not fighting bad guys today. Testing some new tech in the suit for Mr. Stark. >> Watch this move. >> Oh, yeah. >> All done. >> Yeah. Now that's an amazing Spider-Man. Okay, I need to test this new web fluid. Here we go. No, no, no help. >> Oh, that's new. Whoops. Hang on. >> This is new. >> That was less amazing than I planned. >> Okay, Sharon. Let's do the first test of the day. >> Sounds good. I'll lock the data with previous tests. Good luck, Spider-Man. >> I don't need luck, Sharon. >> Our previous test results do suggest otherwise, Spider-Man. >> Huh? Huh? Always joking. Sharon, I hope this works. Of course, it'll work. >> It'll work, right? Time for the field testing. Here comes something. >> Great job, Spider-Man. Great job. >> I'm good. I'm good. >> That was less amazing than I planned. Sharon, did you get that? >> I got the data. >> Okay, crash test. Check. Hang on. I'll be right down. I bet this looks cool. Oh yeah, good job. Spider-Man is awesome. Spider-Man is awesome. Going. All right. Where are we going? We're going to Cars. Oh, you know, before we go to Cars Land, we're going to pivot. I mentioned that we got some food and wine, uh, I stopped at Smokeers Grill for one of the new food and wine festival items here, the pizza slider. Let's go. In a shocking development, I continued to eat as much of the Food and Wine Festival food as possible. We ate everything served at the marketplace kiosks in our first video of the season, the food and wine season. We're back here for State of DCA. And I'm like, got to pick up right where we left off and we're going to try another food and wine festival item. an item that when I observed it on the foodie guide, I'm like, ah, e, you know, it's the pizza slider at a smoked chipper grill, and it is a slider with two beef patties uh with mozzarella cheese, fried pepperoni, bell peppers, and onions. They Well, I'll get to that. Sauteed mushrooms and marinara sauce served on a bio bun garnished with peppercini. I was hesitant of getting this because I don't like marinara as a condiment. I like it on my, you know, pasta obviously and on pizza, but that's about it. I don't like dipping things in marinara and uh I don't know that I've ever even tried it on a on a any kind of burger type situation before. So, I was a little hesitant there, but I think they had me at fried pepperoni. I really I don't even know if I like that or not, fried pepperoni. But, uh I want to know what it's like. I need to know. This is that pizza slider and uh it's $8.99. So I I saw when I saw the price I'm like, "Okay, so this is not a a fulls size burger." Obviously, and the name slider also tends to suggest that it's not a fulls size burger. So prepare for that, I guess, is what I'm saying. Get your mind right that you're not going to get a mealsiz sandwich here, which is why I also ordered the fried pickles. still uh protesting uh any place or you know I'm eating only at places where I can get something besides fries. That's going on strong. Still upset about the fry situation. That's why I got fried pickles today. Uh that looks like quite a mess and I'm hoping I can There's not It's not very well organized. As you can see, the first bite I'm going to get looks to be all fried pepperoni and if I want to get any cheese I got to come over here on this side. It's dripping all over the place. And there's also already some uh collateral damage that's happening down here. All kinds of stuff has separated itself from my slider. That's okay. I'm hungry enough to get into this. Uh I think I'm going to start on the cheese side actually, which I only got a little bit of. I'll start with the slider patty. Standard. Uh, a little maybe a little overcooked, but I mean, what are you g what do you expect when you're at, you know, a fast food joint here at the park? Uh, the cheese was actually a pretty decent addition to a a a burger situation. Didn't get any of the fried pepperoni. Let's try that again. That's not bad. The fried pepperoni, it's very light. Uh, so, you know, it kind of sort of mixes in with the bite pretty easily. I dig it. That ain't bad. Oh, here we go. Sauce, cheese, pepper, honey. We got a bite. Oh, pepper. There's pepper there. Also, there are mushrooms. Well, there was one so far, which I found languishing at the bottom of my plate. I don't know if there's going to be any more in here, but that looks like a good bite. In general, I'm not opposed to this. It's It's a It's a decent tasting thing. I like all the components that that are comprised of this little pizza slider. Um, everything works together more or less, but I still I'm a little I'm a little not sold on marinara as a condiment in the sandwich. It's not terrible. It's not bad, but I I just feel like it it doesn't really change the experience for me for the better. I don't feel like I've had an incredible eye openening experience by having marinara on my sandwich. And really, isn't that the goal when you eat food at a theme park, especially at Disney? Isn't that Isn't that the expectation that your world should be rocked? I'm kidding. Of course, I have pretty low expectations typically when it comes to food. So, it's not that bad. Uh, all in all, I would give this sandwich maybe, you know, three and a half out of five. Maybe four, I guess. I don't know. It's not bad. Let's find out if it's better with a fried pickle. And indeed, I can't confirm. Everything is better with a fried pickle. Let's try this again. One more time. At $8.99, a decent value. I guess it's like almost half the price of a fulls size burger. A typical burger is going to be 15, 14, $15.99. So, you're getting pretty close to being half the price. Um, and it's doing a fair job of filling me up, especially in conjunction with those uh fried pickles, which will fill me up by the time I'm done. Not bad at all. Let's get back to work. Did you guys watch our food and wine festival featuring Don from Opan Disney? Did you see this? Eat all the food. We got in this queue. We got in this queue to get the the mubi and the cherry cobbler. They were both delicious. Uh, and I also got the tiki spritz. I did not enjoy that, but I did get that. Oh, there's a mojito, you know. Uh, that's one I didn't get, but I don't think I want to get that right now. We were here also at LA style and we got the junior LA street dog and the carbonara picetta and the cherry cola coldra. I'm telling you, we got everything. We did it all. All the food and some most most of the drinks. I think most of the drinks. We didn't get that mojito. Uh, but man, it's busy right there. I don't know if I want to get into that queue right now. And I'm not sure if I want to be drinking at this moment. So, uh, yeah, we got to go to our next stop here. We're going to Cars Land. And Cars Land looks no less busy than the rest of DCA so far here on Route 66. When I was here this morning, another surprising queue that I found was Mater. OM goodness. I was going to say the Mater's queue was about 2530 minutes at 9:30. It is 12:38, so it should be busy year, but have we ever in our life fresh seen a queue outside the threshold? They're calling it 20, but I've never seen a queue out here in the street. I'm in the queue right now. I'm the back of the queue. Now, having said that, I have seen a situation where it wasn't out here, but it was in the chains right here. They had grown the queue, and they might have to do that soon. They grew the queue in here. Now that's shocking, but it's still worth it. As long as they're running both sides. As long as they're running both sides, you're fine. That this it's not 20. Well, it might be 20. This is the kind of queue normally they would mark as 30 or 35, which she'll probably do before we leave this queue is my guess. Uh but this is a a very uh a very robust queue. And sure enough, they did bump it up to 25. I thought they might take it to 30, but they did take it up to 25. I I still It might still be that it might still be 25 minutes. Meanwhile, Route 66. My goodness. Wow. Wow. Wow. I'm trying to I'm trying to go left. I can't go left. There we go. There's the back of the queue to meet M or Mater right there. It's all the way to the end of the Cozy Cone little area here. That's impressive. Not a lot of action here in the churro queue. I am looking for something sweet also today. Possibly I might Oh my goodness. Well, this is the back of the queue for the conc uh for mobile order pickup. Guys, I can't believe I'm saying this. Maybe you don't mobile order here. Maybe you do do this and then and then you could just walk right up to the window. That's a walk up right now. >> Yeah, that dude. This is all mobile order. >> Incredible. They they've they have they've they've neutered they've neutered mobile or uh or uh pickup. Yeah, they've mobile order here. There's a short there's three or four guests. Oh, no. There's a decent queue there for pickup. But again, this long queue right here is also mobile order. Wow. Now, this queue right here, it looks bad, but it goes quick. It goes pretty quick cuz they they all they have to do is take your order. They don't have to serve you, right? So, while if this were like uh you know, Bangle Barbecue or whatever, they would take your order and then they would give you your food all in the same process or like it is at most other quick service locations. But they have they have effectively neutered uh uh mobile order here. You know, it's weird is I've never really noticed that before. I come through all the time and look at things and I I have said in the past, yeah, maybe you it's probably just no big deal uh you know going after the walk up there. But that's the most visual that I've ever seen that scenario and it's taken what a year uh for that to you know become more more visually apparent. But that's a very clear sign right there that uh standby and using that p you know the uh the ordering uh kiosk there as as a way to go. Now look at this. Look at that. Once again we are out the threshold. We have broken containment at Flo's V8 Cafe. The back of the queue. I'm in it right now. That's the back of Flo's. Uh, wow. So, you're looking at about 45 minutes here. 45 minutes. So, of course, what am I going to do? I'm going to uh I'm going to take a look at what uh mobile order is right now. It's the exact opposite of the conversation we just had. I'm looking at the Flows VA cafe right now. uh the mobile order. It says 35 minutes. We can do let's do that test. Let's just see how effective this is now. Uh we're going to get uh let's see what's a bottle of water. There we go. I'll cancel this order later, but I don't want to get in anybody's way. Uh okay, so a bottle of water. Uh okay, now that says 120. The ra time was 35 minutes. That's actually 34. We're going to go change arrival. Uh, and then we're going to back it up. It's hard to do one-handed. Let's see how effective this is. So far, no luck. It's going up. Don't fear. I know it looks bad when it goes up like that. Don't fear. It can go up and it can go down. We've been rolling now for what, a minute and a half on this segment. And now that took I know it looked bad for a minute there. That bear now at 2 minutes and 15 seconds to started rolling. We got that down to 100 p.m. We could probably do better than that still if I tried harder, but I I'll be able to sign in in 7 minutes. So, that took us a couple minutes to save 20. We didn't get all the way down to now, although in most cases, usually you can. Uh, but the closer you get to like your actual arrival time, the harder it is to get that last couple of minutes sometimes. So, uh, but yeah, you you save 20 minutes just there just by being just a little bit diligent, you know? Uh, and you get your food 7 minutes or no, 20 minutes earlier. That's great. Meanwhile, back on Route 66. It is still very busy, obviously. People are enjoying themselves out here for sure. Let's go check in on Luigi's. As I mentioned, I was pretty shocked at the queue I found this morning when I was doing our acoustic video. It was posted at 30 and the back of the queue was outside the threshold and still posted at 30 as we approach, but they're inside the threshold. So, that's good. That's a good start. You want to be You want to be inside that threshold. That's like I don't know. That's like for me the the most I'm willing to tolerate for this for this particular attraction. We'll see if we're inside the door. The door is about uh 20 minutes typically. >> But even if you do choose to wait in this queue, it's a fine queue. It's not boring like Monsters Inc. It's enjoyable. Yeah. So, the back of the queue is at the door. So, that's probably closer to 20 minutes right there. So, that's Luigi's. We will exit and head next to Raider Springs Racers where I'm expecting obviously something nuts. That looks pretty packed right there, does it not? Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Let's cut through uh the Lubarama here. >> Oh man. >> I'm looking uh I'm looking at the back of the Lightning Link queue. It's only backed up because they're scanning. It's not backed up because the queue is that actually that long. But standby looks nasty. They've got it now at 75. >> Standby is nasty. >> You were just helping. >> Yeah. And then we're That's it right here. So, uh, good luck. I actually got in this queue last time, right? I got in Lightning Lane. I mean, a single rider. We got in this queue. We rode in like I don't know. We were done in 5 or 10 minutes. I think we're at the queue five or at the car in five or 10 minutes. >> Yeah. Lightning Lane though uh is really busy. Standby is really busy. This is another no-go. So, what else? I guess you have to go back to Luigi's, don't you? That's what I would do here. If if come that's a good strategy while we're on the topic of Cars Land is to go straight get, you know, go down 366 to head straight to Raider Springs Racers. If you're trying to do standby, if you're trying to do all three attractions, go straight to Raider Springs Racers, give it a, you know, give it a vibe check. Figure out if that's a queue you want to get into a go, no go. If it's a no, then you jump into Luigi's, come back, check out Raider Springs Racers again. If it's still a no, then you go down to Mater's Junky Gear Jamberee. Then you come back here and you get in whatever queue is there. I guess you get whatever's left left. Uh, often is the case. uh the the logic that I apply to these go no-go situations is uh you know the no- goes are on the ext on the high end the extremes of this of the possibility scale right and you know and it's all relative to the type of situation you're in that day you know if it's spring break hi guys uh if it's in the morning the afternoon the evening if it's a weekend or a holiday or whatever right taking all that into account uh but usually there's going to be a limit And it's not going to get worse. I guess that's the bottom line of what I'm saying. TLDDR. Typically, when I see a no-go, I'm like, my thinking is, well, it can't get worse than this, but it could get better. So, I'm going to try to stall. I'm going to stay in the area. I'm going try to stall and hope things get better. I mean, there is still a chance, obviously, that it could not get better, but it's probably uh not going to get worse. Or I should say, that's what I meant to say. There is a chance that it could get worse, but it's far it's far less likely. It's more likely that it'll get better than it is that it'll get worse. I hope that made sense. I was just going to say, did they take >> Hi guys. Uh I was just going to ask, did they take the San Francisco square? There used to be a sign right here. Uh but I found it. They just moved it. Oh, look at that. They put a little healthy reminder over here. Friendly reminder to uh make use of mobile order. I was just saying use it here at San Francio Square. Definitely use it at Flo's VA cafe, but don't use it at the cozy cones. Ah, there we go. Hi, this is Hero and Baymax >> making friends. And if you get in this queue for Cosina, you're going to make friends because you're going to be in there for a while. My goodness. I've already done my my uh mobile order proof of concept clip, but I would do it again here. Right now, Cosina is a 55. Oh, hi. It's the Jaminators. What's up, guys? Hello, Jaminators. Uh, Cosina is 55 minutes. So, that this would be an ex This would have been an excellent test case as well. But you can get that 55 down for sure. I have I've done that many times. I've gotten an hour down to now. Uh, but that is a very very robust queue. And actually, they're out here in wild space now. Definitely a busy scene out here in San Fran, Tokyo. And man, does it smell good. I almost kind of regret getting that uh that lunch over there at Smoke Jippers Grill. There's so much good smelling food here, but there's not a lot of food and wine food here, I don't think. So, I got to stick with the food and wine theme. Let's go check out Lucky Fortune cookery next. Yeah, that's got to be 20 30 guests in the queue there. Not a lot of waiting over here in Lightning Lane. So, get yourself some Lightning Lane over here. Definitely at San Fran Tokyo. I've not been thrilled with the food at San Fran Tokyo of late. I've got to find it. We got to find me another reason to get in there. Let's go check out Antcast Cafe next. This is where we pick up our mobile orders, obvious. Oh. Oh, okay. There's some folks who have taken my advice. Pardon me, guys. Sorry. Uh, not too bad. This is maybe, you know, a little bit lighter than what we just saw at San Francisco Tokyo. Uh, it's not at the door or anything. It's just, you know, that's probably 10 or 15 minutes. But there is a queue. It's wild. I don't think I've ever come in here to Ancast specifically and seen a queue like this for mobile order pickups. intensities. And there you go, guys. San Fran, Tokyo. What a scene here, man. What a scene. I was just walking by here thinking about how good a a margarita sounds right about now. They're not the greatest margaritas. I I've had better, but they sure do look refreshing. But we got to stick to this mobile order campaign right now. I'm sorry, not mobile order. We got to stick to the food and wine festival campaign. Uh I gota I got to hold out try to find another We just passed two more. Maybe I should go look over there. My goodness. It has just been non-stop though. Everywhere we look, everywhere we look, it's busier. Cues are longer. Crowds are thicker than we've seen in recent times. It's been I mean it been since a little bit. This is like pre Christmas crowds. These are November, December crowds. Well, we found it. I did find one over there in one of those kiosks. Let's get straightened out. This is the tropical chamoy michelada. Now, I I'm don't usually drink micheladas, but this one is tropical, which, you know, that sounds great. It's like strawberry puree and the chamoy, obviously, which, you know, I'll take anything with that chamoy on the rim. Cheers, fresh bake. They are right. >> That is both a michelada and tropical. That's pretty darn good. I kind of regret not getting this the other night cuz I got the same drink twice on Friday. >> Hey guys, how are you? You get the same. >> Uh, I kind of got the same drink twice. I got I got the guava cocktail that was non-alcoholic and then I got the al alcoholic version. Anyway, I should have got this instead. This is great. Let's go to picture up here >> where I expect our story to continue of a very busy day. I saw a very busy queue at Incredic Coaster this morning when I went through here at about see that would have been about 9:45 or so. 9:30 9:45 there was already a huge queue for a single rider and everything. Impressive. >> Looks like a pretty good crowd down there making their way up the pier. >> Here comes the Incredic Coaster. >> 4 3 2 1 go. >> All right. Will it go? Uh or let's go. Uh there's the back of a credit coaster single rider. That's impressive. >> I'm not sure I would get in that queue. Single Rider is not that efficient here at Incred Coaster. I've had that conversation before, although I think it probably can beat this queue. But there are definitely cues where I feel like standby is the winner, but they're a little bit Oh, actually, that's not too bad. That's They're barely in the ropes here. >> Yeah, this Q is sneaking right in right now. They're making that left turn quick. That's moving pretty good right there. That's moving pretty good right there. Guests moving up there. Guests are moving everywhere. That's going to be quick. This looks bad, but I'll bet you anything that's done in 30 minutes. Matter of fact, we could even try to uh clock this queue. We'll go do some recon over at Toy Story, which we got to talk about anyway. Uh we'll check and then we'll come back and check on this queue later. By the way, if I had to guess before we get to Toy Story, I would say that this single rider queue is probably 20 or 25 minutes. Uh the fact that they're sitting on the ground again, that doesn't look great. A credit coaster is just not that efficient. I mean, it's you again, in most cases or in many cases, you're going to beat standby, but it's not the huge savings that you think it might be. I think I prefer to go standby in most cases. I remember a while back, like almost a year ago, Liz and I for uh we had our anniversary at Lamplight Lounge, we said, "You know what? Let's race. We're going to race Saurin single rider vers standby." And then we're going to race Incredic Coaster Single Rider verse standby. She went single rider uh on Saurin. Kicked my ass cuz I maintained that the SOA single rider is not that great either, but she kicked my ass. She could have gone twice, but then but then they closed they closed the credit coaster on it and we have never had a chance to do that again. It's been almost a year and we have never had a chance to do that race again. We've been at the park at the same time but doing other things where we couldn't do the race. We have a plan. Oo, that's a good idea. We're planning another in April, another hotel stay here nearby. Uh we've been invited to stay at the I forget the name of it now, but we're going to do another hotel stay in April. So maybe we'll make that happen that night. Meanwhile, there's Mr. Potato Head talking about monkeys and a barrel of them and how much fun they are. 45 minutes posted right now for Toy Story. That is probably fairly accurate. This is a goodiz queue out here. Very full, very stuck. Not a lot of movement there. I don't like to see that. The uh Lightning Lane Q is growing just a little bit, but this is this looks like it could be most of that 45 minutes. Now, there's a reverb coming up April 6th. Toy Story Midway Mania is going down for a reverb. Now, we don't know for how long. The fact that uh you know, usually usually the length of the closure kind of gives you an indication of what the scope and scale is, but it's too soon. Uh April 6th is too far out, so there's no clear idea really what the reopening date is. Disney hasn't said. >> Hi guys. Uh but because the calendar could only go 45 days into the future. So right now I don't even know what the date is, but it's probably 5 or 10 days into the future after that after that closure date. So uh too early to say what the scale is. The the word is that what my understanding is that it's going to be a lot of paint polish. Um, they're going to be I know there's permits filed to update some of the some of the projections that are happening inside the ride, but there is possible speculation that because there's a there's a new skin on here right now on Toy Story, a skin that is for the 7th anniversary, and they put they put 70th anniversary targets in the ride. Uh, and they changed the point values and everything. So, there's a possibility they might be taking that out considering the 70th is over in August. they might be getting a head start on that. If they're not doing that now, then they may have to close the ride again leading up, you know, in September or something like that to do that. But it's possible. It makes sense. I mean, I don't think anybody's going to miss it. They're not going to like, where's my 70th skin? So, it's possible they could be doing that. Uh, there's also speculation that they might be adding references to Toy Story 5, which is coming out soon to the theaters. They might do a little They might want to do some uh what do they call that? Synergy. Now, this I'm I'm a little less positive. I'm pretty positive actually that it's not going to happen. Mostly because we're not getting similar closures for Florida or and I forget where else they have it. Uh I want to say Hong Kong where they have also Toy Story. the the Toy Story Midway Mania at Hollywood Studios is not closing, but that you would think if they're going to do a a reskin for this for the fifth for the for the fifth film, they would do it everywhere, not just here. So, I think there's probably a good chance that's not happening. They they will eventually do it, though, just like they did here. They've incorporated, you know, scenes from other uh from the future versions. >> Perhaps Forky in here. Maybe they haven't done the fourth, but anyway, they might still, but that will probably happen later on after the fact. And before we leave here, I will say that the situation has not improved here at Toy Story. Uh, it is still uh pretty packed in there. It's getting denser and denser. We're going to come down here and go check out Pixar Palaran. We're going to come back. It has been 10 11 minutes since we started the clock. Hi guys. uh since we started the clock at Incredic Coaster. So hopefully we can get back there in time to see what's going on. Uh we'll do a quick check of things here at Pixar Pal. And OMG, look at this you guys. This is the longest queue I've seen at Midway main or midway at Pixar Palound in months. Easily months. I didn't even see this during the Christmas holiday. Obviously, it's, you know, all up and down. You see it come up this ramp right here. That is never a good sign. This is a posted 45 minute wait, which uh I would agree that's you're looking at close to 45 minutes here. You'll do well to get under that. And if you do get under that, it won't be by much. They're calling the swinging gondilas 30 minutes, which is wild. But it makes sense considering because they're more popular. I mean, and the queue is longer, but because they they run a third more swinging gondilas here than they do for the non-swinging. So, they can there's obviously more capacity that they can fulfill here. So, they can they can fit the same size queue in 15 minutes less. 30 minutes for swinging gondilas. That it has been now almost 15 minutes and we're back to credit coaster to check in. see if we can't find the back of those cues that we uh marked before we left. It's going to be tricky cuz they're going to be in areas that we can't see probably. One thing that I can observe is things have gotten significantly better. This is all gone. The the back of the queue down there is gone. The back of the queue is actually almost to the uh proper area here, not in the bonus section down there. So, my guess is I might actually even be too late to find either the back of standby or the back of single rider. They may have been so efficient that they've gotten through both cues already. I I don't see I don't see the back of the queue anywhere in here. Okay, check that. I have found the back of the single rider queue. The back of the single rider queue is right here. So, they've gone down the ramp and inside there. So, they still got a ways to go. Where then is standby? And we have found the back of standby. That is right there. So, they've got to make that U-turn. come back up and then they're up the ramp there. They're actually about Let's see where we're at now. We are at 18 minutes, right? 18 minutes. They've got Is that guy waving at me? Yes, he is. Okay, he's waving at me. Hi guys. They've got about maybe seven or eight minutes to go. Okay. Oh, there goes Single Rider just shifted. They just sent another batch of Single Rider. Boy, this is going to be close, you guys. This is going to be very close. 18 minutes. We're definitely ahead of the posted. I say I say these guys got 10 minutes to go if that. Uh the back of the cube for standby. They've got just two more two more switchbacks in the bridge and over the case. That's about 10 minutes is my guess. I'm not sure how long uh single rider has. I'm just going to stand by and watch this because it's fascinating. Since my last update, which is about I don't know two or 3 minutes ago, maybe four, single rider has not moved. Single rider has not moved, but standby has made its way up this this one switch back here. They've turned the corner and standby is now going up its last switch back before it goes upstairs. This is going to be very very close. I think I think this is going to be close. Fascinating. Fascinating, you guys. This is crazy. There it goes. Standby is going up the stairs. Are they going? Standby is going up the stairs and single rider has still not moved. And I can tell that uh the guests that are in Single Rider are getting a little bit miffed. They're getting a little bit steamed that things are going nowhere for Single Rider. I'm telling you guys, Single Rider is not that big a deal at Incred Coaster. We're We're proving it right now. Ah, there they go. They're finally moving. Single Rider finally started moving. Are they going to make this elevator? I don't know. We're at 23 minutes now. Sner's been in this queue for 23 minutes and uh there's they've still got they might have two more two more shifts to get into that elevator. Meanwhile, the back of the queue is now standby has now gone up the stairs. They've made their left. I mean, it's just minutes. Standby is just minutes away from getting into their vehicle. Meanwhile, my view of all this is getting worse and worse because single rider the queue keeps getting longer and longer. I was I started down here. I started down here. That's because the back of the queue was up there and it just they're not going anywhere. So the queue is getting bigger and bigger and I have to keep moving further away and people keep asking me if I'm in the queue and I am not. So I have to get out of the way. Uh so my my spot, you know, I'm drifting further away from my view. And now I don't know where I I don't know where uh standby went. Let's see. I think they were on the inner one. So they be coming down that near stair. They just sent another batch into the elevator there for single rider. The the back of the single rider queue that we're watching has not yet made that elevator yet. They've got they'll probably get into the next elevator. And now the good news for them is that they go up and they immediately go back down again. So they don't have to wait in a queue up there. They come right down the other side. And I'm not seeing I don't see a group waiting. There's usually a group down there waiting uh to get sorted in. So, uh, they they'll have a pretty good a pretty quick sort once they get into their elevator. But, can they beat standby, which should be coming down the stairs now at any minute? Let's see. It is now been It is now 25 and a half. There they go. That's standby right there. Standby's coming down the It's done. It's over. It's over. There's no chance. They have no chance now. There they go. He's in. Yeah, they're in the There it is. They're in their slot. They're in the next car. They're in the next car. Meanwhile, I don't know if you can see that cuz I've got the thing zoomed in. Meanwhile, they're still waiting for the elevator. It's over. It's done. We'll wait. I'll wait. But I mean, it's just a mere formality. We're going to watch them get into their vehicle and maybe I see how much longer it takes. Okay, they just sent that batch in. Are they going to make that elevator? I don't know. There goes the back of the queue into that group that will hopefully be getting into that elevator for single rider. Sorry, I keep losing my center. Waiting waiting for the door to open. Door to open. And there's standby. Standby. Right. Yep. They're getting in. Okay. Standby is getting into their standby is getting into their vehicle. They are about to go on the Incredic Coaster and we're still waiting for the elevator to open. There they go. Single rider just got in there. Uh so it's going to be about uh they they first of all the fact that it's a victory of any kind. The fact that they simply beat Singer Rider is something to to celebrate. Hey guys, how are you? That's something to observe. Uh because I would have I would have called a victory if we even lost. I would have said, "Hey, if we even if we even lose by maybe 5 or 10 minutes, I'm still getting in standby or maybe 5 minutes." Okay. Uh, sorry, I am not centered. But the fact that we actually beat them and uh it it's it's we're at it's about it's going to wind up being about 4 minutes, most likely 4 minutes, maybe five, that standby will have beaten. Standby got into their vehicle 5 minutes faster than Single Rider did. And by the way, that was not a short queue, right? I cuz I it was up here on the on the pier. The back of the queue was right there at the pier before they made that left in. They went through the ropes. It's not like they had a short queue to get into. They had a proper queue. Single rider at Incred Coaster is not all that. It is not all that. I may I may wind up doing a more formal video. Maybe we'll put that on presents. Maybe we'll put that Oh, not presents, but tours. Maybe we'll Maybe we'll put that on memberships. I don't know. But there's there's that's something. Okay, I guess. Oh, that's right. We don't have to do Look at that. 55 minutes, by the way. That's gotten worse. I was going to check in on that and it's gotten worse. It's now at 55. Yeah, we don't have to do Pixar power run. We've already did that. So, uh, let me talk to you guys about Adam the Woo. I mean, it's been a while. It's been a couple months now since he passed and we've talked about it from time to time, but it's fresh in my mind again because uh this past weekend on Sunday, yesterday actually we attended his uh celebration of life here uh in Orange County. You know, there was a service that we went to in Florida. That was lovely. That was great. Really enjoyed that. Got to hang out with all of our friends and and you know, think and remember Adam in a wonderful way. But then we had the celebration of life here in Garden Grove at the Garden Amp on Sunday and it was just it was wonderful. It was so wonderful. Uh that was a really really nice tribute and I hope you guys catch the live stream. Uh but it's been reposted. There's the live stream and then uh it's posted. It's on his father's channel which is uh JWW on the Move I think it's called. You won't have any trouble finding it. Just search out in the Woo and it'll be at the top of all your searches uh to check out that live that live stream. But uh it was God, it's just incredible, you know, how he touched so many of our lives and how he impacted so many of us. And the things that people were saying just really inspired me because, you know, the thing that I that I remember him most about is just how much he loved the YouTube community and how much he participated in it. you guys. He collaborated with with so many so many YouTubers out there and it's just it's mindboggling to to think about, you know, they talk about the coaching tree in sports, you know, the Bellichic coaching tree or whatever, you know, uh all the, you know, the big coaches who have people assistants that work under they become coaches. Adam Woo has a YouTuber tree that is just the biggest damn thing you've ever seen in your life. And there was uh 600 people. They sold out the the the little the garden amp completely. There were people waiting outside just waiting to sort of, you know, catch catch the uh the air of it and it was incredible and I was so honored and thrilled to be part of that. Uh I got to edit one of the videos that they showed that that that first 5-minute segment that they showed at the beginning of the live stream. That was mine. Uh I edited that one and um I was very honored very honored that they asked me to do that. uh because there are lots of other YouTubers that participated in Adam's life more than I did. I mean, we were friends, you know, you know, we hung out and I spent a lot of time with him, but it was more just about, you know, just, you know, me just trying to be his friend, etc., which I am the case. That's that's how I am with everybody out here, you know, like you uh uh Peter and Kitra, Miguel and Janelle, uh Chris and Amanda, Justin and Ally. Uh I we have Liz and I have made a very conscious effort to you know I just I love all of them so much and I love this community so much and it's funny because we have a better reputation for that here here in California than the Florida vloggers do as I understand it. The Florida vloggers are a little uh a little less cozy with each other I guess. I don't know how to put it. I am I have forgotten to do recon. Anyway, I just wanted to say that I was there and I was honored and it was wonderful. And I really uh want to thank uh Adam Adam's family for letting us participate in that and being a part of that and sharing that day with them. And I want to say that uh I miss you, Adam, still very much. We still watch your videos and to this day I still watch them and and and know that you've inspired me in a lot of ways. And I I've talked about here in previous shows about, you know, not necessarily contentwise, but I they have he has inspired me content wise, but otherwise they just to just participate in life more cuz uh something that uh Tom Wilson said, Tom Wilson spoke uh Biff, you know, from BTTF, Back to the Future, he spoke and one of the things he said that I that really resonated with me was that uh Adam did everything. He did everything that he wanted to do. He did everything. If he wanted to do a thing, he did it. Now, Adam is also famous in our inner circles for doing not doing the things he didn't want to do. He's famous for saying that we have a, "Yeah, I'm not doing that." That's a thing that Adam would say, "Yeah, I'm not doing that." I don't know if he ever said that very much in his videos, but he sure said it a lot with us. So, he did both. He did all the things he wanted to do, and he didn't do any of the things that he didn't want to do. And God bless him for that. Oh my god. I miss out of the booth so much. And it just, you know, but like a, you know, it's a bummer that he's gone, but I'm sure glad we had him. I'm sure glad we had him. Well, I was regailing you all with my memories of the celebration of life on Sunday without I walked right by emotional whirlwind, which is still closed. This was unscheduled. This just came through a reverb a month ago. So, it's odd that it's back, you know, uh, under the under wraps technically. that's not under any scrim because they're still working on it. Um, >> yeah, >> it is my understanding that we're still not sure what's go well I should say they don't know essentially what's going on here. They're not certain what's causing it. It just dropped. It just failed on them and they can't figure it out. So, we're standing by uh for inside out emotional warming. Luckily enough, it's not the kind of attraction that people are going to um you know, they're not going to lose their ish over it if it doesn't open up. But I mean it is a kids ride and those are useful here at Disney or at DCA. You need more kids rides. Uh but no no clue no word yet on what's happening at inside or at Yeah. Emotional Warwin. Meanwhile, Silly Symphony Swings is uh 10 minutes posted. They're down here below the stairs, which is good. That means it's a little bit busy. You don't often see it down here, but that's still not a scary queue at all. Get in this queue. Never have to really worry about ever silly symphony swings. Just get if you want to ride Silly Symphony, get in the queue. Maybe not so much jumping jellyfish which is still under scrimmage scaffold. It's open. You won't find this on the reverb calendar because they are still running that left one over here. That guy is still open as it enters our frame. And you can see a healthy queue there for jumping jellyfish. So, uh if you ever, you know, it's difficult to I mean this is not a bad queue for jellyfish uh because it's going to be running at half capacity. So, it's going to take twice as long to process that normal amount of queue or normal I guess. That is to say, this queue that we're looking at here where this is the back right there, uh, most of this would already be in that other one. There would be a very short queue here if the other one was open, I guess, is what I'm saying. There would be guests already getting into the uh getting into the jellyfish, right? And then there would be another group in the pin. So, this would all be processed already. But still, uh, that's going to take a little while because now this group has to wait. you're going to stand there for a while and they have to wait for these guys to finish and get out and then so it's a little bit of a slower a slower process when one side is down. But the reality is is that happens all the time at Jumping Jellyfish. It happens all the time that one side is down. So this is not exactly a new situation. Check in on Goopy Sky School posted 45. Let's see. That looks beefy. Oh, this is this is not bad at all. Not for 45 anyway because they're not using this pen right here. The garden looks terrible. And they look posted. They look like they're not happy about being in that queue. I'll say that. There's not a lot of movement going on here. Uh it's pretty it's actually pretty bad. But the good news is is they're not doing this. So, as 45minute cues go, it could be worse. Uh I'm looking for the back of Lightning Lane. It is down the ramp. The back of Lightning Lane is starting to come out here into the threshold into the common area. That's not a good look. So, I don't like this queue. This is a no-go for me if I if But you know, as I often say, if not this, what how many times can you ride Little Mermaid uh Silly Symphony Swings and jump a jellyfish? How many I mean, how many times can you do that? And you can't ride Inside Out emotional whirlwind cuz it's closed. Also can't ride the Golden Zephr because it's closed. It's down for refer for about uh what, like 2 weeks, I think it is. The Golden Zephr is currently unavailable. which if I'm being honest is also often the case. That is often the case that Hi guys. Hi. Uh the Golden Zepper is not available because a light breeze will take that attraction down. It cannot function in anything but the best of conditions. Meanwhile, as we make our left back into Grizzly Peak, we will note that they're co What? Okay, I did not see that. They're calling Little Mermaid 45 minutes. That's insanity. There's no chance on this earth that that is correct. So, we're going to have to go back. I had walked past it while I was shooting that uh last bit. So, I got to go show you what a 45minute queue looks like. As far as Disney is concerned, as far as Fresh Bake concern is concerned, that is almost certainly not to be the case. I mean, it does look busyish, right? But that's still, you know, we got to go see how deep it is over there under the sea. They actually do look kind of posted back here, you guys. I'm not going to lie. They don't look like they're moving too good. But nothing really kills Little Mermaid. Not even Lightning Lane. There is Lightning Lane here, but it's hardly ever a problem. It hardly ever gets in the way. Uh I would say if you're going to call it a 45minute queue, you should you should be out here. They should be out here in this overflow area. That's 45 minutes. That's going to be probably 25 or 30. Like honestly, I don't even know what a 45minute queue should look like. Little Mermaid. I don't think there ever has been one except for maybe when it when it first opened up. Do you guys remember that? I don't think I have any footage or photos. Uh but when Little Mermaid first opened 100 years ago, the queue was down there in the World of Color viewing area. It was mess. It was such a mess. I wish I don't know what happened to that. I I thought I had that, but I could not I've never been able to find any footage of that. I know I lost all my uh my super old footage that got it got purged on accident, but I I thought I made a video of that day. It should be up on the channel. Or maybe that was the old Disneyland report. Might have been. Now, here's something interesting. At Redwood Creek, they have begun some uh synergy with hoppers. I can't tell what that is. That's some kind of thing that is that is offers adjacent. And I would imagine maybe the the map thing that they do might help us more. But uh when I came through here earlier on that acoustic walkthrough of DCA this morning, which you'll find on tours departing daily, I'm in the mood for plugging things. Don't forget to uh join our freshbaker presents.com. that group also freshbaked.com is our is our website uh where we sell merch and we have also got a community there where you can participate in talking with me engaging with me but also providing I'll put I'll be putting photos up there like construction update photos and then you guys can do the same you can provide updates there and I can use those in the video sometimes uh so freshbakers.com then tours departing daily for additional footage addition you know, acoustic type stuff in the parks, ride throughs and things of that nature. The what we shot this morning will be going on that channel. Why do I sound like Adam right now? I feel like I'm channeling Adam. Here's what I'm talking about with this Hopper stuff. This guy right here. >> No, that is not Heimlick. >> That is the insect prints from Hopper. So, they've replaced or I don't know if they've replaced or added these signs. I think they've replaced them. I think this is the one that had the the footprints or the, you know, the the patterns that you could find in the cement, but now you can find these guys, these critters out and about. Waterfalls back. So, it's just a tiny little bit of synergy. I don't know. There's no frog here. This is the amphibian king sign. It's just a sign. It would be cool if they actually put a, you know, like a a critter, you know, that you could look at and see and spot rather than the sign because what's the sign do? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know why I'm beefing right now with that sign, but I am. I haven't seen Hoppers yet. Off to a pretty good start in theaters, I will say that. Uh, the $88 million start. That's not bad, you know. That's not bad. There's Tom Lizard. Well, I'm sorry. There's Tom Lizard's sign. I feel like I'm missing part of this part of this quest. I feel like I'm not fully engaged in what is what we're supposed to be doing here with this. Are we looking for signs? Is that what we're doing? Like the footprints. I get just identify the footprints. That's just a sign of Tom Lizard. There it is. >> There's a bridge right here, guys. See, now I just heard that. Did you guys hear that? I don't know if you did. >> How's it going? Thank you. Thank you. Uh, a guest asked a cast member, "Where do I find the bear trucks?" Like, that I kind of get, you know, like they're not exactly obvious. You have to look around. You have to look down and you have to sort of explore your way around. Like, could you not put a tom lizard like this guy? Make that make a tom lizard that's like that. They just made a sign. Here we go. This is a little something. This is more like what I was talking about. This is the Santa Claus meet and greet. They used to do the the up the, you know, the whatever they call the the kids ranger thing. But they've got they've got a scene here. Okay, that's something they've set that up. It's a picture spot maybe. But this is way better than just a sign that they've actually done something here. And it looks, you know, fairly complete. You know, a little river there, a little dam that he's built, the beaver, etc. I don't know. This is great. I'll take this. More like that beaver and less of those signs. That's what I'm saying. Oh, one more. There it is. The bird king, king of the birds. No actual bird, just a sign and a picture. It's not even It's not even etched or anything. It's It's a sticker. It looks like it's etched, right? But it's not. It's a sticker. >> I mean, this is a sticker. I mean, the whole thing, it's a sticker on top of a piece of faux wood. Cruising by Grizzly River Run real quick. No action here. We still don't have a date for when it's going to reopen. Uh, it may never they're just never going to open it again. This is taking longer than I thought it would. We're into March now. Last stop will be Saurin, which is now, don't forget guys, it's food and wine festival. Saurin is now over California. Huzzah. The superior version of Saurin. No doubt. Although I am very much looking forward to the new version SAR across America coming up later this year. But Saur over California today and we are at a posted Where are we? >> 65. Is that 65 or 85? Let's just go a little further and check. But I think that says 85. And by the judging, by the mood of this queue, I think I'm correct. That is deep back there. Yes, that is very deep back there. And that does say 85 minutes. And they are posted. Absolutely posted. But that is normal for Saurin depending on where you catch, you know, at what point you catch the queue because the fact that uh you have to wait for the show to finish before the queue moves again. So you'll just sit there for 5 minutes while you wait for the show to cycle and then they clear everybody out and the next group goes in. So you do a lot of standing here at SAR. One of the reasons why I don't like this attraction, but not the main reason is that I just don't like screens. >> I just don't like screens. I want to ride the ride. And I don't want them to I don't want to watch a movie. I want to go on a ride. Yes, you guys. And that's 240. And we're back. We've made the complete circle around ECA. We are back to Cara Circle at 240. What a day. That was about what was that like three just about 3 hours. That's not bad at all, guys. That's pretty quick, man. I'm happy with this. I hope you're happy too with that report, our state of DCA report today. Big crowds here for the spring season. Got to try some new foods. We got to prove that Incredic Coaster Single Rider is no big deal. I mean, you could win on some occasions, but they lost today. Incred Coaster lost to standby today. Undeniable loss. And of course, our remembrances and our reflections on the loss of our friend Adam the Woo, who had his celebration of life this past weekend. And I am still very much in the I want to be more like Adam the Woo mood these days more so than ever. I miss you, my friend. And I hope uh you're resting well up there. Or maybe you're just maybe you're vlogging heaven. That would be great. Give me a daily update what's happening with Peter and all those guys. Thanks for watching everybody. I don't know what I'm doing. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to another. Fresh bake.
