---
video_id: A8UdkJ2mvxM
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8UdkJ2mvxM
---
Okay. Hi guys. What's happening? Fresh baked. Sorry, I was a little late. We were watching the end of dodgeball. I couldn't. I had to see the ending with the triumph victory over what was his name now? White. White something. White. White. I can't remember his last name now. Anyway, dodgeball. What's happening, guys? Nobody makes me bleed my own blood. Goodman. Thank you. White Goodman. Yeah. What did I dismiss? Wait, what? Did they ever bring your f? No, the fries are still uh fries are still crap. They're still serving the same crap fries. Uh I'm still on strike and uh we just did a video. Oh, I may have to put that out on Saturday now. Uh, we just did a video a um I did a vlog, you know, in the park vlog and I I ate at uh Docking Bay 7 because they don't serve us. You and Liz are having an anniversary. Yes, tonight is the anniversary. 10 years ago, um I made a move. I put a move. I put on my best move on list 10 years ago today. Yeah. So, it's not it's not like a first date anniversary. It's not a wedding anniversary. It's just the night I made my first move. So, have I watched Yeah, we just watched Disneyland Handcrafted a couple nights ago and I was very, very moved. I was very moved. But that was amazing. So much so much uh footage that I've never seen before. It was incredibly good. Uh I I I was actually I was expecting more. I was hoping for more. I wanted to keep going. Oh my god. Uh overtone trumpet. I uh I used the parade effect to ride a matter horn while wearing my ride of tree t-shirt. Well played, sir. Well played. Yeah, that old footage and that docu I was like, why have they been holding why why have they been holding out on us this whole time? Like, why? Why would you take that away from us? Don't you know that we love that stuff? Don't you know? We want more of that. I wish I I mean, release all the footage. Uh, do I ever post my schedule at the park? No, mostly because I don't really know my schedule, although I'm typically never there on a weekend. It's pretty rare that I'm there on a weekend. Oh, babe. I need my charger and my phone. Oh my god. I need my I need I need the brick and my other phone. Thank you to Carrie Earl for the $20 gift. My favorite line in dodgeball. You're about as useful as a poopy flavored lollipop. I know. There's so many good ones. Riptor is amazing. I know. That was a total meatloaf moment, wasn't it? You know, it was funny uh when um Reyn says, "So good. So many ocean violations in that dock." Uh I I I said that to Liz. I said, "You know how they b built that thing in a year?" I said, "Because that guy's freestyling walking up that up that I beam. He's just freestyling it up there. No ropes, no nothing. And I I I could just I kept saying, "Okay, I need you to go hang this thing over there and, you know, try not to die." And then that and then exact. And then and then no sooner did I say that did that guy almost get died when he tipped over that tractor, the bulldozer. The thing literally landed on him or nearly. My god, it was a stunning. Hey, Colton Salazar, you're green. That means you're a a member or a part of our our memberships. My goodness. That was the other thing I saw, Stacy. Uh, everybody was smoking a cigarette. Everybody was smoking. Yeah, they could not. Well, and the thing is that's another thing that they forget. Gordo, he says they never could build that this fast today. They didn't build it. Tomorrowland didn't open. Uh, there was dirt everywhere. A lot of stuff was unfinished. Uh they the paint was barely dry uh when they when they opened the gates. So they had no business being open. Um you know under today's standards they never would have been been allowed to open but uh they people say they built it in a year kind of they kind of built it in a year. Uh Jordan David is that correct? Pirates and Blue Bayou be closed from May 4th to question mark. Yes. Well, pirates at least. I know that. I'm not positive on Blue Bayou. I'll have to look into that. I don't think she heard me. Uh, thank you to Daryl for the $5 gift. Uh, hey David, when was the last time Disney advertised Magic Keys as aggressively as they did a few weeks ago? And what does that tell you? Uh, well, I mean, I think they do want more Magic Keys. I I always do. Uh, but they just they they want they there's a limit, you know, if they have to advertise them if they're not if they're don't if they haven't sold as many as they want to, but they are willing to turn it off. It's not going to be unlimited. I get it. You know, I've gotten I've kind of come to terms with that that they're limiting Magic Keys and and but and I don't I don't have a problem with that to be honest. I don't I don't have a problem with them limiting those sales. Um, I want, you know, them to make room for people coming in from out of town, etc. in that sense. And, you know, people often say that, well, they there's too many of this or too many of that. Well, they could stop that anytime they want by selling less. Uh, and they could do the same thing with single day tickets or on a busy day or whatever. Uh, so I mean, that's then they're doing what people had asked for, I would imagine, right? I hope. I don't know. Uh, web slinger, get the five bucks. Thank you. Can you please give a shout out to Jack and Henry? Hi, Jack. Kai Henry, our claim to Disney fame as our family was once the eighth highest webslinger score of the day. That's incredible. Well played. Uh Trey Kishi gets the two bucks thing. Hey Trey, what's up Trey? Are we going to hear from you tonight? Uh when do you think powers will be closed? There's a date. There's an official date, but I'm not sure what it is. But there is a or is there a date? I don't know if there is a date yet. Trey Keshi, get the two bucks. Thank you. Thoughts on staying one more year? Uh it tells me that uh they never they they don't have a plan for Avatar. They know they want to build it, but they don't know when. So uh they they they don't want to have it closed. They don't want to lose another attraction while they're still waiting for Avengers Campus to finish. They're going to wait for Avengers Campus to be done or at least near done before they close Monsters Inc. because they don't have to close it is what I'm thinking. I skipped one. I don't think so. I think I got it though. What's the best service to use for WDW vacation package from California? You mean like travel agent? I mean our our affiliate uh Getaway Today. Of course, you got to go to getaway today. There's a link. Use the link that's in our video descriptions. Not for this video, but just go look at any video description. You'll see a link for Getaway Today. Uh, okay. Let's see. Um, Trey Keshi, get the two bucks. Thank you. Excited for Coco new ride similar to Fiesta Tour. I don't think it's going to be similar to Fiesta Tour, but uh, if it is, that's fine. I love Fiesta Tour. Uh, yes, I am excited very much so. I'm looking forward to that one more than anything in Avengers. Daryl, where did I I don't remember seeing a Daryl. Trey, I answered Daryl. Did I miss something? I answered, Daryl, talking about Magic Keys. Ryan Lamastina, get the $5. Thank you. Going to Walt Disney World for the first time. Is there a big difference between Walt Disney World and Disneyland? Yes. Uh, also, do you have a favorite place to eat? No. Uh, two things. Uh, it's much bigger, much more spread out, and there's actually, even though it's much more spread out, there are actually fewer attractions. There are fewer things to do at Magic Kingdom than there are at Disneyland, which is kind of shocking considering the size. Um, there's a a heavy uh a heavy dose of meet and greets. Meet and greets are considerably more important at Magic Kingdom than they are here at Disneyland. Um, there's too much way too much Lightning Lane going on at Magic Kingdom. Uh, everything is on Lightning Lane pretty much pretty much every single ride is on Lightning Lane. And then uh the I don't have a favorite place to eat because the food at Magic Kingdom sucks. It is some of the worst food. It gives Universal Studios a run for its money. But if I had to pick one, I would probably pick the the the Harbor, whatever, the Fish and Ships place. Probably that stay the stay far away from uh that Tomorrowland restaurant whose name I have forgotten. Um I I don't remember ever liking a meal that I had there, although it's fun to watch that guy play his music. And uh take care. Webslinger, get the two bucks. Thank you. Are you going to Walt Disney World soon? Yes, we're going this month, actually. Cosmic Race. Thank you. Uh Skipper Canteen is good, but that's table service. So, obviously, they have to, you know, I'm talking quick service. I've never been to be our guest. Never been. Uh but yeah, we're going this month, I think. I I I can't remember what day it is. I think it's the end of the month and then through April 2nd, I think. Uh Jayla Ba Bayz gifted $5. Thank you. Hi, Fresh Bake. Me and my family love you. We went to Disney on on my birthday, February 25th, and was hoping to see you, but you weren't but you went the day before. See you in November. Thanks. Uh, Trey Kishi gets the two bucks. Thank you. Cosmic Rewind or Mission Breakout? Cosmic Rewind. Absolutely. Cosmic Rewind is a wonderful wonderful roller coaster. It's like I always compare it. It It feels like butter. That's something I say a lot. Feels like butter and it it's like you're dancing. Uh, it's really neat. It's a really neat uh concept. I I love that ride. It makes me It makes me nauseated, but I I you know, I power through. Harbor House. Thank you. Thank you. Harbor House. I just love there's so many places to sit there. They've got more seating at the Harbor House and a lot of them a lot of those seats are really well designed, you know, are I mean the the interiors are really welld designed. I just like being in there. The food is okay, but I like being inside Harbor House a lot. Trey Kish, you get the two bucks. How busy is the week after the 4th of July? Not that bad at all. Fourth of July, July, June and July are actually quite chill, but that could change this year because they've got the new pass, the explore key. and the explore key has more dates in the summer. So, be mindful of that. We don't know what that's going to look like. I'm looking forward to seeing what that's going to be like. We'll be reporting on that, of course. Uh but this year, this summer will be a different summer than we've had since uh postco. >> What do you need? >> Uh my other phone. >> It's in the in our room somewhere. Uh I think it's on my desk. And then I need the brick. >> What? >> Yeah, the old phone. The b I called the bath phone. And then the brick too, please. Thanks, baby. Levitator, get the two bucks. Thank you. Is early November a good time to visit for low crowds? No. No. It's I mean, it's a fun it's a great time to visit, don't get me wrong, but it's going to be busy in November. Yeah. Trey Keshi, two bucks. Raider Springs or Test Track? Test Track. Freaking love Test Track. Test Track might be the best ride ever. I absolutely love Test Track. It's perfect. Test Track is a great ride. It's really well themed. It's fun to do, but it's it's the most it's the best uh synergistic thing that they It's perfect for Epcot. It's the perfect ride for Epcot, which makes it even better. It's a great ride, but then you put it in Epcot where it is, and it's just like it's the reason to go to Epcot. It's fantastic. I love it. And it's faster than Radar Springs Racers. Yeah, you go 60 miles an hour at the end. It's amazing. Uh, let's see. You got RAW gifted five bucks. Thank you. Just wanted to say thank you for all your rope drop videos. Absolutely aced it the day I went a few months ago. I'm hearing a lot of that in the parks, by the way. People come up to me all the time. We're like, we're doing your thing. We're doing your thing. It's totally working. I'm so happy to hear that. Uh, Trey Kish, get the $5. Thank you. I'm so proud of Liz for starting a clock on the dude. That was a that reaction I have was not at all whatever. That was real. Like I freaking love her that she did that cuz that just she's she's and she's thinking, man. She's got that brain on. She puts that she she she's getting it. I I just freaking love that she did the clock, man. She started the clock. Well, I don't know why she thought to do that, but she did. She started a clock. I said, "I got to start a clock." She's like, "I already did it." I'm just like, "Oh my god, that's my wife." >> Hello, wife. >> Thank you. That's my wife. I get to call her that. I'm so excited. Okay. Uh, thank you to Wes for the $2 gift. He says, "Uh, well, I don't know. Nothing. I like that." Trey gives gets the two bucks. Thank you, Roger Rabbit or Monsters Longer Q- Line. I don't know what you're asking. The You mean You mean Monsters After Dark? I'll take Roger Rabbit over Monsters After Dark. Mr. Spiffy, give the 10 bucks. Thank you. Hey, David. Uh, thanks for all you do. Do you know anyone who does what you do for Tokyo Parks? No. Nobody does what I do. Uh, if not, any tips uh for winning at new parks? Well, I'll tell you this. No, I can't I can't think. I was going to say there's there may be a way to translate it, but there are some there are some skills that we teach that that do do translate in terms of just being able to look at a queue and discerning if, you know, like looking at Lightning Lane, looking to see if the queue is sticky or fluid, that kind of thing. Uh but measuring, you know, like benchmarks is another story. So, uh but no, as far as I know, there's nobody doing what I do. There's nobody that does what I do in Florida for that matter. Uh I tried, but nobody cared. I did try. Nobody cared. So, uh I don't know what I don't know what I don't know what to tell you on that. Uh John Hower, you get the two bucks. Thank you. Would you ever do the gumball run? I mean, to be honest, that kind of thing doesn't actually appeal to me. Uh I did, you know, it I I I have a different way of going to the park. I don't like I don't like uh I actually don't like rushing around the park like that. I do it for a rope drop, but otherwise, I kind of like to just be chill, you know? We're going back. Somebody just said, "I missed the Florida videos." We're going I'm going to do a couple videos. Uh, I'm going to shoot a couple videos this month and if I feel the vibe, cuz I've been feeling it recently. I've been I've been thinking about Epcot a lot. I've been thinking about I've been thinking about the resort hotels. We're not staying on site actually this time either. We're staying at at another hotel uh off off or you know outside the park. But if I feel the vibe and we get a decent enough response on these on these on those videos, then I might think about going back again. Yeah. Uh Jayla Jayla Bayz, give the 10 bucks. Thank you. Had the shrimp and grits at Tiana's because of you. 10 out of 10. Amazing. Hopefully they keep it year round. We'll see. They took it for a long time. It was gone for a year or two at least. Uh also, which Magic Key is worth getting and what's the difference between them? Well, worth is subjective. It depends on how often you want to go. If you want to go on the weekends, if you want to go during, you know, the some of the more peak times, um, I mean, Inspire Key is still, I believe, the best value. Uh, but Explore got better. You know, Explore is better than what was it before my daughter. Okay, I got to wait. Hurry up. >> Hello, Sophie. >> She's being noisy. I got my talking Tom. >> Are you excited about talking Tom? >> Yeah, I had a double bag. >> Oh, mommy. Put it on your Kindle. >> I did it by myself. >> So, you don't mind talking Tom? >> I do. And talking. >> It's kind of like Big Kid. >> I mean, it's not anything wrong, I guess. >> That was your good night. >> I love you. you. >> You're sweet. You guys are noisy. >> You're noisy. >> You're noisy. >> I was gonna You lock it up. >> Okay. Uh Tammy, give the $20. Thank you. Thank you for all the positive entertainment information. Much needed these days. Uh our pleasure. Thank you, Trey. Can I get the $5? Thank you. Both are dark rides. Which queue feels longer to wait in? Rogers or Mike and Sully? Roger Rabbit. I mean, Mike and Sully feels longer because it's boring as hell. At least at least Roger Rabbit has some theming in it. Uh, so but Monsters Inc. is just a boring boring queue. Cass gift of $5. Thank you. Can you watch Paint the Night from the patio of Carnation Cafe? You can, it works if you've seen it many times and you just sort of pick up the vibe. You You get the essence of it. Uh otherwise, no, you can't because there's bushes, there's hedges that very they block your view very well. Uh toy soldier might give the $5. Thank you. All my love to my friend Steven. He's a fan and just lost his wife. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. My uh my thoughts to Stephen as well. Uh I'm sure Fresh Bake will bring him some measure of joy through this trial. I hope we can as well. My condolences. Uh okay. Are you going to indulge in many adult beverages for food and wine festival like the Lunar Festival? Yes. Yes, I am. I don't know if I'm going to go all I don't know go as far as I did for Lunar. I had way too many drinks I think at Lunar in terms of just I got like I had one of everything. I had all the colors of liquor and it was probably it it it it knocked me out the next day. The next day I was not feeling very good I have to say. Trey Kishi gets the two bucks. Thank you. Why is single rider frame credit coaster so bad? because the math is wrong. It's uh it's uh two seats. It's very easy for them to to fit groups in into two seat, you know, arrangement like that. You need something with uh with an odd number uh like Radar Springs or the Matter Horn um you know where where a pair leaves an open seat but the even number the even number seating makes it easy for them to fill all the gaps. David, you confuse Plaza in with Carnation. Oh, I did, didn't I? Did he say car? He said Carnation Cafe. Well, Plaza in no carnation. No, you would think it was you would think it would be a good view also. Same thing for any parade. But the problem is now you're looking through the people. There's going to be people on that curb. So, you can see the top maybe the top half of the floats, but you can't see the whole thing. But again, and it works if you have seen the show many times and you kind of, you know, you infer from reference. Uh, thank you to Victoria for the $5 gift. Going to Walt Disney World next year and would love to know your opinion on the best places to eat and places to stay. Looking forward to your Walt Disney World videos soon. The my so far my favorite place is um Caribbean Beach. Uh the food, I mean just like I said, Magic Kingdom food is not very good no matter where you go. Uh the food is is better at uh at Animal Kingdom. It's definitely better at Epcot. The food at Hollywood Studios is also crap. I almost did it again. The food at Hollywood Studios is crap. It's not good at all. Uh, okay. So, uh, where are we? Uh, JN Seattle gift of $5. Any idea how tall the first drop on Pirates is? It's the same height as the drop on Grizzly River. No, it's I don't know. They're probably pretty comparable, I think. Uh, man, I forgot how to say your name again. Darce, get the $5. Thank you. I did some digging on Magic Kingdom's river and the real reason was legal. After the bear incident, they it was found that rivers was how wildlife was getting in. Oh, no. That can't be right. Where did you hear that from? You got a source? That can't be right. Uh if that's true, they could they could solve that. They could they could solve for bears, couldn't they? Tree condition gets a two bucks. Thank you. Ran into Ian from Fresh Baked at the park. So cool. That's cool. I haven't seen any in a long time. I still follow him on social, but I haven't seen him in a long time. Webslinger gifted five bucks. Thank you. May my kids night with a shout out. Happy 10 to you and Liz. My husband will be wearing his stay safe be kind sweatshirt. I have one of those at Walt Disney World next week. Awesome. love to see fresh bake representation in Florida. Uh uh Caroli uh says, "Same with Everest Q. Not good for single riders. It was faster to standby." Uh in most cases, the the the the Everest Q goes fast. The Everest Q is pretty pretty slick. It looks bad sometimes and sometimes it is. Depends on where the back of the queue is. But yeah, uh I would say that there's uh you're not saving a lot of time on single writer. I and I maintain that in credit coaster it's a toss up with standby most cases. Kaylee gifted 10 bucks. Thank you. Not looking forward to telling my pirates obsessed three-year-old that his favorite ride might be closed for our trip at the end of May, but thankful that the ride will be getting some TLC. Bittersweet. I mean, like I said in the video on state, I mean, it is what it is. That's part of the experience. Uh it's just impossible to make it right for everybody. At some point, they they have to do it. They've got to do it at some point and they try to do their best, you know, to fit it in a time frame that uh is, you know, not to interference, you know, or not too much interference. Uh, Jungle Cruiser gift of $10. Thank you. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, Darcy, it wasn't just bears. There's a gator issue. I ain't never heard a gator I ain't never I've never heard a gator story. Uh, is that really a thing? Okay, Jungle Cruiser 10 bucks. Uh, Dave, great news. Saurin has a single rider back. Also, you can duplicate the big thunder goat feeling on Saurin. Just look right and turn head straight while you're on the ride. Which scene? Huh? Uh, okay. Uh, Trey Keshi get the $5. Thank you. My dad has learned from you when we when we go. He said in a queue people are standing the rails. Let's not ride. That's a key thing. If you see people seeking to rest, if you see people sitting in a queue, that's an absolute red flag. If you see somebody sitting on the ground, sometimes leaning up against the pole, I kind of get that. But, uh, if you see a bunch of people leaning, one person not so much, but five or 10 people leaning against the rail, that's not a good sign. If you see people sitting on the concrete, just keep walking. Wow, there's a gator. That is Epic Universe dead. No. No. Who said that? Who's saying Epic Universe is dead? Did you miss Jay's key question? I probably did. I don't remember. Uh, let's see. Okay. Jayla, uh, Jay Leas, give the $5. What is the difference between the keys to Disneyland? Like there's a big one at World of Disney and a small one in the park. I heard you get a pin. Okay. I'm not sure what questions exactly you're asking, but the the differences are cost obviously. Uh and then blackout dates. That's pretty much it. Um Inspire Key is open the whole year except for those two weeks in during uh Christmas, the week before Christmas and the week after pretty much. Um and then believe key below that is the same but just fewer you know or more blockout dates and then explore etc etc. Uh you I mean it's it's on the uh website. I would encourage you to to look at that but otherwise there's not a lot of difference. Oh free parking. Inspire has free parking. So, if you're going to go a lot, I would I would recommend Aspire because uh otherwise you're paying for parking with the believe key or 50% off, but you're still paying. Uh let's see. Trey gets the two bucks. Will Pirates be closed in July, do you think? Probably not. No, I don't think so. Mason get the two bucks. Thank you very much. Will you be covering the Bluey opening? I hope so. I mean, I'll try, but it's not a priority. I won't make it a priority, I don't think. Uh but if it works out that we can, then I will. Um we're maybe thinking about taking Sophia if we if we get Sophia going. Otherwise, I feel weird. I feel weird uh doing something like that. Like I don't go into the uh that theater, the Disney Junior Theater. I won't go in there with a camera. Um unless I have Sophie with me because I just feel like that's kind of on the edge of like creeper. So, um, but I it's not I don't mind doing it during the Christmas, you know, that Christmas thing they do. But I I I'm very I'm not in there for very long and I try to be careful where I point the camera. Uh, but if but for Bluey, that's going to be a bunch of kids. That's going to be a bunch of kids. So, um, I I I'm not sure I'm not sure what I'll be doing in that sense. Yayita, get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Love this channel. Love you. Thank you for that. What's the point of the big key to Disney at Walt World of Disney? That's uh the thing with the um it's Yeah, that's okay. That's what you're talking about was the was the the the key to Disneyland. That's part of the 70th anniversary. Uh there's stations throughout the park and you buy the key thing and then you and then you go to each thing and you put the key in and it plays the little music thing for you. you get some bubbles and then it lights up on your thing and then at the end uh when you get all the keys all go to all the lands uh a key comes out. You get Yeah, you get a pin. So yeah, it's pretty neat. We did a whole video on it. Uh look for our 70th anniversary uh first day. We did a whole video on the key thing. Uh three Dell get the two bucks. Thank you. Did we get clarification on the bus for uh Toy Story parking? The only thing we know so far is Disney has said Disney has come out and said that um they there will be no interruption of service. What that means, we don't know yet, but that but we do know that there will be no inter they're going to continue busing people from the Toy Story lot. Nate said, uh, hit the like button. Thank you, Nate. SD Boute, where'd you go? Get the 10 bucks. Thank you. I've personally seen gators twice hanging out next to splash. Fascinating. You sure they're not? I'm just kidding. Uh they had to add extra barriers under the bridge. Obviously not an issue anymore. No, no bridge. I I would be shocked if that was the real reason. But uh I mean I guess if it's if the states coming after them or something like that, then maybe. Uh, but that sure sounds like uh a non like something I I I thought Florida was more um you know like deal with it then I don't know man. Mr. Spiffy gifted five bucks thinking when we go to Tokyo I'll show you the busiest line there. Saurin four hours. I I believe it. I don't understand the attraction to Saurin but I believe it. People love that ride. Uh let's see. Trey get the five bucks. Thank you. Thank goodness I watched your videos. waited in Goofy's queue, was in the garden, and said 30 minutes ended up being 50. If you're in the garden and everything else is full ahead of that, you're in big trouble. You're in big trouble. Yeah, you're talking about that key right there. Yeah, right. Yeah, that's what I was talking about. Hold on. I don't know if it I don't it may the battery may be dead. This is the 70th anniversary. The key to Disneyland. Yeah, I I think it's dead. Oh, wait. No, I got to turn it on. Oh, there. See? See how it lights up? So, you go to each land. There's the hub. There's Mark Twain, Haunted Mansion, etc. Bayou Country. You go to each land and there's a a thing and you put the key in, right? You put the key in and it trigger something and it plays the music. Let me see. How do I I thought this thing Oh, here we go. >> Memories of the past and here you may savor the challenge and promise of the future. >> I mean, that's cool, right? It sure is. Oh, no. So, this one. And then the other thing turns the lights differently. I don't know how to make it play the music. Anyway, it's awesome. I love it. Okay. Uh, where was I? Jungle Cruiser, get the five bucks. Thank you. Turn your head right or left so you see the other riders for five minutes and then stare straight ahead. Oh. Oh, that's interesting. I I guess I'll try that. That's a long time though. Five minutes. Is that right? Even five minutes long. Uh, let's see. Beat and Danielle get the 20 bucks. Thank you. Hi, Fresh Baked. Looking forward to your food and wine video with Liz, especially when you end up on Maiders. That will happen. Guaranteed. Enjoy some food and drinks. Thank you very much for that. I appreciate you. I'll give you a thumbs up. People are liking that. Well done. Uh, Sandy, get the two bugs. Bring back the pot roast. Pot roast is gone at the plaza in indeed. Cass gets the $5. Thank you. Would would like to see paint the night first time but traveling with older people who cannot stand long or sit on the ground. Suggestions. Uh get the plaza and dining package. That way you can just show up at the last minute, roll up and uh and you get a meal out of it. Plaza and dining package, but they sell out. So check check soon. Check the uh check the dining uh or the reservation site, whatever quickly. Trey, get the five bucks. Thank you. I feel your pain when time to see how long a rotation was for Snoopy roller coaster. That Oh my god. That that takes that the one I can't even get this out. It is so painful waiting for them to get people in and out of that vehicle. I don't know how people do it. I Camp Snoopy is the most frustrating god-forsaken place for somebody who wants to go on rides that's not eight years old. I I I can't I I refuse to I refuse to go there if I don't have to. Man, I go there to to do recon. I'll like watch it, but I I I'm not bringing Sophie on that. I'm not taking her there. No way. That's awful. This is so awful. Uh Donna Morton didn't get the three bucks. Thank you. I give you a thumbs up for that. Very nice. Let's see. Uh, where was I? Stacy, get the $10. Thank you very much. Is that a Star Wars roleplay book on your shelf? My husband Patrick has an eagle eye and needs to know. Star Wars roleplay book. Uh, you talking about these here? These right here? No, those are just um you know like art of Star Wars books. This is an Art of Galaxy's Edge book. Uh I don't see anything else that looks Star Warsy here. That's what you talking about. This right there, guys. You know what that is? This is one of my prized possessions. I've shown this uh on this on live stream before. This is the original >> box set of VHS tapes. If you want to see what Star Wars looked like before George Lucas put his grubby hands on it, you can watch this VHS. This is the This is the original when they first came out on VHS. This is it. I've had the other ones. I bought the ones that came out after that with that solid that sort of more solid color palette to it, but I've been sitting on this. I've been keeping this uh for I don't know when did it come out? Since the uh when when did uh Return of the Jedi It was 778 83. So probably probably 1984 1985. Uh I've had this now. So 40 40 years. It's my it's one of my prized possessions. Okay. Uh, let's see. We're doing show and tell here today. Okay. Uh, Jungle Cruiser, get the two bucks. Did you hear about Hoppers about Hopper's Trail at Redwood Creek? No, they're doing a Hopper Trail. Is that true? Uh, Jayla Bay, get the two bucks. Thank you. What's your favorite dining experience? Or car uh Minnie's breakfast at Plaza is the best. Andy Barkawitz, get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Mark the date and time I'm calling it. They are building a Skyliner to the story to Toy Story lot. I think that's why the they postponed Monsters Inc. The return station will be in the current bus. I mean, they've already we've already sort of heard that uh the city announced something about that recently. The city of Anaheim, I I don't know if it's it if there's time enough to get that done by the time they build everything. That's that's super long term. It will take a while to build that Skyliner. I'll say that. Eddie, you get the $5. Plus, it's very difficult. You got to get uh you know, easements. Disney doesn't own any of that land. Disney owns none of the land between here and uh the Toy Story lot. So, how are they going to build all that stuff on other people's land? They have to be given permission, easements, and that's got to be difficult. That would have to be difficult. Uh Eddie gets the $5. Thank you. Do you think the delay in Monsters Inc. closing has anything to do with salvaging salvaging props for No. No, as a matter of fact, it's uh by the by the virtue of the fact that they're waiting a year, the the opportunity for them to use any of those props is probably passed. I I think maybe there may not be enough time for that. I don't know. No, probably not. Are they vertical at Monsters yet or at Monropolis? I haven't been keeping up. Uh let's see. Uh uh Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Your favorite Star Wars and Indiana Jones movie? Star Wars is the original Star Wars and Indiana Jones the Raders obviously. Yeah. But second favorite, no third favorite would be uh Rogue One goes Star Wars Empire Rogue One. JB Master photo get the $10. Thank you, David. I rope dropped DCA back in February 8th and soaring opened early. That does happen sometimes. Yes, sometimes soaring does open early and I may you know what? I may have to do that. I'll may I'll do a rope drop test for DCA to see how that affects how it affects strategy because I mean that might be too late though. Even still, even if you do get open early, you might miss the opportunity to get a decent uh wait time for for monsters. But we'll test it and see what happens. Trey, get the $5. Thank you. Still can't believe the state of DCA video where they had tape on the Pixar Palaround queue. I don't remember that. Oh, wait. I remember that now. Yes, that was terrifying. That was the busiest I've ever seen. Pixar pelam. Uh, let's see. Nate, get the two bucks. The trilogy is getting an original release in 2027. I heard that, Nate. I did hear that. L. Simmons, get the 10 bucks. Thank you. I carried your fresh baked tote to the grocery store. And someone said your tagline out loud. Get out of here. That's amazing. Thumbs up for that. That was amazing. Uh, Donna Morton say, "Ged seven bucks." Thank you. Do you think there will be many ride closures early June? Uh, I don't know, but that's not really a reverb season. Any I don't know. Probably could be, but it's less likely. Uh, Kenneth, give the two bucks. Are you speaking Sunday at Adams Memorial? I don't know if there anybody's speaking. I don't think that's the I don't think they're doing that. But I will say I did edit a video, a five minute video that's going to be running on a loop uh that you'll all get to see. So what um it's the one that features the when he I spliced in a bunch of scenes of him microwaving that pizza during COVID. That's that video I edited. Uh Jayla Bas gift of $2. Thank you. Do you think Walt Disney World is worth the money compared to Disneyland? I mean that's also very subjective. It's difficult to say worth. I mean uh yeah I think it is. I guess I guess I do think it is. Yeah. Uh theme parks and things with Johnny gift to $5. Wait, you took the Johnny off? Why did you take the Johnny off? Theme parks and things to $5. Thank you. The most ridiculous take I ever heard from someone recently was was down should buy the I'm sure you mean Disney that Disney should buy the land off of Walnut. I responded people live there and yeah people forget that that it takes two. It's not enough to just say I want to buy your land. The person has to say okay yes I agree to your terms. So, what would what would somebody who owns a ridiculously profitable apartment building ask for that property? And then and then what do you what do you tell all the people who live there? Get the hell out. No, man. It's not as easy as you think to just buy land. It's especially around Disneyland. That is very valuable property. Trey gets the five bucks. Thank you. Have you seen the DCA that busy before when you did? Uh, have you? No. Uh, well, yes, but it's very rare. Um, I remember the video you're talking about. Uh, it it doesn't happen very often, and I haven't seen it since then, that's for sure. Do you think the crowd calendars are accurate? asks John. Uh, I don't know how accurate they are. Um, but probably not. Probably not. The thing is is that people also have a very wide opinion of what busy is. Like I can tell you that it's dead. That video we did in at State of Disneyland where I said it's dead, people were all up in me about how it wasn't dead. And I'm like, dude, you guys don't understand. That's dead for Disneyland. That's dead. Okay. If when the Space Mountain queue is empty, that's dead. Mr. Fred Rrookson did sell. No, he didn't. No, he didn't. Uh, Jayla, get the two bucks. Thank you. We're from Arizona. Should be invested in Magic Key, you guys. I mean, how often are you going to go? I know. It depends. Just do the math. There's They actually the website, the Magic Key website has a a thing where it tells you how many visits you need to make in order to break even. That's what you got to answer, you know, and then, you know, find out if that's worth it to you. Annie Bark, it's gifted five bucks. Thank you. If you have heard anything about releasing Adam's last video, there should be one from his last day. It's not complete. He only shot about 10 minutes worth of video. So, I don't really think there's anything to and it's I don't it's not going to be anything earthshattering. He just he went to Epcot. Uh he looked at a Montreal and there's not a lot to it. Um that was Yeah, there's just there's there he didn't finish the video. He barely shot anything that day, which is kind of out of out of character, but that's the fact that he barely shot anything that day. Uh, okay. So, let's see. Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Damn, dude. That was so hot when you went to DC. Are you just watching all the DCA videos right now, Trey? Uh, James, get the $10. Thank you. On Monday, my son and I spotted you near Indiana Jones. I called your name. Gave a gentle fist bump on the shoulder while walking past. Hope I wasn't too invasive. I realize that might be weird. Well, I I'll tell you, I don't know if I react or not. I mean, I get I do get that a lot. Um, but it I mean, if I do react just because obviously I'm not expecting anybody to tap me on the shoulder from behind. Um, so hopefully I didn't like, you know, flinch. I I flinch you guys. I do flinch when people yell at me from behind. Like uh because I'm not just it's it's very st I'm very like like I spook easily. I'm flinchy like that. Uh, so you got to come around the front and introduce yourself. How did the Guardians of the Galaxy elevators get their names? I don't know. The cast named them. I just, you know, I talk to cast members frequently around there and that's how they refer to them. So that's how I refer to them. Johnny Blaze, get the $5. Thank you. What's the status on the treehouse and Ray's berets? Uh well, we just did an update on our last construction video on the treehouse. Um the kettle's off and the monkey doesn't work right, but other than that, it's okay that the the the grass is still thriving at raised brace. It doesn't look quite as good as it did earlier, but it's still doing very well. Yeah, the buckets haven't moved in probably a year at least. I think I don't think the buckets have moved in a year. James, I made sure to approach you from the front. Said your name first. Here's another thing. I appreciate that. Uh, here's another thing. Um, if you can help it, call me fresh bake. Don't call me David because I never assume because I've made that mistake a few times in the past. I never assume that you're talking to me. Like I get a lot of times I'll see people I'll see somebody wave and I'll wave back at them and they were waving at the person behind me. Very embarrassing. Uh, and so if I hear my name, if you say David, I may or I I mean I might respond, but I never assume it's me that you're talking to because there's lot it's a very common name. Uh, so if you say fresh bake, then I know what the what the relationship is. Like I get it. It's a lot easier uh a lot easier to get it in that sense. Uh, Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Remember when you went to DCA during the heatwave? Dude, that was uh was it 100 something? 105 I think. I think it was. Yeah, that was inc. That was so hot that day. I I barely survived that day. Uh, hey Dee. De's in the green. I love it. Okay, De's in the green. I got some major health updates this week. I have a big surgery in my future. I'm really glad I have your videos. We got lots of videos for you to watch, Dee. But I hope you're going to be okay. You're gonna be okay, right? Are you Are you well? But yeah, definitely watch a bunch of fresh bait while you're there. That should help. Uh AR Coran gift of $5. Thank you. Do you think there is a chance the dragon comes back for Fantasmic this year? No, we would have already heard about it. Uh they if when they bring it back, they're going to bring it back during the summer. Uh most likely. Uh so we would have heard about it already. So I'm thinking summer of 27 is my best guess. Have your expectations changed with the Avengers ride? Excited or met? I'm not excited for it to be perfectly honest. Uh but I mean maybe it's just because I I I have, you know, I don't know, trauma from all the all the damn projection rides and the and I just know it's going to be projection focused. I'm just hoping that we get a lot of practical effects, but I'm I'm just nervous that it's not going to, you know, I'm going to be dissatisfied, but um, you know, fingers crossed. Uh, DD, I have scoliosis and they have to revise my Oh my god. Yeah, that sounds terrifying. I don't want be messing with your back, man. That would terrify me. I'm so sorry, Dee. Have faith. Have faith. Uh, Donna, get the two bucks. Thank you. Fresh bake vlogs cure all ills. I'm not sure if they're going to cure scoliosis, though, I'm afraid to say. But yeah, hopefully it'll at least give you some uh entertainment and some happiness. SW Get to $5. Thank you. Hey, David, thanks for stopping for a picture on the Mark Twain yesterday with me and my sister. You absolutely uh welcome. Thanks for being so kind and awesome. Much love. Much love to you. Thank you very much. How about now, David? Does it say Johnny? No, it might just be my handle and not the channel name that doesn't say Johnny. Yeah, I'm not. That's really strange. It did used to say That's why I know to call you Johnny because your handle in the chat said it, but now it just says theme parks and things. That is weird, right? Where is Boris? I don't know. He's downstairs somewhere. We got to keep the door closed because it's very noisy out there. Did you see that? Knots honored Adam with his own Adamu brand on the Yeah, I did see that. Justin, I saw that on Justin social. That's pretty cool. That's pretty cool. What's your prediction for the Disneyland side of Disneyland forward? Uh I don't know, man. I haven't really thought about it. I I have done. I have no predictions. Tron, let's hope for Tron. I I was hoping for it on the other side on the DCA side, but maybe we'll get Tron there. Uh, Denny, have you noticed any correlation between the relations between Canada and the USA as of late and the amount of Canadian visitors to the park? Well, unfortunately, and I've said this before, there's no way to tell if somebody's Canadian. They got to wear they don't wear flags on their shirts or anything like that. I have I don't know who's Canadian. And in most cases, I did I actually did speak to a Canadian family the other day, actually, now that I think about it. Um, and they were very excited to be there. They were very excited to be there. So, the only thing the the only drag was the um the fact that Disney doesn't ship to Canada, you know, through the website, the Disney store. But she was very excited to be there. And the exchange I think they I don't know what the exchange rate is like. Uh but yeah, I people ask me that all the time. They're like, "How do I know? How do I know?" I mean, you can kind of hear the you know, you hear a lot more accents at at Walt Disney World than you do at Disneyland. a lot more accents at Walt Disney World to the point where like do people do do people in Europe even know that Disneyland exists. Like it makes me think that a lot of foreign countries don't even know. They all just go to Disney World. No idea why you want Tron. Dude, I love lighting effects. I've said this I've been saying this for 13 years. I absolutely love ground effects and I love lighting effects. I love the music. It's freaking awesome. I like things that light up. It makes me happy. I love I love popcorn lights and neon and all that stuff. Nate, uh, people I know were all fine to go to California. My wife and I haven't stopped going. Yeah, man. Um, people love Disneyland. What can I say? What can I say? People love Disneyland. It's great. it. You can leave your politics at home. Come to Disneyland. Hey, JD Vance came to Disneyland. Okay, so leave your politics at home and enjoy yourself. Uh, SD potato, get the $10. Thank you. I'm an inkeeper in Maine. My Canadians speak French, so they're obvious, but our friends from the north are down about 75%. Interesting. So, that's a little bit more measurable for you because you can see uh you can see where they're coming from, right? I we can't tell. We can't tell at Disneyland. Original glasses get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Do you ever listen to the podcast the ride? No, I don't listen to podcasts in general. Um I don't watch videos and I don't listen to podcasts. I watch golf tournaments. Uh I'm still watching the Olympics, but other than that, I don't I don't watch hardly anything with the time I have that to watch movies. I'm watching movies with my wife. Ralph Moon, get the $5. Thank you. Is Lightning Lane premiere offered for Disneyland Park only? Uh, no. Uh, I have out of teners visiting one park during the holiday season. Uh, you buy you buy it for the whole thing. The Premier Pass has one pass or one one price as far as I know. Unless they changed it. Nowhere in particular we can tell if Canadians talk long enough. I'm tell I spoke to a Canadian family on What day was that? Monday. And I had no idea. I had no idea they were Canadian. They didn't say all the usual stereotypical stuff. They did like hockey though. They were from Edmonton. They did like hockey. Do you think they will add another lightning lane when they close monsters? No. I hope not. It was unnecessary to begin with. David, you probably talked to somebody. No, actually, no, they weren't from Edmonton. They were Edmonton fans, but they were they they referred to where they lived as the Texas of Canada, but I can't remember what uh province that was. What's the Texas of Canada? Alberta. That may Yeah, I think it is Alberta. I think it was Alberta. No, it wasn't Calgary. I think it was Alberta. And that's because I assume it's because it's wide open and there's like, you know, it's wilderness, etc., right? A lot of open space. STH get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Uh I David, hope you're doing great. Debating on staying for two or three days at the parks, but not sure if three days is pushing it or if two is just enough. Would you would like to hear your input, but I mean it depends on Dude, it's all about your budget and how much you're trying to get done. Um I it's impossible for me to answer that. So uh you know, I don't I don't know how to answer that question. Some people like to go first five days, six days. I don't know. Oh, Alberta is oil rich. Okay. They were EB. Well, I like I said, there is no hockey team in Alberta, so I assume that Edmonton is the closest hockey town uh to Alberta, I guess. Oh, what's the other reason? Oh, no. Well, they were very nice, you guys. They were a very, very nice family. I was happy to speak with them. So, uh, Calgary is in Alberta. So, they weren't Calgary fans. She did mention Calgary, though. How we doing? What time is it? Oh, it's 8 o'clock. We got to wrap it up. Fresh bake. Uh, okay. So, anything pending here that I need to get to. Okay, I guess that's it. All right, guys. Uh, we're going to call it. Stay tuned, obviously. Well, let me say thank you to Alton for the $20 gift. Thank you for everything you do. Thank you very much for that, Alton. Uh we're going to uh food and wine tomorrow, so stay tuned for that. That's probably going to be on Sunday. That video will probably come out Sunday. Can't wait. Stay tuned. We'll see you next time, guys. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bait.
