---
video_id: 7QZ6p6vBkdY
channel: FreshBaked
title: "I can't figure out what they're doing in Fantasyland | Disneyland Construction 2026-03-27"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QZ6p6vBkdY
---
What in the heck are they doing over there by the Matah Horn? We've got over-the-wall footage this week and I genuinely cannot explain what I'm looking at. Meanwhile, we've got a possibly scandalous situation at Ranchel Delo. So, let's start there. One of the great table service restaurants in all of Disneyland. Sit-down meal, great atmosphere, solid Mexican food right here in Frontier Land. beloved by guests for 25 years. They're serving grab and go now. The horror. At least that's the rumor that I heard. So, I promised our viewers on our live stream to come check it out. We're here at Rancho to see if that is a true situation. And it kind of is, but it isn't. What they're doing here is organizing the four different types of foods you can get, kids meals, chicken, tacos, burritos into separate cues. and then prepping those meals like buffet style like they used to do at Pizza Planet. What they're not they're grabb that sense that they're already they're pre-made meals. They don't wait for you to place the order, but they're not prepackaged in a plastic container and just there, you know, made in mass quantities and you just grab one like you see over at Starbucks or something. One line for each type of food. If there's a dish there, you take it. If not, you just wait a second and they'll make one for you. So, it's an upgrade from what I initially thought this situation might be. You hear the words grab and go and you immediately think the worst. Technically, the food is pre-made for you. Technically, you are just walking up there and grabbing a dish that's already been prepared, but it's not in a container. It's not mass- prodduced. They're more or less fresh. Uh, and that was been that was our experience. We picked up the Sonora chicken burrito and our taste test confirmed it tastes just like it always does. It was hot. It was It was tasty. It was delicious. expect this to last a couple of months at least. Uh this is a test as I understand things. This is a test and they they may very well be testing another type of food prep service or whatever you want to call it. Another system just as they have for years. Ranchel Dozoko has long had sort of a difficult time. It's a beautiful lovely dining location. Perhaps one of my my favorites in the park, but they have often had a difficult time in keeping guests organized in a way that is efficient. They've gone from one line like they do now uh for each type of food. You used to be able to get your enchilada or your chicken in separate cues to one big line serving every guest and that was really poor. Plus, they've also had mobile order in the past which didn't work at all. And I also confirmed that is no longer on the table. No mobile order. It's going to be happening at Ranchel Desert Colo for the near future or the distant future as far as I know. We'll keep our eye on this. But so far, this has still got the fresh baked seal of approval. I am definitely okay with the system that is in place today at Ranchal Deloko Disney. If you're listening, give this a shot. Let's segue seamlessly over to the Montreal, which was closed last week, open this week. So, we're going to get a chance to check out some sites here. We'll first look at what's going on over there at the future Porto site. We'll be back there later, but check out the size of that digger. Wow, that is big. And there's still a lot of action going on down there. We're going to check that out in a little bit when we get back to Downtown Disney. Here's that over-the-wall footage of Adal Vice Snacks by the Matah Horn. And as we inch towards the site, and we can see there's some concrete still there. And then some dug up concrete. Some staging for what? I don't know. That looks like maybe a skid steer. I'm not sure. They've got Oh boy. What I just This is just a complete mystery. What you're looking at there where those or where that orange pylon is, that's about where that covered area was, which was just it it didn't really have a purpose other than a shady place for people to wait while they're in the queue for Adal Vice. Uh they've that's gone that they've removed that, but I'm not sure what they're what it is that they're trying to accomplish here. I do think that they're trying to perhaps create more seating, which is there's none in this area pretty much. There's really no seating except for what's on the other side over there under the cover area, which we're going to get to that in a minute as well. That's not enough. That's not sufficient, I don't think. Uh, so they're trying to, and this is something that I think they're trying to do throughout the park. They're trying to create more places, more ways for people to sit and eat. That much, I think, is clear, but it it does feel like they're trying to sort of expand this into other areas that were were essentially nothing, like where the old Fastpass kiosk was for the Mad Horn. You guys remember that? Uh it looks like they maybe try. We'll we'll see from the other side when the when the Montreal comes around uh after passing by Small World. We'll see there. But I cannot make heads or tails of what's going on down here what there is probably still in a state of demo as opposed to building. I feel like that that's probably, you know, that that open trench area right there is where something was, not where something is going to be. Now, that's just half the mystery of what's going on here. The other half is what's happening after we pass this covered area where the old uh the old motorboat crews uh loading area used to be. On our way there, we're going to pass by part of that. This is kind of that area that we're looking at when we look over the that covered seating area behind Adel Vice. That's sort of what we're seeing. Now, this is just general backstage. I don't think that's anything. You can see there's a lot of con uh you know maintenance etc back there. I don't believe that they're developing anything there. So keep that in mind though when we come around the other side as we pass by this frame filling tree. You'll see the Montreal track come into view and it's to the left of this track. That's where our eyes are fixed right now to the right there between the bushes and the track. There's something going on. There's action back there that I haven't seen or observed in the past. Sometimes it's just a case of my eyes, my my peripherals taking in information that didn't take in before. Something is going on back there that is a complete mystery. I think I need you guys comment below and tell me what you think you see here. If anything, we're going to get a better look as well when we get on the ground. I don't know how better it is because we're so far away and it it's it's so the angle is poor. We're going to get a hopefully a better look on the ground when we get to that covered seating area because luckily the Montreal stopped right here in front of Adal Vice. There's Adal Vice in the right uh third of frame and there's that work site again that we that we saw we passed by and I tried to get a closer look. That's kind of where that Matah Horn Fastpass kiosk was, right? Yeah, it's right there where the dirt is. They took it out. It's gone. If I'm not mistaken, back in the day when they issued paper fastpasses, they had the kiosk right here. There's that cat uh earth mover right there. And then to the left, you can see the Montreal and that concrete pillar there just, you know, for the Montreal support. Attached to that is the wooden box. I have an image from a few years ago back when that was uh you know, for you know, it was like a cast member help desk. And you can see in that image there, there's actually, by the way, the the idle vise covering that they've torn out. That's gone. Uh, and you can see that brown box. So, we know we're looking in the right situation. That brown box attached to that pillar, that support column. That puts the Fastpass kiosk right where that blue pole is, which was not there before. They've taken out the Fastpass kiosk and they put in that blue pole for what I don't know if that's a lamp or possibly it's maybe one of those directional signs, you know, Finding Nemo. this direction, matter horn, that direction, they'll put kind of like how they have already over there with the wooden signs uh by by Adobe. So, they're going to put in a new sign there. Uh but how that relates to what's happening with the concrete, what's happening to the seating area, difficult to say, but that's our first clue really of of something that of potential of what they could be doing. They're designing a new space here. That's the bottom line is they're designing a new space that is just beyond simple concrete and bushes. There's some other purpose for this space that we don't know yet. It's kind of a mystery. And the bad news is that the the Montreal is going down for refurb uh as of this Monday, I believe, for who knows how long. So, we won't be able to come back here and look again for some time now. We've still got more to investigate. There's still the question of what's happening over there on the other side of the seating area. We're going to get to that in just a minute because across the way, uh, Blue's Best Day Ever is officially open. We were there on Tuesday. I hope you guys got to see our review of that show and the food, etc. Uh, but the the the space is open. Sunday was bit of a disaster. Sunday went, but opening days often are the case. But as you can see here on this Friday, which was a busy day, no waiting. We were able to walk straight in and this is about 10 minutes. This is at noon. The next show is at 12:10. So this is 10 minutes before showtime official even though there's entertainment happening almost all the time. So it's still possible to get seats here. It's not completely sold out. And I feel like the uh the intensity will kind of wind down a little bit as the weeks progress, but Blueie is still very popular. Uh food service there is pretty popular there still as well. That's about a 10-minute wait that we're looking at there. So that's come on down. It's open and not a problem. You can get a seat at the Bluey Show without too much difficulty. I want to take a minute to thank our sponsor and preferred travel affiliate Getaway Today for sponsoring this episode. If you're looking to plan a trip to Disneyland, Walt Disney World, take a cruise, go to Alani, please do contact Getaway Today. There's a . We love these guys. They're a familyrun operation. Absolutely the best, the kindest, nicest people. They're going to take really good care of you. They take really good care of us every time we travel to Florida. They have planned every one of our trips and I've never been dissatisfied. Absolutely great bunch of people there. You'll love them. Use the link in description. Let them know we sent you. And I hope you guys have a great trip. Let's go back to Adal Vice. So, here we are on the street walking approaching toward the Adal Vice pickup area. The walls are up. We can't see anything, but that definitely they've taken out that covered situation on the right. There's still more going on behind Adal Vice where that covered seating area is this covered seating area. Still can't see what they're doing in there. I tried to peek over the wall a little bit and I I think they're doing something with concrete because well there's I'm pretty sure that's a cement mixer. I'm no genius, but I'm pretty sure that's a cement mixer. So they're they're definitely putting in some new concrete. Let's go to the far left. This is that scene we were trying to analyze from the Montreal. It the it wasn't great, but that I'm saying, okay, something's happening back there. That orange cone was not there before last week. I'm certain of that because I actually do have footage from last week. It looks barren back there. There is a strip, but it the scene has changed. There's the the orange cone is not there. And and I'm not sure how much that means, but it's something. The scene has changed. There is activity, movement, etc. back there. I don't know. I feel like there could be something happening there, but I don't expect man. It's tough to get to all the way to the to the idea that maybe something is happening here that is useful for the cast because there's just not a lot of upgradable terrain back there. It is what it is. It's not It's not upgradeable, especially when you got that Montreal track getting in the way. And if they did have long-term plans here, I'd be shocked if they'd be doing that now. if they'd be working on that. Now, by long term, I mean adjusting the Montreal track or something like that in order to build there was the rumor, any you guys remember back in the day, there was the rumor they're going to build the Beauty and the Beast dark ride uh that they have. I think it's uh in Hong Kong, I think they were going to build that here. Uh there was there was Scott Trobridge out there uh tweeting tweeting about the future of this space. Why is he here? I don't know, Scott. Why are you there? There's that that's still in the back of people's minds years later. It's nothing but a conspiracy theory at this point, but it does it does make you curious. Stay tuned. We're going to try our best to see if we can see any movement back there in future weeks. For now, let's get out to the Pixar Place Hotel and take a quick look at what's happening backstage at the Future Coco site, which is s it's a lot. Okay, there's more demo. There's more. It's looking more and more like dirt and less and less like landscaping and concrete. Uh they have definitely torn up a whole lot. You can still see a lot of debris back there, etc. We're going to see some developments here in a second, but we'll come back to that because I want to get out to Catella Avenue to see what's happening on the ground, which is a lot well well a lot from the idea that there's staging back there. There's materials behind that scrim fence. There's materials that weren't there last week. Meanwhile, we've got which I think if I'm not mistaken, that's a water truck. If there's a water truck back there, that means there's dirt because the water trucks are to keep the keep the dirt from flying up and going all over the place. So, they spread water all over the place. If there's water trucks, there's dirt. There's also those two tents. that's for foremen or you know people who are looking at schematics or blueprints or who knows what. I've never actually worked at construction site. I don't know. But there's definitely an increased level of activity in this specific space. >> Yeah. So, I'm not sure how much we're going to be able to see from the Pixar Place Hotel, but what I can tell you is I can see right now I won't be able to pick it up with the camera from here. Hopefully, when we get up there, but there is another uh excavator back there. They're still they're still digging. Here's that look again from Disneyland Drive. You know, it's fascinating to me. Those trees I used to call the naked leafless trees. That was just a couple weeks ago. They have somehow blossomed. They're not completely green. Fascinating. Those trees are still there. Uh and definitely we can see through. You can actually see through into backstage from there. Look at that. Do you guys what we're seeing through here? That I don't know if that's apparent, but the building that's being demoed is through those trees. That was something we could not see in the past. We can now see clearly that building that will be demoed backstage behind Incred Coaster. Uh that will become obviously the future Coco site. Meanwhile, as I was making my way down Disneyland Drive, I could hear the sound of something like a buzzing sound. I couldn't quite place it at the time. I thought it might be like a wood chipper or something like that, but it wasn't quite right. And I don't know if you noticed in the last clip, but look at that. This happened the day after, this happened last Saturday, the day after I shot our construction footage. They put up that black scrim. Uh, so you can't see anything from the ground on the left half of this construction site, other than the fact that there's clearly uh an excavator back there doing some work, but they've they've got half the fence now with a black scrim, which I'm sure they probably will extend that eventually to the rest of the fence. Let's get inside to the Picture Place Hotel and get to the top once more where we left you guys earlier. So, a lot of dirt, no concrete, no landscaping of any kind. They have completely demoed everything. You can see some of that rubble, that black top rubble back there again. Uh, and then some steel, etc. And it looks like that could be some more trees or landscaping cut up there on the left. And then these guys, that's the sound. That's what we heard is whatever this rig is, which looks like it could be a concrete pour. I think they're pouring concrete. Although, it's interesting that they would be doing that already considering that this the area that's being developed here is not anywhere near ready for development. So, why they're pouring concrete now there is a good question. Uh, a curious one that I will uh ask the viewers if they understand that situation at all. Uh, down there looks like they've got another little mini digger. The fence is up. Uh, scrim is up there as we mentioned and just a very very active work site on this left half. They're definitely starting on that end of things first clearing. It's the shape of things is really curious to me like what is the shape of this situation and how big is that show? I feel like that I feel like where that dirt is is going to be the approach into the attraction, not the attraction itself. Meanwhile, not a lot of action in that corner that we can see at the corner of Disneyland Drive and Catella. Although, we can see if we hopefully I can zoom in here in a second, we can see that the cutting of the black top of the surface has reached almost that spot. That looks like dirt here and then perhaps regular concrete there. Perhaps just dirty concrete. So, it looks like they've cut all that way. Now, let's pause here for a second. Let's get on that Pixar Palaround to see if we can't find anything. from that side. And by the way, before we even get to the top, we can now see through the Incredic Coaster there. That's that work site. That's that same excavator there. And you can see the crews kind of milling about in the in the uh through the the structure. Meanwhile, backstage doesn't again, it doesn't look like anything's happening there. I always use that orange. It looks like a speedboat right there in the center with the orange. Whatever. I always use that as sort of my that's the thing I'm looking when that moves. Then I'll know there's some action back there. But the speedboat is still there. But look how clear those that used to be full of trees. That was 100% trees back there. And now we can see those three guys milling about looking for something to dig or to destroy or to or to plant. I don't know. I don't know what they're doing back there. But there it is. Man, there's a lot of dirt. That's a lot of dirt in here. Just looking for any identifiable pieces of activity. I'm not sure what's under that tarp back there, but I did that that gate is open. I'm curious how long they're going to keep this open. I have a feeling probably by the time we do this next week, they will close that area off because it's becoming less and less navigable, if that's if that's the term, of backstage guys doing their deliveries, etc. I I feel like it's going to get harder and harder for those guys to do their deliveries back there with all that construction. I have a feeling they're going to close this area off right there uh pretty soon, probably by next week. So, that's the Pixar Palaround. Let's go back to our perch on the Pixar Place Hotel to see what this looks like. Now, that backstage area from the Pixar Place Hotel. That building on the left again, as I understand it, that's the one that's going to go. That's the That's the building where they've been storing the Lunar New Year floats. And there's some general offices back there as well. I feel like that's probably the most expendable of the three buildings because I don't think DCA's long for parades anyway because of what they're doing with the backstage area uh and closing that off. But here again, that backstage area, that's the area that I'm talking about. I feel like that access to that space is going to be limited soon based on how much they're pushing towards there. uh that we could see by by next week where that where those where that trees are in that center area, all that traffic that goes in and out of there is going to be limited, I believe, in short order. Oh, here we go. We got some action with the digger. Okay, the digger's digging. The excavator is excavating. Uh doing some serious work there. They are still tearing things up. And there there's that water truck I was talking about. There's a guy with a hose from the water truck uh keeping that dust down. uh doing that. And then I think we've got a skid steer back there as well doing work. You can by the way you see that fence that fence I think or part of that fence has been removed and they're and they're taking out black top on the other side of that fence which is an important development. Taking that concrete out there's dirt and there's concrete. They're taking that out as well. They're starting to push, that's what I mean. They're starting to push into the other backstage areas. Another fascinating week at Coco. Uh, I want to take a quick look at the uh parking lot over here. That's a Simba parking lot. No signs still of any kind of paint. No paint on the ground there from that angle, nor from the other end of the hotel. Uh, so nothing to nothing to report on. As far as that goes, I'm not seeing anything that we should we should be able to see paint from up here if there are any. No doubt this has been exciting. But I kid you not, the day that I see a wrecking ball. Well, actually, they don't do wreck. Do they do wrecking balls anymore? the day they take a wrecking ball to one of those auxiliary buildings. Uh most likely, as I mentioned, the the parade float building. The day that that happens, it's going to be absolute mayhem on this channel, you guys. This channel is that's going to become my entire personality. Not that the Coco construction hasn't already become my entire personality with regard to the construction videos. Then it's really going to be serious. just waiting for something else exciting to happen uh elsewhere around the park which has been not a lot. Um I don't know the I mean how exciting is going to be the the construction of the the new parking structure? I guess it is going to be exciting in terms of big picture in terms of the rest of what's going to be happening here at Disneyland, you know, over the course of the next decade or so because that is the that is the domino that has to that has to fall before anything else can happen. Objectively, I think that's that's the correct thinking. They can't do anything until they build another parking structure because they can't do Where are we? Okay, here we are. Yeah, right over here. This is the symbol and you can see a whole mess of cars here. Hey guys. Uh there's a whole bunch of cars here and you can't you can't build Disneyland forward. This is the future home of Frozen and Avatar if you ask me. Frozen and Avatar, not Zootopia. The rumor was anyway Frozen and Zootopia. This is the future home of those two lands. And you can't build that until you find a place to put all these cars. We did a video like two years ago, I think it was. Maybe not quite two years. uh what is uh what's real or I forget what it was, but it was about Disneyland forward. I'll put a link and we'll I'll do some highlights of uh you know what that video is about. But we we we tour every every potential site for Disneyland forward and that you know we start in there. We go across the way over to the uh down or the Disneyland hotel parking. Uh where else are we? We're in uh Toy Story parking lot. We're in Downtown Disney. Uh, it's a really, really informative video and most of my thinking from that day I think still holds. Uh, the only difference is I didn't really, we didn't really have any idea what they were going to build. I'm getting wordy here, but anyway, check that video out. Downtown Disney, uh, we've been watching this, you know, obviously Earls, etc. But one of the other things is the the evolution into that mid-century modern theme that they've been installing. You take a look at the concept art for Downtown Disney. And this particular image was one that I've been sort of waiting to see how this develops. There are two images that suggest a new entry. I had for the longest time assumed it was going to be this end of things from the downtown or from the Disneyland Hotel parking lot. I thought for the longest time that that's what this image was, but clearly it's not. Clearly, it's this new uh bag check area that they installed. It's been about a year now. That's what's that I'm bringing this concept art because a permit has been filed to install that sign. That Downtown Disney, the blue sign there through those trees. A permit has been issued to install that sign. And I think it's going right here. That's Earl Sandwich, the side of it. And just over those construction walls, you can see the breeze blocks that we haven't seen before. Well, I'm not sure if those have always been there or not, but now I'm noticing them. There are breeze blocks behind that construction wall. That is where they're going to be affixing that new Downtown Disney sign. It's going to complete that evolution of the of the new entry from the Pixar Place Hotel. They are not updating the down or the Disneyland Hotel entrance, which is very plain looking. It's it's probably the the the weakest, lamest bag check you've ever seen. If they're not updating that one, that still looks like a '9s Downtown Disney. They're only updating the new one that was built. I hope that they changed their mind on that. Let's get into Downtown Disney. Look, it's the Montreal. Beautiful. Quick check on the bucket. It's still there. That bucket has moved from our last update, but that's because of the winds that were here before. Still no movement here in general uh on this site, the old Tortilla Joe's. There is an there's a problem. There's definitely a problem here. We just don't know what it is. Pandora is closed. That's getting a remodel. And we've got some major action here at the new or the future Porto site. The the excavators are back. Last week, we saw an excavator that it looked like it was filling, but that was on the far right end of this construction site. These guys are in the middle. And I feel like those guys are bigger than they were last time, right? Those are bigger uh excavators than before. And you can tell plainly that they are digging. These guys are digging and and doing so with aggression if I do say try to get a closer look. Look at man. There's just There you go. See, he's dumping dirt. That was He picked that up. He's grabbing soil from the ground here and then he's dumping it. So before it they were taking they were taking some kind of material out of a out of a truck and putting it down. This guy's definitely digging dirt. >> That looks like actual digging. It looks like some hardcore digging, man. What are they doing back there? So, so far an action-packed week. I can't believe how well this is going. We've even got uh something interesting to look at at the Avengers Infinity Defense construction site in Avengers Campus. As we curl around, you'll be able to see in just a minute. That's a new development. I'm going to talk about that in a second. Hang in there for that. We'll be back in a minute. Let's go check in on Grizzly River Run, which walls are down. It's actually open. This was the first day, the official first reopening date. It was so right. They We went from no date at all to it's open just like they did for Big Thunder. Looks great. It wasn't open when we arrived. They hadn't opened yet and it was about 10:00 a.m. I think when we got here, but the river obviously is full of water and it's it's ready to go. Uh they just hadn't opened yet. They were having some technical difficulty, which is common after an attraction goes down for, you know, a long refurb. It is often the case that it has, you know, it struggles to reopen a little bit. So, I'm not worried about that. Uh, one thing I can say though is that there are no geysers on at this time, which also is not uncommon for them to wait to turn the geysers on. I tried to inquire about the geysers. I tried to ask around, but uh it's it's no committed answers whether or not that's going to happen today. It is typical though for the geysers not to be uh to not operate while the attraction is not operating, you know. So when it's in a state like this, right, where the it hasn't opened yet, but they so they don't turn up the geysers on sometimes until the attraction does open. Having said that, I'm not confident I'm not confident that it's going to open today or that the geysers will be on today. just heard ops get on the speaker and now I'm hearing the the chains moving. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. You see rafts are about ready to get into the into the river. So, uh they're starting to test which is good. You can hear that now, right? Man, I missed that sound. So, they'll cycle. Oh, they've got uh they have uh those test weights. Yeah. You can see on that one the very the the lead raft. It's got those white plastic whatever. They're weighted. Oh, no. Those aren't the ones going in the water. These are the ones going in the water. Okay. So, the the test ones are not in the water. So, it is regular empty rafts going in now. There we go. One's going up. One's going up. All right, that's a great start, guys. Emotional whirlwind. It's still closed. We called it last week. So, they're giving us a date. It was supposed to It was supposed to reopen on the 23rd. It did not. It's still closed. And we'll see what the calendar says in a minute. Uh it's a complete mystery here what's going on. We have no idea. The only thing I can say is that there's some materials down there. That stuff which we saw last week, those are still there. I have to think those were parts from the actual ride vehicles or something to that effect. I think they've stripped it and they're trying trying to work on it in some way. Uh but still no no idea when this thing might reopen. Even if there is a date, I don't trust it. I won't trust it until it's actually open. Jumping jellyfish. Interesting situation. They have switched It was the right ride vehicle that was closed and behind scrim and scaffold. They have reop they have opened the right side and now closed the left side. That one now is probably getting an identical update. Let's get back on the Pixar palan to see what's happening backstage. We talked. Okay, we're going to get there. But here's the view of uh Avengers Infinity defense from the Pixar Palaround, which is, you know, about the same as I I can't see. It's too We're too far away. We're too far away. We're high enough to see, but we're too far away to see. I can't zoom in close enough. Grandpa might, you know, maybe I have to I mentioned that before. I might have to try to break Grandpa out of retirement. See, it's not. He's broken. Grandpa's broken. He's got a bad hip. So, I don't know if he's going to work or not, but maybe I put him in the backpack and see what happens. So, let's get over to Avengers Infinity Defense where we're going to check in first. We're going to go into the Ancient Sanctum. And you can see over the on the other side of the Sanctum wall, that's the restroom that they're building. Uh but a new development here. What they're building back there on either side looks to have mesh applied, which means they're going to apply some sort of uh rock work or or faux concrete, you know, surface on that building. So, it's going to it's going to be thematically correct for Avengers Campus. It's going to match. It's going to blend with the Ancient Sanctum. Looking at Avengers Infinity Defense now. Okay. So, I'm focused on those structural braces there. The X right there, that's that's earthquake. That's California earthquake preparedness, right? But what's new is the fact that they have now these yellow like bullse eyes. In this clip from last week, you can see obviously the cross braces there, the the earthquake braces, but the but the bullseye is not there. It's there, but it has it hasn't gotten the color. It's not a bright yellow and black. So, I asked Claude, I said, "Claude, what does that mean?" And Claude said uh that once it once the those braces uh arrive at a certain point in the construction process, in this case high strength bolts that are tightened to to to spec, they paint those lines so that if anything should happen between now and you know a future stage of construction, you'll see that things are no longer aligned the way they should be. If anything rotates or loosens, the line breaks and it becomes visually apparent. Cool. Assuming cool that Claude is not hallucinating. I'm hoping he's not. Uh so that's really interesting that that they've achieved that that level of evolvement into this building. Uh my my suspicion is that that could be a signal that they're you know that that's a sign that we're going into another stage of development. By the way, on my way into Avengers Campus, I saw this interesting scene play out here uh with the Spider-Man stunt show. You guys know how they did it. When I arrived, he was just doing his uh his thing. But watch this. High five. High five. That's new. >> They have uh they stopped us here for him to do that. Okay. Uh they stopped us here for them to do that little high five thing like they organized they broke the crowd uh or they paused the crowd and they held us there and then he comes out do his little number. That's a new that's a new choreography out there too. Uh queuing the the pose with the music and everything that's new. That is extra over by Mission Breakout. We can see that the the new table the new seating area that they've developed here is getting use that just like I was talking about with regard to Adal Vice. Mission Breakout is still running just two elevators. Busy again today, but not quite as busy as it was last week. We are only in double bonus, not triple bonus this week. Uh, and then we just got a couple more odds and ends here. Here's we're back on Main Street in Disneyland. Something that I've been watching the the Main Street Opera House to see uh when the situation changes. Right now, they're doing still doing morning Walt Disney evening Lincoln if I'm not mistaken. But watch that sign. When the sign shifts from shows today to saying something like actual show times, 10:00 a.m., 11:00 a.m., 12 p.m., that kind of thing. Once you see those dates or those times, that's when the two shows will start alternating a little bit. Perhaps you'll go Walt one show, then Lincoln, then Walt, then Lincoln. But what for as long as it says shows today, that means that they're doing morning I think morning shows for Walt, Lincoln shows in the evening. Uh, Main Street shops are still behind Scrim and Scaffold. Not much to report here, although we could hear a few things when we walked by >> and then we'll wrap in Adventureland. Jungle Cruise still closed. No date that we are aware of at the moment. Uh, and it looks like things are in a pretty much the same state as we left them. the the scrim is still up, but I have not been able to spot anything behind those scrims or behind the construction walls as something that we can say, hey, they're working on that. There's still obviously water in the river. The boats are still stacked up there uh at the at the dock, but uh and all the scrimming, all the scaffold is still present, although I feel like they are probably getting close to done. Meanwhile, next door Indiana Jones, same exact situation here. Uh the the scrimmage scaffold is still up, but there's been no movement, no action here at all. I'm almost 100% positive that they haven't done a darn thing in at least two or three weeks. This is exactly how it looks every time I come through here. No change. The last thing that changed is when they put those those planks down, those wooden planks around the uh where that exit sign is and uh and they covered up what was the the rotted wood before. the only thing that's the last time anything happened here that I could visually point at and say that's a thing. With that, let's take a look at the reverb calendar. Jungle Cruise, as we mentioned, is closed. Still no date yet, but that doesn't mean anything because apparently those the the reopening dates don't matter. We never saw one for Grizzly Riverr Run. Uh Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin closing on March 30th. That's Monday. That's the day you guys watch this. No known date yet on that. So, we're looking at at least a month, probably. Same thing for the Montreal closing on Monday on the 30th. No known date. That sounds like a while. Um, if it's anything under a month, we would see a return date here based on the reverb calendar dates. Buzz Lightyear closing on April 13th. No known date there. Pirates of the Caribbean closing on May 4th for an unknown reverb for an unknown amount of time. I know people are going to be asking me this. I'm going to do my best to try to find out what the what the schedule is for Pirates. Uh how long it'll be closed. I know you guys want to know. We're going to we're going to do our best to find out. And obviously if Pirates closed, so too is the Blue Bayou closing on May 4th. Meanwhile, at DCA, well, hey, we just it's just closed. They they have no date. Uh it's just closed. It's been closed. Well, the date they put on there was March 26, which means that they said it was open. uh which it was not. It's never been open. It's been a while. We're going to keep our eyes and ears open for that. Toy Story closing on April 6. Again, I'm going to try to figure out what that is and when it might reopen, but no known date as of now. And then, uh, Silly Symphony closing on April 27th. No known date on that as well. That's our report this week, guys. I thank you so much for watching and listening. Thank you again. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. and fresh baked.
