---
video_id: 5wV45ZU76R4
channel: FreshBaked
title: "The Discounted Ticket effect is REAL!! | State of Disneyland 2026-03-16"
published: 2026-03-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wV45ZU76R4
---
You guys remember the 3-day California park hopper ticket, the discounted ticket? Are people buying it? Yeah, the [music] park is packed. While tickets and reservations are nearly sold out, people are loving Disneyland at about half the price. It's our state of Disneyland report and this is [music] FreshBaked. I have a feeling this day is going to be a true mystery, a true gift. I have no idea what I just said in my intro cuz I don't know what to expect today. But just grabbing the b-roll just now on Main Street was an adventure that I was not prepared for. Let's get that vibe check. >> [music] >> To the point that I'm not sure if this camera is going to be able to communicate what I just saw or maybe maybe not even you know it's just a few moments later >> [laughter] >> you know am I going to be able to translate what I saw onto film? This is the the the main entrance was was quite busy after you scan in. Town Square was I don't think I've ever seen that many people at Town Square in one second or in one moment. And Main Street Disneyland obviously is packed. Thank you guys for joining us on this state of Disneyland report. I am your host David and for those of you who are new to the show or new to the format, we are going to take a complete tour around Disneyland. We're going to go to every land. We're going to look in on every attraction and we're going to talk about what we find along the way. We're going to talk about what's new or newsworthy along those attraction routes etc. We're going to do a little park science. Probably get something to eat. We're even going to talk about the Toy Story bus line which we have some news on that as well. But for all intents and purposes, what we're going to do over the next hour plus is to give you the most up-to-date best idea of what is currently happening here at the Disneyland Resort. What is the state of Disney right now. >> [music] >> And that includes this magnificent scene here on Main Street and I do have to confirm that in this moment this is about half the crowd it seems like of what I saw earlier when I was walking down Main Street and approaching the hub. It is kerbonkers here at 11:17 in the morning right now. Let's go ahead and stop right here though while we're on Main Street to talk about the Main Street refer that's happening right now. These the the building facades are behind scrim and scaffold right now. In previous weeks there was the brown scaffold and then actually before that we could even see or along with that we could even see what they were actually doing. The the wear and tear that they were they were fixing on those buildings. All the all the adornments you know all the little naming touches etc. were taken off the facades and they're updating those and they're repainting things. We even saw the old Carnation Company sign here 2 weeks ago. It was incredible. They have replaced those brown scrims with a themed the the the thematically correct scrims which is something that I've observed in the past where for some reason they'll they'll put up the brown ones first or the green ones depending on where they're at and then they replace them a week or so later with the updated ones. Yeah, I just turned around to take a picture. Hi guys. I just turned around to take a picture with a fan and oh my god look at this. This is a little bit more like what I was seeing before when I was getting my b-roll. Just the scene out here. I'm not sure I mean it's definitely is busier for sure. There I'm wondering if maybe some of that effect is people are not getting up on the on the curbs like they might normally because of the refer but I don't think so. I think this is just pure mayhem. Everybody's here celebrating St. Patrick's Day perhaps. By the way this does reconcile with what we saw last week when we did state of DCA. It was busier than I had expected. It was more consistent. Often it is the case where we'll start out busy and then it gets slow or vice versa. Sometimes we start out really slow and then it gets really busy. It was consistent all day at DCA last Monday. So we'll we'll see if that narrative stays in effect but that's not all we're going to be talking about. As much as I do like to talk about crowds, we got more to discuss. Let's tour around the hub and get caught up on a few things. Should I want to take a quick check on this tip board right here without looking at the app. Bobsleds are an hour. Right now it's 11 something 11:15 Indiana Jones is 75. Big Thunder 60. Star Wars is 85. Now we got to wait. Dumbo [laughter] holy crap. Dumbo are you kidding? Gadget's is 40. Tiana's is 75. It's warm out today. It's going to be 90. My goodness. Something else we could be talking about today is this this bonkers weather that we're having. It's been 90 like consistently. Every now and then it'll drop down to 75 for a few days and then it's back to 90 again in March. We're not supposed to get 90s until August. I I kid you not even you want to say oh no summer June July. No dude. June and July are often very mild here. The real hot the real high temperatures don't get here typically until late July, August and September and then it carries on often into October, November. I have spent many you know Thanksgiving weeks here in 80 90 degree temperatures. Seeing 90s here in March is this I can't even like like I want to they should make a movie about this there's global warming or something. I don't know what but it is just incredibly incredibly hot and it will be this way for a few days still and then it's going to drop down to 75 again the way it should be. The perfect spring weather. I go on and on about how perfect spring weather is normally here. It's not this year man. Not this year. There's another scene for you out in front of Sleeping Beauty Castle. And here again on this part of the hub normally this is quite quiet. You know lots of wide open spaces when we come through here on our way to Adventureland. Not the case today at what is now 11:21. Now let's get this show started. Feel like Kermit the Frog right now. We're going to get this show started in Adventureland. Looks like that theme is going to continue here right here at least. I'm already having a challenge getting [laughter] just to the threshold into the land. Now I do expect though I would think for it to be maybe not quite as busy as the rest of the park cuz they're down an attraction as you can see coming around that corner right there. Still closed Jungle Cruise is and for an Hi guys. And for an indeterminate amount of time as of today we still don't know what the reopening date is though my suspicion is it's going to be something like another month or so. It's already been about a month. Yeah, so I'm thinking you know yeah 2 months or so. Still no clue what they're doing inside there. I've been able to get the camera in there a little bit from time to time to see you know people moving around so there is active work being happening out here even. But I do believe there's also some work happening on the in the river itself. There have been some issues with the track for example where vehicles have been Hi guys. How are you? Some of the boats have been you know leaving the track consistently in a certain spot so we'll we'll we'll see if we can figure that out in the future when we get back on. Look at this queue here. It's coming through here in Indy Go and it said 75 minutes. It's now saying where's that sign? I don't know where that 80. It's saying 80 now so it's got I'm working on some digital guides. I've written the digital guide for Indiana Jones. We're not we're going to publish them at a later date all at the same time but in that digital guide you will learn that if you see this this I'm not giving away too much I don't think. >> [laughter] >> If you see this out here in front of Indiana Jones just go ahead and come back later. Can't get much worse than that right? So if you come back you're not risking too much but there are a lot of people right now just eager. I know it's people just flowing into this queue. They're eager to get into that 75 80 minute queue. I want to find out how real that is. Let's go investigate. Actually now that I think about it there's probably not not a lot to investigate because we can see the back of the queue right here but it no it is always my recommendation if you're ever wondering if you should get into the Indiana Jones queue, you should go check out the back of the queue on the back side as you near the exit. But since the back of the queue is out here, I'm going to assume that this this section back here is going to be completely full but we're going to come back here just just in case. But of course yes, it is completely bonkers back here. It is full as can be. Let's see how they're moving though. That's a good indicator by the way. Okay, so let's just say you want to go ahead and give it a shot this 80 minute queue which I would not recommend but let's just say you're here and you're pot committed and you're like well, you know I don't want to come back later. Come back here at least and look to see how much movement there is in the queue. We did a whole video. I believe it's called the one tip video. The one thing that I want you to learn and understand about going to Disneyland. The one thing is to look at the texture of a queue that you're interested in getting in. Are they standing still or are they moving kind of free at least kind of freely in the queue? Are you seeing more than one batch of guests moving at a time? There's always going to be some kind of movement but if you see the movement way up there and then nothing else back here that's a bad sign. They're mostly posted. This sign or this queue while not moving very freely, there is some movement. We can see movement up there. We can see movement right here. We can see movement right there and a little bit right here. I'd like to see it moving more. I would like to see it look more like a river than a gently frolicking stream perhaps, but this is a positive sign in some small way that you might expect this queue to be less than 80 minutes. I have gotten in this queue once before when it was out there just, you know, for science. Uh and I you know, I I waited up there in the Jungle Cruise dock there. I had to cross the street as we're going to see. This section here. I I I I did all that up there and I had to cross the street, which uh they're doing now. They are crossing the street. And I did all that in 60 minutes. So, and that's still a long time, but it's not 80 and I suspected by the looks of that queue back there, it's probably not going to be I'm not going to I'm not sure if that's going to make any of these guests feel better. I don't know, but hopefully it will. Uh 60 minutes is better than 80, I guess. This is looking pretty intense right here as well. My gosh. Oh, there's Jack Sparrow, I'm sorry. Captain Jack Sparrow. Where's all the rum gone? Uh okay, so looks like there's some uh guests up there on the bridge, but they're moving pretty well. So, I like the looks of that for Pirates of the Caribbean. You never have to worry about Pirates. Now that they've taken Lightning Lane down, this is just an absolute always a go, never a not go, always go, never know kind of situation. Uh I'm never concerned about Pirates no matter what the rest of the park looks like, no matter what this queue, no matter what the Pirates queue looks like, I'm getting in it if I want to go. It says 45 minutes right now, which is shocking uh for Pirates considering how efficient it is, but it's doubtful that it's going to be a real 45 minutes. You can get from where those guests are right there at that point down here into the into the uh primary queue down there inside and onto your boat in about 15 minutes. Be less than that actually. I did this recently. I I did a Pirates test or whatever and from about that point, I think I got it I was at my boat in 12 or 13 minutes. So, it it's pretty breezy. So, let's just say we call that 20 because they're using all of it back there. They're using quite a bit of it. Hi guys. Uh but they are over here in an extended queue. This is, you know, we're starting to get into the OMG type levels. We are at OMG levels here in general, I would say at Disneyland. Uh everywhere we go, we're probably going to be seeing OMG crowds uh until further notice. But this isn't still as bad as it could be. Uh I'm giving this another 15 minutes out here. Even, you know, another these little extra switchbacks. It's It's They're extending it. It looks like they're extending it all the way down to Tiana's where it meets the Haunted Mansion queue at times. But it's moving really briskly there. But again, it it doesn't really even matter. It doesn't even really matter. I'm getting that queue 10 out of 10 times given the current uh state of the of the park today. That's still going to be the best discount you get all day and one of the best rides, I don't mind saying. So, that's good news today for those guests who are here in the park today, Pirates of the Caribbean. Still a discount. I got more good news. I'm now facing [music] the Fantasmic stage. Uh what Well, that's all it is now. You guests can't still Guests are not able to uh even if you get on the island, you can't get on that stage, but I was looking at the uh entertainment calendar and good news, Fantasmic is now as of this Friday, not right now, but as of this coming Friday in about uh well, 2 days from when you see this video, Fantasmic will be on well, what appears to be a nightly schedule again. It's been weekends only for a little while, mostly due to the fact that they've been trying to take it easy on the show because it's going it's been going through some things for years now. I mean, not not just not just Murphy, not just the dragon, beyond that as well. There's issues in the water. There's issues with uh where they do, [music] you know, the fountains and everything down there. There's all kinds of issues here. Uh but that's, you know, they've been working on that. They've been trying to, you know, sort of take it easy on Fantasmic, [music] but they are back to a nightly schedule for the spring uh for the spring season and hopefully into the summer season as well. Uh same thing is true for fireworks. Fireworks have been weekends [music] only post the holidays. Uh but as of this Friday, you will be able to see it's wondrous still, but fireworks will be showing [music] with wondrous every day, Monday through Friday Monday through Sunday. Whereas again, that was weekends only and the weekdays it was just uh projections only. You will get pyro on a Tuesday now. It's just That's great news if you ask me. It's amazing. Which especially for those Fantasmic fans who watch the show, you know, they'll they'll post up here or down here and they'll watch Fantasmic and then they'll just stay here and watch the fireworks over Big Thunder. You're going to be able to do that again as of Friday. And I I just I think that's great. I think that's it's a little earlier than I was expecting. I I would have I would not have been surprised if they waited until summer, but they're doing it now and obviously they're recognizing that the parks are [music] packed. Hi guys. Hey, how are you guys? >> [laughter] >> Uh they're obviously aware of how busy people, you know, the park is right now. They they see the numbers and they want to they want to It's what we've been talking about in terms of trying to create a better experience for guests, trying to make you know, cuz there's nothing sucks more than, you know, coming all the way across the country to get here on a Tuesday and not to see pyro or Fantasmic. It's understandable of course cuz things happen, things break down, rides break down, shows don't happen, but it's great that they they are making it work. They're they're giving it a go, you know, and I I I like to see that. Hopefully, we're not that far off from a full full Fantasmic. My goodness. I didn't comment on it because it didn't happen when I was there, but when I'm done making this point, a full Fantasmic show with Murphy, with the dragon, I'm hoping by next spring, by 2027. We would have heard of we would have heard by now if they were going to have it this year. I think that they would have made an announcement at some point, but I'm hoping by next year. Now, look at this. Checking out the Pirates queue, I said this is about where it almost touches the Haunted Mansion queue when it's busy. Uh and but I I I thought to myself, well, that's not happening right now. Haunted Mansion is not that busy. Uh yeah, it is as a matter of fact, it is that busy. We you can't tell right now because I'm in a sea of guests, but right here, I have they they are touching. This right here is the back of the Haunted Mansion queue. I am now in. I'm in the Haunted Mansion queue now. One of these days I have to do this test. I have to know. Maybe I could figure out just how I can maybe I can watch this part of the queue and see how long it takes for this queue to get into the threshold, but uh that's the back of Pirates right there and this is the back of Haunted Mansion. They are They they sometimes they'll they'll get out here into the walkway, uh but this is quite a nightmare and hopefully uh Disney has uh you know, accounted for all that with the uh greenhouse back there. They have not. I'm going to go ahead and get out of here, but I am going to Hold on. I'm going to get a clock started. Let's see. What they need to do is not much. They are at max capacity by the by the looks of things. One thing that they can do to relieve this pressure is set up the temporary queue out here. Get out here. Get some Get some masking tape. Some green masking tape and put down a queue out here and they could put out 100 guests out here. And it looks like she is actually doing exactly that. She's got the green masking tape in her hand. They are about to run. They are That's fascinating. You guys, I come to this park way too much that I can easily spot when it's time for them to do that. Uh they're going to open these gates up right here and run this queue. Hi guys. Uh they're going to run this queue out and down the hill a little bit and out there towards the fountain and uh they're going to do that right now because what they don't want is a bunch of people intersecting with guests who are trying to get into Tiana's or trying to get over here or maybe just trying to get to New Orleans Square back that way somehow. Uh when I was standing in line, I had a bunch of guests they they were trying to get through and they couldn't. It was difficult. So, you want to get these guests out of here as quickly as possible. This is a bad look. Uh and but it's just busy. It's just packed. Let's get back to science, my favorite thing. We're going to do a little math. We're going to do a little a little get in the lab right now and we're going to watch and see how long it takes this this queue to get into the threshold cuz that's really the goal. You want to get this queue. You know, how how much extra is that? How much extra is that? You We can We can measure all the sections inside the queue all day, but this is wild space. It's hard to measure wild space cuz you just you go anywhere. Not to mention that it is scary as heck when you when you see the queue out here like, "Oh my gosh, that's they're going to be a disaster." It's going to be an absolute disaster. The posted wait time, by the way, we didn't get the notice is the 75 minutes right now. It is posted 75 minutes and I am once more I am a an hindrance to this traffic flow. All these guests are just trying to go around me and I'm being an idiot just standing there. So, I'm going to get out of the way a little bit. Uh let's see. It has been so far 3 minutes. And the back of the queue This is where I was standing right here. That's where I was. I was right here. Uh 3 minutes it took for that queue to get from the Tiana that planner over there across from Tiana's took 3 minutes for that queue to get in here, which is not that bad. So, take a peek over here. We can come down the way a little bit. Pop our head through the gate to see how many guests are coming through Lightning Lane and back of that line is anywhere outside of that rear area back there, the crypt. If it's If the lightning lane is touching or alongside the pet cemetery, that's kind of bad. And the further, you know, the closer it gets to the door, that's really bad. But right now, the lightning lane is moving very smoothly. There's I'm not seeing a lot of interference here. This is great for standby, and you can kind of tell. Look how quickly they're moving down this section here, how well they're moving here. This kind of goes along with what we're talking about Indiana Jones. This standby queue is moving quite well. Uh is you know, it was only 3 minutes to get to the threshold. I'm calling this 40 45 minutes, maybe. Assuming there's no further interference with lightning lane, assuming it stays the way it is. Now, it seems wild to say, get in a 75-minute queue, but I'm getting into that queue right now. If I have a a plan or a desire to ride Haunted Mansion on this particular day, the way it is constituted, that's a go situation for me. Uh also consider that this that is the ideal execution of the opposite trick. Do the opposite. That's what we have a video out, uh eight the top eight expert hacks, I think I called it. Uh hopefully I can get a link or something in there. Uh What you want to find are calls to action to stay away. Situation people see 75 minutes for Haunted Mansion, I'm like, I'm not getting down there. No, let's just not even go in that neighborhood. We're not even going to New Orleans Square. Let's stay here in Fantasyland. Let's stay here in Tomorrowland. But that's the kind of situation where you want to you you want the posted wait time to do its job and scare people away from getting in the queue. Uh the second they bring it down, though, that's when you stay away. So, if you see, for example, on a super busy day, if the opposite were true, if it said 30 minutes at Haunted Mansion, it's too late. That's the opposite. Stay away from that queue. Don't get in that queue. Because everybody saw that as a call to action to get in the queue. Hopefully you follow. So, 75 minutes is an absurd amount of time for Haunted Mansion. So high, it is one of those queues where, you know, it's self-regulating. People just say automatic, I'm not getting in that queue. They're more willing to get into an Indiana Jones queue at 75 minutes than they are a Haunted Mansion queue. So, that's why you're seeing it, you know, quickly, you know, moving through the queue because people aren't getting in right now. So, that was That's a lot of science. That's a lot of guests. That's a lot of people. Uh and we've been talking and going and I'm going to take a I'm going to take a breather here for a second. And uh we're going to we're going to take a quick break. We're going to slow it down a notch. We'll be here to the secret path. Look at that. Got some technicians on the on uh Columbia. I almost called it the Fantasmic ship. I don't I don't know if that's No, there's no Fantasmic show tonight. So, they cuz often you'll see them out here getting ready. But that's later in the afternoon. It's still just Is it even 1:00? It's No, it's it's noon. It's not even It's just noon now. Uh so, that's the refurb work that they're doing. Maybe maybe maybe improving it, maybe making the uh Columbia better ready, better prepared for the onslaught of Fantasmic showings that they may be having soon, starting Friday. That's an empty. I was going to wait I was going to hope to see some screamers, but that was an empty boat. There's another empty boat right there. I wonder if they're adding more boats into the rotation because it's so busy. That is not an empty, but that's an empty here, and there should be another empty coming down. There goes a group of manned guest-filled There it is. There's the empty. Hey guys, how are you? How's it going? There we go. They didn't scream, though, but they're happy. This is the happy place, after all. Oh my god, now those guys are screaming. Geez Louise. Did you guys hear that? Did you hear that? Let's just see how Oh. Oh. Excellent. Excellent. That's how you ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure right there, you guys. That's how you do it. Well done. That is one of the best sounds, one of my favorite things. It's just watching, seeing, hearing people having a good time at Disneyland, enjoying themselves, emoting, expressing, you know, seeing people scream and having a good time. That's what it's all about. That's why I love uh uh the Pixar Pier now. Where I didn't like the Pixar Pier before, now I just love going in that area, specifically so I can hear and see everybody just really having a good time. I just love that sound. I guess Bayou Country's next, but my goodness, do you guys see that? All those guests down there? I think I'm going to keep taking a break. They come and extend my break. I'm going to head to the Hungry Bear Barbecue to get some lunch. Disneyland is packed today. A Hungry Bear is packed today. I grabbed whatever table I could find. Luckily, I found something here in the shade a little bit, but it's in a very busy section of >> [laughter] >> the see area. A place that I pretty much never sit at. I normally am way back in there to get a little bit more, you know, quiet, but no chance. I sat where immediately where I could. Okay, so what are we getting into today? Well, we're going to try something that I haven't tried since this place first uh converted from regular Hungry Bear to the Hungry Bear Jamboree Barbecue. A Hungry Bear Barbecue Jamboree. And I'm fully expecting guests to be popping in and out of frame here all day. Uh we'll see how long I can manage that, but I I opted for the smoked beef brisket sandwich. That's the tangy barbecue sauce, pickled red onions, and pickled jalapeños with beer-battered fries, which I opted out of. Trying to, you know, be a little bit more might I'm trying not to eat fried foods if I can help it. Uh so, I got the coleslaw instead, which you can change it to coleslaw or mandarin oranges. And this is said beef brisket sandwich. I have to say, that is a very uh liberal amount of beef brisket. That is a lot. It's a little light on the sauce, but we're going to give this a shot just the same. Ready for that? Cheers, Fresh Baked. Well, first bite, probably not the best bite. The brisket was a little fatty. You can see kind of that right here. If that's a fatty chunk right there, we just go ahead and not eat that. Let's just try the brisket as is. Go for it, yeah. What do you mean? I got Oh, thank you guys. Thank you. Surrounded. This is going to be very difficult to eat and do a show. But that bite wasn't bad. But that bite wasn't too bad. Not quite as bad as it It could use a little bit more barbecue sauce. I kind of like mine heavy. I happen to get some. This is the regular tangy barbecue sauce. And it's quite good here. I love the barbecue sauce. It's good on everything. Yeah. There's a whole bunch of um chair roulette happening out here. People are just in search of extra chairs to sit in. Let me try that again. This thing is it falls apart quite easily. It's difficult to eat. I want to get some of that jalapeño in there. Do you guys see that one? That's the bite I want to get into. Still a little fatty. There's a lot of fat on this brisket, but I mean, that's to be expected. Ribs tend to have that. Well, not ribs, but brisket, I should say, tends to be fatty, especially in high-capacity dining locations like this. We're going to try the spicy. Mhm. Not going to lie. Those sides Those sauces are really, really delicious. One more bite. Still working on that jalapeño. There's lots of those, by the way. I can just grab one if I wanted, but I want to get that bite in there. The flavor with the brisket by itself and with the sauce, both are pretty good. It's better with the sauce. I do remember, by the way, when I got this, cuz I just mentioned I haven't had this since this place first reopened. It's been a long time. I've been, you know, going through rotations. But it's better tasting than I remember. I remember not liking it or caring for it that much. Let's try that. This is the uh the golden barbecue. No. That's okay. But no. So, I am going to now finish off and just go ahead and put the whole sandwich under some barbecue so I can really enjoy it. Much, much better. Amazing. By the way, I forgot. You got to get into some of this coleslaw. It's a it's a vinegary as opposed to a creamy coleslaw, a conservative amount where the brisket is liberal. There's a lot of it here. Not a lot of sauce on uh on this coleslaw. Although, I suppose you don't want a vinegary slaw to be too heavy on that. Cheers. The coleslaw here is quite good. And yeah, it's modest. Enough to make a difference where you can taste it. Enough where you can enjoy the actualness dressing, but not so much that it overpowers. The coleslaw is nice. I've been watching the back of the queue. I was timing to see how long that that There was a huge queue. I didn't show it to you guys. That's right. I didn't show it to you guys. There was a huge queue for standby for, you know, rather than mobile order. It was down near the bottom of the ramp. And I was curious to see how long it took and how long it took. And I'm I'm watching and I think Yeah, the back of the queue that I was watching just arrived to the window to order. And it has been 18 minutes and 33 seconds. That's not bad. I would have thought it would take longer than that. I would you know, I think I remember thinking that would be something like 30, 40 minutes. But about 20 minutes By the time they place their order it will have been I think it will have been about 20 minutes. So not bad. I would say this has been an improvement over our first adventure with the beef brisket sandwich. Considering the environment, considering everything I I actually had kind of an enjoyable lunch. I am literally surrounded though by people watching me eat. Which is, you know, I don't know if you know me or well, but that's kind of awkward for me, but Yeah, I'm going to give this probably a four out of five with the coleslaw. [music] They do have by the way steak and not steak fries. They're the beer battered fries like you get with the fish and chips. But I would I would have given a higher rate. But that's a little fatty. But that's like I said to be expected. So four out of five all in on the beef brisket sandwich. Cheers for steak. Let's get back to work. Wow, things have not improved much since we sat down. I I just passed the back of the queue for standby at Critter Country or Hungry Bear. And look at the crowd here is still in play in Bayou Country. I'm looking across the way at a 75-minute wait. My goodness. Before we get into some more park signs, before we start investigating that queue, let me go ahead and do a shameless plug. Part of when I was shooting my lunch up there, I did a little check-in with our memberships and Patreon. I'm making a video as I as I go around the park today updating you with things on sort of a personal nature. Check that out. You guys it's part of our memberships program here or you can go to Patreon if you prefer that. It's just So far we've been putting up the same videos on both situations, but I want to invite you guys to join that because I've waited a long time to start promoting. We've had Patreon forever. But I've waited a long time to start promoting it. I've I've never really put any much because I didn't feel like I was putting up enough content. But we're putting up a lot of stuff lately. A lot of content here on memberships or on Patreon. So check that out and there should be a link in the description or something like that or go to patreon.com/freshbaked. As for that 75-minute queue, the one good thing I guess we can say is that they haven't broken containment. They haven't left the threshold. But this is just a lot of people. Wow. I mean it is Let's see. What is it right now? 86°. But Hi guys. How are you? They are This is the back of the queue right here. So they're just about So when you start seeing the queue get out like this, that's just pretty much, you know, don't come in here. Get away. Skip it. Come back another time. You can't do much worse than this. It can't get much worse than getting in the queue right here. This is not a situation that I recommend you getting into. There are situations like Haunted Mansion, you know, where you kind of I have no positive vibes coming out of this queue right now. When I see a queue just posted in there in the garden like that. When I see that situation, it makes me very, very nervous. I have spent many, many tens of minutes just standing there against the wall. And I I I said tens of minutes, that sounds like I'm being facetious. But literally I I have There have been cases right here when I was at, you know, getting into the garden where I was posted right there and I did not move. Literally did not move at all for 8 minutes. I was standing still for 8 Well, 8 minutes, eight explicative minutes. It was insane. And it And it didn't get any better. It kept being like that later, you know, we would keep stopping like that. And then it broke down. So I I would say queue like this just, you know, just try to find another opportunity. Come back, you know, when it gets started. People don't like Tiana's for whatever reason when it's dark even on a warm day. I'd hear though single rider, that's a good option. The math is pretty good for single rider on Tiana's. It's pretty busy though. That's two switchbacks there and possibly more. I mean that's about as long a single rider queue as I've seen for Tiana's in my life. But it's still better than standby. You get a pretty good You get a pretty good return on this. Although they just sent a batch. Wow. Meanwhile, extended one, yes, and extended two. There's just no good news coming out of here. There's extended one. And they are in fact into extended two. I have only ever seen extended two in play on the absolute worst of days. It is only on the absolute busiest, worst of days do you see guests out here in extended two. And today is one of those days. Pretty sure this is the busiest day of the year 2016, which is not saying a lot, but still it's something. This is the busiest day of the year in 2016. And to be honest, I don't remember it being this busy at any point really during the holidays either. I can't I mean I guess there might have been a couple days here and there that approach, but this is just absolute nuts. Just had a thought. Something I was meaning to talk to Hi. How are you guys? Something I was meaning to talk about earlier. I This very likely is the California discount ticket, the three-day park hopper that they're selling for just about half price. And you can see that in the calendar. But first of all, you I already knew before even looked at the California discount ticket, before even looked at that calendar, I knew it was going to be bad because today is sold out for single day tickets. Regular single day and multi-day tickets are sold out. But look at that three-day park hopper ticket. I hope you guys made reservations. That is There's four days open out of the last 15. That's incredible, right? Because it was wide open when they first started selling these, obviously. But I've been waiting for that to happen. Been wondering how effective it has been. It Well, the truth is is it's been very effective. And that's proof that they're they're sold out. They're selling out, you guys. They're selling out of the three-day park hopper. That's got to be That's got to be That's got to I can't even get across the street. Oh my god. I don't want to put them on a camera, but I would They were wearing gear. They're She's wearing a park signs shirt. Oh my god, I'm so happy. Miserrating about the crowds here. Where was I? Okay, so the three-day park hopper is absolutely having an effect on these crowds. If they're selling out of those tickets and the single day ticket is sold out. By the way, I didn't even look at the Let me see. Oh. You know, it's not bad actually. It's park key. Today and tomorrow are are blocked or or sold out. And then a little bit of the weekends, but there's actually dates. So it's It's It's not having the I don't know, man. I may have to rethink my theory on this, but it's not impacting lightning or the magic keys as badly as I thought. They're actually It's It's affecting single or single day tickets more than anything. It's incredible. Incredible the changes happened to this park in the past couple days, in the past couple weeks really. And it's I think it's almost entirely due to that cuz now is the time. People are like, are you telling me I can buy that three-day ticket and use it in spring? Really? All right, I'll do it. We got one more. For Soarin. We did the three-day park hopper again. Hopefully we're going to have a chance to maybe to take her to the solution. That'd be cool. Anyway. Let's go to Galaxy's Edge. The family that I was talking to that was repping the FreshBaked gear said it was an hour and a half for Rise. And if you see guests out here in section four, that would not surprise me one bit. It's been a little while since we've seen them in section four, am I right? That's the That's our second no go, third no go, right? Indiana was kind of a no go. Tiana's was a no go. Rise is a no go, but You know, I I could almost talk myself into getting into that Indiana Jones queue. And Haunted Mansion was a go and obviously Pirates was a go. But this looks nasty. They're not going anywhere. No movement in this queue. Very little movement. Wow. Meanwhile, actually lightning lane doesn't look too bad. There's just a few guests coming in right now. I don't see anything building up out here. Doesn't look too bad. That's just pure standby, man. Oh, I didn't even look at the posted. Let's take a quick peek. Posted 85. And judging by that queue that we were looking at, I would say it's going to probably be most of that. I don't think it'll get all the way to 85. But 60 65 wouldn't surprise me. It's rough, man. Take a little test through the marketplace. This is slightly busier than usual. Love seeing the action here though in Galaxy's Edge. I love it when Galaxy's Edge is busy. You want to see something really scary though? Let's see if we can find any tables here at Docking Bay 7. They've even They're even using the the the stand-up section here. Usually that is the only open area, but no tables so far. Even the ones in the sun are occupied. There we go. Wow. Oh, look. Oh, that took eight Not even Not even a second. A second for that table to get scooped up. Huge queue over there for standby. Just wall-to-wall guests in here. You could probably sit down. Maybe you could just put your food down in that little section right there and stand and eat it or sit on that little thing right there. It's not bad. The wing is taken. This is all bad. Wow, the queue is out the door. You see that? The queue is out the door. My god, how far does it go? Oh my goodness. This is the back of the queue right here. Wow. Never in my life have I seen a queue like that at Docking Bay 7. Wow. I'm really curious now to see what Smugglers Run looks like. I'm going without doing the tip board, by the way. You may be wondering. I stopped doing the tip board because I just don't feel like it's adding any value to the show, and I like to discover things. I like to discover Chewbacca here >> [laughter] >> meeting guests, and I'm going to tell you that I I I have to warn you what we're going to find here in a little bit cuz out the side of my eye I caught the standby wait time for Smugglers Run, and it's absolutely horrifying. There's red. The Smugglers Run standby wait time is absolutely horrifying, and I can't imagine a scenario where I'd want to get into a 95-minute standby queue. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. 95 minutes for Smugglers Run. I cannot wait to see where that takes us. >> [laughter] >> Where is the back of the queue going to be for a 95-minute wait? That's a no. But even more no is that the back of the queue is right here. There's just no way you can convince me to get in this standby queue right now. I mean, at least it looks like it's moving a little bit. There's some movement there. I like that. But no, thank you. That's another no-go, you guys. That's Well, how many? Okay. Indy Pirates Haunted Mansion. Tiana's Rides Smugglers. That's six rides. Oh, Winnie the Pooh. Okay, seven rides. Four of them have been no-goes. Wow. Wow. Wow. Now, here's some good news though. Do you see that? That's a queue forming outside Oga's Cantina. Huzzah! Oga's is back open again. That is wonderful news. Absolutely amazing. I wonder if they changed anything in there. I was just kidding, actually. They haven't. I haven't been in, but I've heard already from multiple sources that it's pretty much no change at all. Everything looks just like it did. Whatever they were doing in there was not guest-facing. Although I would like to go in there myself and and and double-check, but um I don't go in there that often, so I'm not even sure if I'd be able to notice what might have changed since that last visit. It has been since Luke Skywalker appeared, I think is the last time I went into Oga's. Oh, man. Stupid Kylo Ren showed up going to ruin it everybody. He's going to start recruiting people to become stormtroopers. Ugh. God, I hate the First Order. Yeah. >> [laughter] >> Actually, I take that back. Stormtroopers are pretty cool. Now, while we have a few minutes on our way to Fantasyland, let me update you guys on a little scenario that's occurring. Some updated information on the Toy Story buses, the ART buses, and you know, getting people to Disneyland via or from the Toy Story parking lot and or from the hotels out and about around Harbor Boulevard. We did a location conversation about that, so check this out. We are currently in the Toy Story parking lot checking in on those ART buses. You guys may have heard or been aware of the news story that broke I don't know like a month or two ago where it was decided that the ART buses the the the Anaheim Rapid Transit line, I guess that's what that is. Yeah. Uh they provide service from the Toy Story lot and also service um around the Anaheim area all the hotels, and they they take guests to Disneyland. And the that line the ART line is going to be ending at the end of this at the end of the at the end of March. As of April 1st, the ART line will no longer be a thing. And the discussion had been what what are they going to do with what are they going to do here with the Toy Story lot? How are these you know what's going to happen to this bus line? Are they Are they all these guests who park here going to have to walk it in? Disney came out and said this is a couple weeks ago. They said no, no. There's not going to be any disruption in service. Uh you know, there'll be everything will be normal, but we don't know what that means. We don't know if that's going to you know if they're if Disney's going to take over the line or if they're going to you know you know, partner with a third party a separate you know, a separate bus company perhaps OCTA or something like that. So, there's that. But then I think it was yesterday or day before as I record this that Garden Grove stepped up. One of the questions was what about if let's say Disney has an answer for the Toy Story line here. Let's say they figured that out and they get guests from the Toy Story parking lot to the park. Okay, but what about you know, Disney has an answer for that, but they're not responsible for getting all the the guests from these various hotels up and down Harbor Boulevard into the park? What about those guys? Garden Grove the Garden Grove Tourism District says we got you. We're going to start our own line. This came out a couple days ago. Now, at it sounded like this is something that that uh none of the outlets that I heard covering this or what I saw on social didn't really get in the detail, but it made it sound like okay, Garden Grove's going to take over. No. No, Garden Grove is not taking over per se. They are only taking over those hotels that are in Garden [laughter] Grove. Which I mean, it's not it's not a small number. It's like 10 hotels. And and those hotels are going to have starting I think next week or so, they're going to be able to provide service. It's going to be paid, by the way. Not free. Paid. They're going to start providing service to which makes sense, by the way. Anaheim ART line was free, I I think. I don't know. I never actually took a bus. >> [snorts] >> I never actually took a bus from one of the hotels. I've only taken the Toy Story bus, which obviously is free. But anyway, I there but there's I just want to put this out there that this is not a solution. That Garden Grove bus line is not a solution for the Toy Story line. This These These bus stops out here that you see all up and down Harbor Boulevard right here uh as we come out of Toy Story, that is the Anaheim Transportation Network out of business. ART out of business. Now, this is different though. This is OCTA, OC bus. That's It's a separate from whatever we're seeing on the monitor, even though it looks like it's the same bus stop. I'm a little uncertain about what's happening here. That OCTA's system is obviously still in play. They've been around for a thousand years and they'll probably keep, you know, being around. And that's perhaps who Disney might be partnering with for that for the Toy Story line. But I I'm not I just I don't want to start applauding Garden Grove for taking over. They're not. They're We still don't have an answer for anybody. I don't know if for example, the Sheraton right there, I don't know that we're not in Garden Grove. So, that Garden Grove tourism bus line is not going to cover the Sheraton. Uh it's not going to cover those the the hotels back there on Manchester, which are reasonably close, but not exactly We're going to be testing that out. We are partnering with or collaborating with one of the hotels back there on Manchester. Uh you know, over there by HoJo etc. We'll be staying there, I think, in April. Uh so, we'll be able to talk about that at more length. But they There's a bus line that serviced it services those hotels on the back stretch there. We still We don't have an answer for those buses yet either. Uh Now, I I do think that the answers will become more present uh in the coming weeks. I think we're just now starting to get information. Answers are going to become more present. It's not that there isn't a solution. We just don't know what that solution is yet. That's a completely different stop, isn't it? Or is it? I don't know. Like he's up there. This is the That should be a monitor for the ART line. That's an OCTA bus. It's possible we see these buses at the Toy Story lot. But as for now, this line here, the Toy Story line, they're coming into the parking lot now. That's still going to be ART. We're going to have to wait and see what that solution is starting April 1st. But no answer for the Disney and Manchester line. That's the bus I was talking about, you know, for the for the hotels that are on the back side on the other side over there like on Harbor Boulevard. No answer for that. The Grand Plaza, I don't know what that is. The the ARTIC ARTIC, A R T I C, the one the the bus that connects Disneyland to that bus station and train depot over there by the the uh by the Honda Center. You think it would be reasonable for Disney to buy those That's an answer that I can conceive It it It seems like the most simple solution. Buy those Toy Story buses uh you know, from the city and and operate themselves >> [music] >> operate them on themselves just like they do at Walt Disney World. Those buses that take guests from hotels uh in the resort, you know, Disney hotels, those are those are Disney owned and operated as as far as I can as far as I know. It seems that way. They all seem They're They're all cast members badged up and everything. So, I feel like that's the probably the most the seem the most seamless solution is to buy those buses and operate those on their own. But again, still it does not answer uh you know, the what's going on here at the hub and the buses that drop people off here. The Grand Plaza, ARTIC, the the sports arena line, the the Manchester line. And I I Not that I don't think that there is Again, not that I don't think that there isn't a solution or they don't have one. We just don't know what it is yet. And I do think it's part of that larger um plan for the Disneyland Resort in general especially with respect to Disneyland [music] Forward. And in the Disneyland reset that we talked about two weeks ago in State of Disneyland, I think that they do have a very a very good plan, a very good idea what it is they're going to be doing. We're just standing by. We're going to continue standing by and I'm going to get back to work. Let's get back in the park. Yeah, we're going to hope at least that Disney's got a plan for those Toy Story buses cuz this park is blowing up. Although, that's kind of That's kind of nice right here. It's not so bad. Walking into Fantasyland now from Galaxy's Edge. Whoa. Whoa. You guys, that's the back of the Oh my gosh. That's the back of Red Rose Tavern. It is >> [clears throat] >> 1:13 in the afternoon. That's the back of the queue for Red Rose Tavern. Stand by. Ay ay ay. My goodness. You guys, I thought talking base seven was bad. Wow. Dude, I You Can you You can't I can't feel the intensity in this spot right now. Red Rose Tavern is and these are all mobile orders just sort of loitering waiting for their number to be called. They're all coming in out of the heat. So, nobody wants to be Hi guys. Uh yeah, and the queue actually extends There's all Where are the Where are the cast members? Taking There's nobody taking orders. Like that's something's not right. Oh, there's one right here. She's I don't know. I don't know what's going on here. This is intense. And obviously obviously there's no place to sit. I You can walk through here and I I don't want to because that's a little more intense than I want to be right now. Is that what's happening? I was just asking, where are the cast members? So, you guys are just You're just posted? What does mobile order look like right now? Which is rare for Red Rose Tavern. It says 30 minutes. That says, yeah, 30-45 minutes. Although, I bet if I refresh, let's see what happens if I refresh. It won't let me Okay, let me go back. Hang on. Now it says 35-50. Yeah, they're not even taking orders. Yeah, you're already this far, right? Oh my god. This is I don't think I've ever seen anything like that before. Do they know? I I I saw a cast member right there. I think they were letting guests know in the back of the line, don't come in. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. Oh, I feel bad for you guys. Well, good luck. >> [laughter] >> Thank you guys. Yeah. Wow. Do not go in there. I was going to do a I was going to do a uh you know, put a clock on. Yeah, they had the back of the queue hasn't moved. Now, I don't I I did show That just happened like by accident. I wasn't even trying to show that. And I certainly don't want to get back in frame. I'm not trying to blow anybody up back there. Uh there's They're doing the best they can. Do not This is one of the situations where I ask guests to try to be patient with cast because the cast aren't doing this to you. They're absolutely not doing this to you. They don't want you to get out there and wait. They don't want these things to happen. They don't want snafus to happen. They just do. They just do and they try their best they can to like keep people up to date and let people give them you know, set the expectations. Uh set the expectations and maybe just go to a different location if you can. Uh but certainly this is not a situation where I would justify giving a cast member a hard time about what's happening. It's unfortunate. Uh but but those people on the ground, the people taking your order, they're not in charge. They're not in charge of anything that is happening in right now inside of Red Rose Tavern in terms of um functionality of what's happening. So, take it easy on them if you can. So, that's my PSA. My soapbox moment there. Checking in Casey Jr. There's If they're running two trains, don't even worry about it. But that Yeah, that's empty right there. One of the best discounts you're going to get anytime, anyplace at at Disneyland, no matter how busy it is, if Casey's running two trains, that's a go. Remember we saw when we're out there looking at the at the board, the the analog wait board, and we saw 50 minutes for Dumbo. You remember that? You remember? Let's go take a look. The good thing about Dumbo is that there's a limit. And 50's about it. This is not a 50-minute queue. I've waited in this exact queue and it was actually about half of that. It was 25, maybe 30 minutes to get to the vehicle. Uh oh boy. Okay. It looks very terrifying, but I waited in that exact queue pretty much when we did our um our Fantasyland challenge. And we we were at our Dumbo in about 25 minutes if I recall. And it looks terrifying, but that's one of the things I love most about Fantasyland attractions is that there's an absolute limit to how long those queues will get. Mostly because there's a limit to how to where you can even put bodies. And once people see they There's sort of this collective idea, this sort of collective understanding of what the maximum is for a ride. You see a queue that's outside that maximum, you're just like, "Okay, we're going to do something else." For example, uh Toads. No matter how busy Toads gets, no matter how busy the park gets, it never gets outside that white rope right there. That's the limit right there. So, if if if guests walk by and they see those ropes full and they they're kind of around this planter right here, they just keep walking. They just go do something else. They're not going to cuz they don't You can't go around the you know, the the concession stand, the ATV cart there. The queue You can't put a queue around there. >> [laughter] >> Because now you're in the way of everybody trying to get cotton candy. There's just absolute limit. It doesn't matter how busy the park gets, you can't put anybody else in the queue. So, they just keep walking. I can't even show you the limit for Peter Pan because they're not actually there. It's It's posted 40, but there's three chains open over here. I This white rope, that's pretty much the limit. They'll often go over there by Merlin's. But this white rope is the limit more or less. So, they're not in it. But yeah, down there at at Merlin's. That far. Not this Merlin's. I call that Merlin's also. But this right here. You will never see anybody get beyond this. Except for maybe rope drop, and that's it. Now, that's a queue that I have not seen since COVID. When they had when they had social distancing in place COVID, the Snow White queue ran out over there to Princess Fantasy Faire, where the old donut cart used to be. But that was the social distancing, right? This is the longest I've seen Snow White. Hey, how's it going? Uh hi. This is the longest I've seen Snow White in months. In such a long time that I can I I can't even remember. And all it's almost as if they're getting into Bibbidi-Bobbidi. Wow. That is one heck of a queue. You're pushing 40 minutes there. It's posted at 20, which is hilarious. 20 would be the sign. Well, actually don't Well, I mean it does say from this point, but it's I think it there I think their intent is to show you what the actual wait time is. So, that's what I would assume it to be. But there's another, you know, 5 or 6 minutes of queue there at least. By the way, I can barely make my way through these crowds right now. It is super tight. Like especially around these pinch points when you're uh coming by the carousel like this. >> [music] >> Wow. Go to Red Rose Tavern, right? >> [laughter] >> Don't go to Red Rose Tavern. They There's no hope for you there. All is lost. All is lost. Wow. Wow. Wow. I got to take a picture of this for posterity. But you know what's great is that the vibe is pretty positive. Pretty po- At least the the vibe that's being sent to me. Like those like that that that group we saw in Red Rose, I mean they they were not happy, but they were they were, you know, pretty pretty up- pretty positive. I got to say, and that's what I'm getting, you know, as I make my way through these crowds, I'm getting like pretty much almost unanimously positive vibes. It's It's really Maybe it's Fantasyland. I don't know. It's great here. On a busy day, Fantasyland is where you want to be, even if the Mad Tea Party queue is out here along the rail, that's still a huge discount. This is a great way to spend your time right now. Let's see if we can make that walk alongside Alice in Wonderland. Cuz you just know Well, it's not It's not that bad. This is pretty typical for Alice on a busy day. They're in wild space. They're outside the chains. Uh and it does make this path here pretty narrow, especially, you know, it's basically two shoulders wide right here. Oh, it's getting longer. Yeah, I mean that's still a go for me. Alice is always a go. That's still a go. Looks like I'm catching the cavalcade happening right now. So, it's going to be hard to do a little recon. Storybook Land looks pretty busy. But I would call that about 30 minutes. I'm going to see if I can't make my way through the little side route here. Hey. Hey. My goodness. I don't know if that's That might be Storybook Land queue right there. You guys remember that one time we came through and Storybook Land was all the way down here? Could it get that bad? Maybe we'll come back [music] and check it after we get to Toontown. Made my way through that scene, but wait till I show you the scene that's happening right now in front of >> [laughter] >> the Red Rose station here in Fantasyland. Oh my gosh. I I I I'm not sure where to begin. Obviously it narrows here because of all the uh stroller parking. But this is just way more people than you ever see on this stretch, even if there's a situation like now where guests are deboarding. But I think there's a queue out here. And I think I'm almost in it. I always I'm always shocked by that feeling. I say this a lot. Oh my god. I think I'm in the queue. And oh my god. I was in the queue. That was the queue. >> [laughter] >> Look at this. Hey guys. Wow. That's incredible. And I'm not crazy about boarding here at Toontown. Cuz not a lot of people get off here. And that's what you're looking for when you get on it when you when you're trying to ride. You're looking for the station that gets the most people exiting. Most people ride through the station. That has been my experience at least. But that is one hell of a queue right there. Wow. Meanwhile, they are working fast and furious on the other side of that scrim on the new Bluey show. March 22nd is when the Bluey show will open here. March 22nd. That means uh what? Next Sunday? No, this Sunday. Is that right? No. Yes, this Sunday. This Sunday walls will be down. Bluey will be here. We'll have blue food here, probably, maybe. I don't know. I'm looking forward to it. I hope they have some blue food. May actually be a minute before we can get to that show because the 22nd is Sunday, which I am occupied on Sunday. And then cuz I'm going to bring Sophie, obviously. So, she has school otherwise. So, we'd have to wait till the next weekend except the weekend the next weekend after that. We're going to Walt Disney World, you guys. I'm going to go back to Disney World. We're going to have at least two days in the park, maybe three. Uh we're there for other reasons besides going to the park. Hi guys. Uh but we're hoping to get We're We're going to get definitely two days in. Hope maybe three if we can work it out, or maybe two days in Gatorland. We may go to Gatorland. Uh but we're there We're going to go back there to say hi to our old friend Adam. We'll be visiting Adam and then uh spending a couple days in the parks and then we're going to have to come back and maybe after that maybe after that we can check out the Bluey show with Sophie. If I can make a reservation. I'm going to have to get on that because it looks like they're selling out quickly and we're starting to run out of time. The the calendar for that three-day uh park hopper for a California residents uh ends at the summer. We only have till May. Boy, you think we're going to find a bigger crowd here in Toontown like we've been seeing in the other other lands so far? It actually feels pretty normal here, which is always crazy. We are going to check in. Oh, that doesn't look good. Closed. Roger Rabbit's closed, which almost certainly means doom for anybody trying to go standby in Runaway Railway. You've come all the way to Toontown. There's no There's really no adjacent land here. So, if you come all this way to ride Roger Rabbit, you don't have You have no choice really but to go try to catch Mickey &amp; Minnie's Runaway Railway while you're here. Cuz you're not just going to go in and see Roger Rabbit and say, "Oh, it's good. I'm leaving." So, no. Uh Runaway Railway is going to pick up most of those guests, I'm assuming. >> [music] >> But it's actually not bad. Well, compared to what I was expecting. That's a posted 60, but the door is I don't know. Well, I don't know what the door is anymore. But certainly it's not 60. >> [music] >> I used to say the door was 45, but I have to I have to do more recon here to know that for sure. The street Oh, people are leaving. People are leaving. Okay. Uh yeah, maybe 45 from here is my guess. Depending on the impact of Lightning Lane, which is hardly ever a problem here. This is a pretty brisk moving queue. Very efficient ride this is. Despite the fact that's a pretty high wait time posted there, and that's you know, the queue is longer than I would hope. Uh that's a go for me considering the day. That's a go considering the day, and I think I think that's not even 45, maybe. That might be less than that. Kind of shocked, actually. Kind of shocked that I found a go situation with Roger Rabbit down. That's not a That's a no-go. >> [laughter] >> Parents, I I hope I hope you bring your patience with you uh because whenever I bring Sophie here, she never wants to leave, ever. She wants to stay there all day and do nothing but that and run around. It's incredible. There is a 25-minute wait for water. Got to curl the queue. Curl the queue. Bend the queue around. Curl the queue. It's never going to happen. Queue is straight. They're blocking the traffic. Standard here at Minnie's house. 30 minutes posted. Could be that, maybe not. I don't know. I've never waited in this queue. I have [laughter] never Wait, did I did I do that with Sophie once? I don't know. I can't remember. But I don't think I waited and I think Liz did, but I never clocked it. Oh, uh Mickey Mouse 30 minutes. Look at that. 45 minutes posted for Gadget's. And you know how I know that's pretty much close to true? Because I can see the queue from here. Wow. I am Oh my gosh. I am almost in the queue. That's the back of the queue right there. Hey, how's the water doing? Is he still short? Chip. Are you still short? Now he's got it. Calibration in effect. He made it all the way to the yellow teacup. Good job. And I just happened to notice something really, really cool here at whatever they call this little park area outside Donald's boat. I wouldn't have noticed it if they weren't halfway through the transition. This is the grass here at this park, but look at that. They they plant they planted some new grass. They've they've installed fresh new grass and this is amazing. This is one of those things where like you probably never would have called out called us out and said, "Hey, look at this. That doesn't look right." If I hadn't seen the transition here uh I might and and I saw just the new grass, I might have assumed that this is how it always was. You can feel it in your feet. You can feel it in your feet. It's very cushiony, like it how it used to be. That is part of I think Disneyland reset. We were talking about this 2 weeks ago. Things that they're doing to improve the guest experience in minor ways, small ways that you may or may not notice. But I wish people would uh to give them their credit because people would you know, I see I hear this a lot you know, from uh other websites, other other followers, you know, people who who watch Disney. About how the park's falling apart, they don't take care of it. They do, man. Better than anybody. They are. Look, you just have to open your eyes to it. You just have to open your eyes to what's happening. I am now standing right now as we walk through new grass once more. This park at the back of the Toontown whose name I've forgotten. I know it has a name. Uh but this is like a little rest area where sometimes you can eat or kids just run around and play or sit, get some shade back there. Used to be the ball pit back there from 100 years ago. They had a ball pit. New grass. New grass in Toontown. Please pay attention. Post it on social media. I'm going to try to do the same. And look at that. Look at I might have to do a a separate video just comparing crowd sizes year over year. I mean, this is some of this is spring break, but I was here for spring break last year and it wasn't like this. You know what I mean? I'm here every year, every season for 13 years running. And I'm telling you this certainly this this some of it is spring break. Families are in the park, a lot of kids here, but they're here because of the discounted ticket. They they where they might have said no last year they have said yes this year because of the discounted ticket. They are bringing them back. And I'm kind of terrified right now to be making a left turn to see what Oh gosh. Okay, so there's there's single rider right there. Single rider is I can't tell if these if everybody's in the queue. Oh, singles. Pardon? My goodness. Uh so definitely this, but I don't know if I don't know Is that it right there? That's long, by the way. That's a long queue for single rider no matter what, but I think these guys are just posted. Yeah, they're just chilling. They're out of the queue. That's a long queue though for single. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Okay. Uh Lightning Lane for the Matterhorn looks not bad. Just so many people here. I'm It's very tight. It's very compressed. You have to sort of inch your way through the crowds here. I'm seeing a posted 50. I just got ran over by a stroller and the queue is out in wild space. Wow. Yeah, this is the queue. We are almost in the queue right now. That's the back right here. Now if that's real, if that's the back of the queue and they are in extended one and extended two then yeah, you we might be pushing 50 minutes there. If they're it might be more than 50. I guess that's what I'm saying. They might have to update that number. Okay. Extended one. They might have to take out take it into extended three cuz I do see Oh my gosh. Wow. They're in two. Yeah, two is the back. They might have to push this to three to get those people out of the street. People are just dying. They're just dying to get into the Matterhorn queue. Wow. Came back to check in the queue. They cleared the uh wild space out here, but still I see so many people sitting on the rails out here. See that? All kinds of butts on rails. Uh no matter where I look, everywhere. Chains, too. It doesn't look good, but it says 50. Which I feel like it's probably a bargain right now. And I didn't see very much people in Lightning Lane, either. This is a very confusing situation, but I'm going to call this a no-go just the same because of all the people that are just not moving. I can't imagine that 50 that 50 minutes is is realistic considering all the people that are just standing and posted and resting waiting for the queue to move again. I didn't notice this when we were back here the first time, but they are ready. All they have to do is turn it on. They just have to move those chains down and they're ready to go into extended three. And when they are in extended three for me, that's a no-go. I'm going to talk about that Finding Nemo queue in a second, which is lengthy. But this just caught my eye. Look at the wait for Galactic Grill and that is one two, three, four. That's four windows open for standby. Wow. And then all of these guests over here these guys are all mobile order pickups. Wow. That's a lot Look at that. They're all just posted and out here waiting. My goodness. What a day. So Na- Nemo it's not quite out here, but that's that's your real sign of how But it would be hardly ever see guests on these outer switchbacks. It's been a long time since I've seen guests on the outer switchbacks for Nemo. Hi, how are you? Ryan, remember that I'm going to have to go back. I think I'm going to do like a year over year comparison. This state of Disneyland report versus the uh the one we did last year. Same week, you know, same weekend or whatever, same Monday. And I'm not sure where I'll put that. Not here, not on this channel, but maybe Tours or something, I don't know. Uh but that that would be interesting to see. I I do feel like there's just an absolute visible difference this week or this year over last year and it's due to that 3-day discounted ticket. I just I'm laughing before I can even get going. I'm rolling up to Autopia. Usually this is a a place where you might get a discount, you might get a break. Posted is 45 minutes. 45 is posted over there. Son of a biscuit. Oh, they are down a lane now. The far left lane now over there is down. So that might explain part of that because the queue doesn't look all that diabolical up there. I've waited in longer queues than that. That doesn't look too bad. I can't tell if they're in the uh eight or the rotunda looking thing. I don't see any head and shoulders over there. So it could just be the fact that we're down a lane and then mildly busy for Autopia, that is. And now they just took us They just took the time down to 35 minutes. So yeah, I didn't think that was a 45-minute queue. Uh but it doesn't help again that they have one lane down. And we're on the home stretch, guys. Space Mountain is Oh, no. Oh, no. It's not very often you get to see what's ahead of you for Space Mountain before you even get there. Usually you have to climb the stairs and go all the way up there to see what what to expect. But this is visible just as soon as we made that left turn. Do you guys see that? That is guests. We don't even have to go up there. If you can see guests up there, no. You know that's going to be at least 70, 75 minutes. If you see guests, the door that they're they haven't even gotten into yet is an hour. Uh there's no hope for Space Mountain. That's another no-go. Wow, that's incredible. I might be saying again, we had this conversation last week at State of DCA. Uh okay, so I can't go on that's that's six rides now that are no-goes. What am I supposed to do? Other things. I know. It's easy for me to say that. I know. I know. It's easy for me to say cuz I'll come back next week and things will be different. But uh if you could possibly cuz there's lots of there's lots of great things to do at Disneyland. It's not all about the e-tickets. If you want to do it, do it. Just you know, have that expectation. Know that you're going to wait an hour or more. You're going to wait 75 minutes probably. That's Space Mountain queue up there. You're going to wait 75 minutes. But if you just maybe just decide to not do that. Maybe I mean, can you? Can you go to Autopia instead? Fantasyland dark rides? Mark Twain? The Disneyland Railroad? Astro Orbiter? Anything that doesn't have a Lightning Lane queue? If you can I understand that you can't. You're here once a year or whatever, then by all means do what you got to do. Go buy a Lightning Lane. Although it's too late. If you have Lightning Lane it's already too late. I'm going to go I'm going to check You know what? Now look at me, I'm checking the tip board when I was trying not to. But I just want to see real quick what uh what the return times are for some of these attractions. So we'll go there. Let's uh turn on Lightning Lanes. Autopia is 2 hours. Big Thunder is 6 hours. It's already too late. Buzz Lightyear is 2 hours. Haunted Mansion, that's not bad, 3 hours. Indiana Jones, it's gone. Indiana Jones is gone. Uh Small World is now Matterhorn is 6 hours from now. It's 8:00 before you can ride Matterhorn. Uh Runaway Railway, 5 hours from now. Smugglers Run, 5 hours. Roger Rabbit, 5:00, not bad. Space Mountain is gone. You can't even get a Lightning Lane for Space Mountain right now. It is and it's only 2:00. The rest of the night there are no Lightning Lanes available. Star Tours 2 hours. Rise Even Rise is 4 hours for paid. For $29 you have to wait 4 hours to ride. There's just no way. I couldn't do it. I mean, imagine coming to Disneyland, getting here at 2:00 in the afternoon and say, "Okay guys, we're going to beat the crowds by getting Lightning Lane." >> [laughter] >> You can't do it. If you get Lightning Lane, you still have to get here early. You still have to get here early. Otherwise, you're going to go on two rides with Lightning Lane. You're going to book that Space Mountain for 8:00. Well, I guess you can you wait the hour and then you can do I don't know, you know, one of the Well, you can't you can't get Space Mountain. It's gone. And you can't get Indiana Jones. It's gone. Wow. All right, Star Tours bad. Star Tours bad. The rate of detention. Uh I can't really tell how deep but they don't look like they're moving very well. So I'm going to say that's probably a 45-minute queue. Although they're not out here in the chains. They should be out in the chains. 40 minutes that says. I guess they're not in the chains cuz it's hot. 50 5 0 for Buzz Lightyear? Holy heck. That's incredible. Uh that's Lightning Lane by the way. All these guests, that's all Lightning Lane. Not a good look if you're going standby. There's the back of the standby queue right here. Uh yeah, that's going to be a minute. Still, this does pretty quick. This is an omnimover. Uh very brisk queue. Unfortunately, you can only get two people per vehicle, but still that's pretty good. This is I've seen worse. It's not 50. This is more like 35. Uh this is a go. There you go. That's a go. I guess Steve. >> [laughter] >> I had I wanted to get him in that shot. I love Steve, fire truck driver. Uh let's go to let's wind up with Frontierland, guys. And when we checked that board earlier today, it was showing Big Thunder at 60 minutes. And that was at 11 something. Is it busier or slower? Well, I don't know what Big Thunder looks like, but I can hear the Disneyland band over there cooking out in front of the Golden Horseshoe. We're here at a different time of day to catch that, that's for sure. Uh yeah, it doesn't look good. There you go, Big Thunder. >> [music] >> Not great. That is a very full extended queue back there. >> [music] >> Disneyland band. >> [music] [music] [music] >> It's still very difficult to make your way through these crowds, too. A lot more, you know, jockeying, moving about, trying to stay out of people's way. Posted 50. Just see. Right. Uh this actually is not bad. For Big Thunder, that's actually not bad. They could easily I've seen these queues up here filled in. This is like a no-go situation there. If that's [music] that's filled in, they're ready for it, but they're not there yet. As queues go today, that's a go. It's a it's not 50. It doesn't look great, but it's probably closer to 30 35 minutes is my guess. Let's get a little more of that Disneyland band before we go. >> [music] >> Still can't escape them Jonas Brothers. >> [music] [music] [music] >> And we'll let the Disneyland band take us out a little bit. Thank you guys for joining us on this incredibly busy day today. A day that has proven that that 3-day park hopper [music] ticket has been working in full effect. >> [music] >> It's It's the difference is night and day. So thank you guys for watching. Do by the way, if you like what you've seen and you're you're curious about getting to the park today, do contact [music and singing] Get Away Today. There's a link in the description. They are our preferred travel affiliate. They will take care of you for your entire visit if you want to come to Disneyland, go to Walt Disney World, >> [music] >> go on a cruise, or or you name it, Aulani. Uh very knowledgeable group, very friendly, family-owned [music] business. We love Get Away Today. Link in the description. Thank you guys for watching. We love you. Be safe out [music] there. Be kind to one another. Respect. >> [music] [music] [music] [music]
