---
video_id: CmnSJXi_G_Q
channel: FreshBaked
title: "The BEST way to Rope Drop the Rope Drop"
published: 2026-02-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmnSJXi_G_Q
---
And that's what I'm talking about right there. 6:47 in the a.m. and we'll be through bag check. And that's because hotel guests on property, Grand California, Pixar Place Hotel, Disneyland Hotel, they get a 15-minute head start. 6:45 bag check opens up. It opens up at 7:00 for a regular guest. They'll just ask you for your room key, and that's it. But do you have that room key, don't forget it. But you get a 15-minute head start, [music] which uh gets you ahead of just about everybody. You know, even the the the people who are rope dropping [music] from the main street hotels, they don't get through back checking until 7:00 a.m. >> I'm not here to be nice. here from our uh rope drop experience where our Disneyland Hotel rope dropping the rope drop video on fresh baked [music] proper. Stay tuned. Now, we're going to actually do that rope drop. It is 7:45 as I 7:47. So, we got 13 minutes more before the rope drop, but we are right here at the rope, ready to hit Space Mountain and see what the actual advantages for being right here at the rope. Just a few things before we get started here. I'm going to be removing the rope that is right in front of you. However, that is not your cue to go. You'll be hearing the opening announcement. Once the announcement is over, just keep your eyes on myself and edg and we will let you know when it's safe to go. Are you ready to have some fun? >> Yeah. There is the official dropping of the rope. Even though they haven't served the announcement there, there's the music. We're almost there. How exciting. >> Nobody rushed the rope though. had I done that would have been the smartest ever. And there is our competition. That's the advantage of being here a little early. We'll see if we get to keep that. as we uh rush Space Mountain. Next, it is 7:59. >> All right, friends. Have fun. >> Here we go. >> And I'm already losing. [laughter] [music] And I am not a slow walker. I walk briskly and I'm still getting my butt kicked. [laughter] But I don't mind. It's all part of the experience, Audrey. I freaking love it. God damn it. He's full on sprinting that guy. >> Now, normally when I rope drop space and I'm a little bit further back, this whole stretch right here is full of people and we're stuck back there at the threshold. So, we have definitely >> achieved something. see that down there? I don't know if you can. Maybe we'll get a look when we cross over. Oh, no, we won't. That's right. But still, we have definitely beaten maybe two or 300 people there. You see that? >> That's just a minute. >> Come here. >> 2 minutes. It's been 2 minutes since I dropped the rope. Not even two minutes. Minute and a half maybe. >> Best I've ever done, I think, was being done with space. And into the common area out there in Tomorrowland at 8:15, 15 minutes total. So, that's the goal. Can I get out there on my way to Mahorn in under 15 minutes? >> I think that's the front of the queue right there. Four out of three. >> Oh, I know. I know, dude. >> Did you see your grades? >> This is absolutely record setting for me. I've definitely been waiting here at this point. >> Every other rope jump. It's 8:04. 804 into the tunnels. >> I've definitely been stopped here. [laughter] >> And I've definitely been stopped here at >> We still have not stopped. Look at his house. >> Happy birthday, Andy. 807. That's our boat. [music] Heat. Heat. Man, I [clears throat] It's hard. It is really, really hard. Okay, 8:12. Heading up the stairs at 8:12. And that's Tomorrowland Space Mountain complete on ride and everything at 8:13. And we're out of here at 8:13. That is rope dropping. The rope drop courtesy of the Disney Hotel saved us probably 7 to 10 minutes, I'm guessing, which is more than you think. It's It's more beneficial than you might imagine. We're dominating this morning. Now, next question is, as we head to the Matah Horn, which is number two in our order of operations, will both sides be open. Last time we Oh, okay. Anyway, [laughter] last time we uh we did this. Last time we rode dropped Space Mountain Matah Horn only the uh Tomorrowland side was open which uh you know slowed us down a little bit. We were doing that's when we were doing our um fort mountain challenge I believe. Uh but hopefully if if both sides are open on the mat horn, we will be so far ahead of schedule that we'll easily get uh five in, maybe six before 10:00 a.m. Tomorrowland is open, I think. Was that Were those guests in that bob sled? No. No, there weren't. Okay. But I did hear the spiel. No guests on the Tomorrowland side. So, it looks like it's Fantasy Land side only, but it's possible that they're cycling Tomorrowland right now and being ready for opening that side. [music] >> 8:17. [music] So, it looks like even though we missed the opportunity to hit the Tomorrowland slide, which is still not open, the queue is building. So, we definitely are still ahead of pace. Those uh extra few minutes, the two or three minutes that we beat on our alltime low has paid off in a few extra minutes here at the Mahorn as well. 8:26 and that's our boat. For your safety, only seated fastened, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the box. Please check your kids. Thank you. is keep. Woo! Heat. Here we go. Remain seated Please. >> 8:30. >> Well, actually, it's 8:32, but I was done getting out of this. I was done getting out of my vehicle. Hey guys, at 8:30. Out of my vehicle at 8:30. Back on our way into Adventureland at 8:32. I don't know what my record is exactly for getting off of Matah Horn, but I'm pretty sure I beat it. I will have to go back and look, but I don't think I've been done with Matah Horn before or at 8:30 or better before. >> There's Steven. Respect to those people who are rope dropping the fire truck. I love it. >> I don't care. going to Adventureland and Indiana Jones >> next. Uh I'm choosing Indiana Jones as opposed to Big Thunder. It's too early for Big Thunder. They're they're still running a limited number of cars right now. So, you actually will wind up waiting more than you would or will 15 minutes from now or so. It is now, let's see, 8:35. I would hope to be done with Indie at 8:55 or so. I'm going to give it 20 minutes, but I think that's high. Morning, guys. It's just the variable is how full of the queue is right now. But this is why I don't rope drop Indiana Jones typically because I can get the same queue at 8:35 than I than I would maybe even a better queue at 8:35 than I would at 8:00 because there's a mad rush at Indie first thing in the morning. >> Kind of like space a little bit. Let's see. Turn the light back on. >> Yeah, we're golden. >> We're golden. Look at that. See that? No waiting. Why rope drop it? If I can do this at 8:35, right? Why rope drop it? Literally. [laughter] And this is exactly why I don't recommend doing that. Exactly. And I see people out there using their Lightning Lane right now, too. They've achieved zero. They have saved zero minutes by using their rope drop right now. I'm sorry, they're not the rope drop, their lightning lane into the queue at 8:37. >> We'll be in our vehicle hopefully in the next 10 in. So, there's probably still going to be a queue up there, but that's okay. Look at that. >> That's cool. >> That's awesome. >> I see somebody trying to somebody trying to get >> I hate this. fresh. >> Hey, morning. >> Good. Good. >> That's 8:43. We should be out of here by 8:50. All things being equal. down. >> Are you there? Come in. Spend it. You are only to check your seat. The brakes may be needing a little adjustments, but easy on the curves. Heat. Heat. >> [music] >> Don't tell me that wasn't big fun. Wow. >> 853 and it's still not too late to be jumping into the Indiana Jones queue. That's terrific. That's amazing. >> It's not too early for Big Thunder. Hopefully they are running at least one or two more extra trains at this point in the morning >> and uh we'll have a minimal weight. I what I say 853. Yeah, 8:54 now. Crossing our fingers. >> Morning guys. >> Thank you. Thank you. Pinner is Hi. Good morning. Uh, Big Thunder is showing 5 minutes. Uh, not probably not, but getting into this queue at 8:55, we are into our fourth E ticket of the morning before 9:00 a.m. Okay. So, there is a bit of a queue maybe. Yeah, there is a little bit of a backup here, >> but this is to be expected. Hopefully, it's at this point they have started bringing out more trains. >> Maybe he's going to get one right now, huh? [laughter] >> That is the You are courageous. Can I see that one? No, I can't. Uh, number three. Oh no. >> Oh no. Oh no. >> That can't be good. >> Oh no. There we go. There we go. Go, go, go. Okay, that is the I am fearless. That's two. Definitely not 5 minutes. We're at 8:58 now. Now, we've been in the queue for 3 minutes already. Another train says there at least three, which means if there's three, there's probably four. Oh, there is. Yeah, there's four. I just saw the other one now. UB Bold. That was the UB Bold. Three and four should be coming around >> the bend here in just a second. There we go. That should be four. The IM loco. So, we are at four at least. >> Oh no. >> Oh no. >> Now that could be them bringing on another train. That could be them bringing on another train. So, we're at four. Here comes another one. Is that a new one >> or one we've already seen? That is the you be daring. I can't remember now. What do we start with? I don't remember. Was it you be daring? I think I think we're at four still, but they could be bring. It looks like they just shut it down. >> Well, this kind of counts, right? [laughter] >> Oh, man. We were doing so well. Lightning to come back to us. >> We were doing so well. >> Can I go through here? >> Yeah. Come on in. >> All right. >> Oh no. This is going to slow us down now because everybody's getting uh a lightning lane and it'll show up. >> It won't show up on your >> That's it. Yeah. Thank you. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yeah, man. Now, I have no idea how to categorize this video. We were having a generational run there to the point where I'm like, maybe I put this on fresh baked proper, but now that sort of guy that it is now, let's see, 9:09. So, still just three attractions. I mean, we've got into our 4th by 9. The timing is about the same. We would have been done with the ride right about now. And we're heading to Toontown for what we're going to be our last two uh attractions for rope drop. But, um, we're still doing pretty great. And I got an MVP. Pull my string. It's Woody. >> Crowds are starting to pick up a little bit. >> And also I think it was on the weekend too. They're still hoping nothing is closed back here. I haven't looked at the app. [music] It looks like Well, Roger Rabbit is closed on the app, but I'm going to double check cuz that looks like it could be open. [music] But if it were, that's a down. Okay. [laughter] All right. It's still closed. Uh, I was just going to say if it were we'll go to Runaway Railway first, but normally you can you want to do Roger Rabbit before Runaway Railway if you can help it at this time in the morning [music] because it's a shorter queue. We don't have a pre-show or anything like that. Runaway Railway it is. Entering this queue at morning at 9:15 with a post at 10. [music] 9:15. [music] >> Hi guys. Good morning. [music] And I would expect we should have a breezy walk through the queue probably all the way to the screening room. And this again, this is why I don't recommend rope dropping Toontown either, unless you absolutely have to, which we've done in the past. But uh these both these rides are usually pretty accessible at 9:00 a.m. or as accessible at 9:00 a.m. as they are at 8:00 a.m. as we are seeing now. Walking straight through right through the disco room into concessions. We have only been going for barely what uh maybe a minute. Yeah, looks good. Yeah, we're walking right into the screening room. >> Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Oh, hi you folks. Want to take a ride on the train? >> Excuse me. You there. >> Do you mind helping these good people into the cartoon while I fix this here locomotive? >> Well, of course, Goofy. That's what pals are for. >> Thanks. Begging a jippy to pick you all up. >> All right, everyone. I guess we're heading home. [music] Hi there. Engineer Goofy here. For your safety on board the train, please keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside your train car at all times. >> That is our boat at 9:20. That took us I don't even know, no time at all. Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] >> We have to stop the over. Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> 27. But that probably went a little too well if we were trying to ride Roger Rabbit. And it's 9:31 now as we make our way back out into [laughter] again the hub. Uh, I'm I'm keeping an eye on the app right now to see what's open. Big Thunder's still closed. And I guess the question now at this point is, can I still get my fifth and sixth attractions, you know, in the queue by 10:00 a.m. in spite of uh the difficulties having, in spite of the fact that Roger Rabbit was closed back there, that would have been number five. I'd be in that queue right now. I'd be on the ride practically at this point. Uh, that's just how well theoretically things could have gone and are still going. But yeah, we'll get I mean what's left? A Haunted Mansion, Tiana's or I could I don't want to repeat uh Star Good morning. I mean, I suppose I could do Star Tours and Buzz. That technically counts, but I feel like those are, you know, lowhanging fruit. I really want to challenge myself here. Uh so I think yeah, we're going to I guess Haunted Mansion. Tiana. Morning, guys. Big Thunder. >> Yep. Still closed. >> Hey, buddy. >> Hi. How's it going? >> You too. [laughter] >> All right. That scared the heck out of me. My goodness. [laughter] Oh, man. I [screaming] hear Tiana screaming. That's good. >> But not TV screens. >> Into the queue at 9:36. >> Yes, that's the video. Looks like it's a straight walk on. [music] >> Just about 2 minutes to get to here. It's pretty amazing. That's at 9:30. We have a shot of being out of here by >> 9:50 something and into Tiana is hopefully before 10. >> When hinges creek in doors chambers and strange and frightening sounds echo through the halls, your cadaavverous power betrays an aura of foroding. Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. The real >> perfect execution of the door trick at Haunted Mansion. It opened right behind me. It's going to be right here. Okay. Thank you. Do not pull down on the safety bar, please. I will lower it for you. And he this warn the spirits will materialize. Only if you remain safely seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. And watch the children, please. foreign body. I feel [music] unlivable here in this ghostly retreat. Every room has war to [music] creeps and hot and cold running chills. [music] Listen. [music] [music] Heat. [screaming] [music] Heat. [music] I just feel in the spirits wherever they're at quality, it's time to respond. Send us a message from somewhere beyond. Goblins and ghoulies from last Halloween. Awaken the spirits with your [singing] tambourine. Cre and toes ins. [music] Let there be music from regions beyond. [music] You see your secret vibration and are beginning to enter. They're assembling sweet. I'll see you all later. >> Playful spooks have interrupted our tour. Please remain seated in your doom buggy. >> We will proceed in just a moment. We have been unavoidably detained by branchy spirits. Kindly remain seated in your doom body. We will continue our tour momentarily. Heat [music] [music] up here. >> [music] [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat up [music] here. [music] [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] >> [music] >> Drink the truth and wake >> happy come out to close [music] your eyes and try to voices. Yeah. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] [music] They have selected Please listen to your left. make final time. We've been dying. 951. We will be getting into our well actually getting into our seventh queue to be fair. Uh but we'll be doing our sixth ride, getting to our sixth attraction by 10:00 a.m. which is still a generational run. This has been going really, really well. And I have an MVP in the pocket that I will hope to use on Big Thunder on the way out of here. Uh, but that'll be after 10:00 a.m. unfortunately. But I feel like that still kind of counts, man. [laughter] I feel like this is still perhaps the best rope drop that we have ever done. Uh, but for now, let's get into Tiana's Bayou Adventure at 9:50 one still with a 5m minute wait. So, we are walking on >> [music] [music] >> Whatever you watch. Okay, we're going to check your His [music] name is [music] >> I never transferred. Excuse [music] me. Excuse me. >> Hey y'all here. Please keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and tails inside the vehicle. >> Easy peasy. >> 9:55. >> That's our boat. Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> Hey, there they all are. Louis is up ahead. Let's join you in finding bed for our celebration to the valley. [music] Hello. Anyone down here who can blow a horn in jail? Hello. [music] [music] [music] >> Don't you worry, Louis. We're going to find just what we need in the bay. >> [music] [music] >> If you looking for you don't have to tell the people mama told you so. [music] Oh, [music] heat, heat. >> [music] >> musicians out here. [music] [music] I would love for y'all to play my part tonight. [music] >> [music] >> This is how I show you. [music] [music] We got to keep searching high. Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] >> Oh, you [music] gigantic. Now let's get back to Heat. Heat. [music] [music] very good now. [music] Yeah. Big one. Big Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music and singing] >> [music] [music] [music] >> I knew at this party. [music] See y'all again soon. [music] >> [music] >> Please give your tails and your seats until your Guys, back >> [music] >> jungle. >> Yeah, let's ask. I think I think your We're going to meet up with your cousin, too. >> So, we can ask what they want to do. >> Oh, yeah. We can ask. >> Yeah. You tuned in to WNO New Orleans and that's why we react. >> Oh, Tigger and Pooh together. How delightful. >> Right. Still virtually no waiting at Tiana's. There goes the train. How delightful again. It is 10:05. We're going to be going on the ride. Was that your favorite? >> Why? >> Yes. Well, [music] unfortunately, Big Thunder is still closed, >> which means we're probably going to call it a [music] show here. But still, man, it is 9. Good morning. Uh, it is still just 10:09. We were in our sixth attraction before 10:00. We were in We just That was just 10 minutes ago. I boarded I boarded Tiana's Bay Adventure or so thereabouts. Um yeah, six e tickets, six major attractions in two hours. And I would argue, and I don't think it's much of an argument, if either Roger Rabbit or Big Thunder happened the way it should have, you know, normally we would have had our seventh. We would have been into our seventh ride today before 10:00 a.m. Seven. So, uh, it's still pretty generational day. Uh, it's going to be hard to beat this even, uh, in, you know, in the future if things go better. But, man, that was pretty great. That was pretty pretty great. And all of it had to do with rope dropping the roach. Getting that 15-minute head start sets up the whole thing. Sets up everything. Really amazing afternoon. I hope you guys, or morning, I should say. Hope you guys enjoyed. Stay tuned for more. I'm still not sure where I'm putting this video, but probably tours. [laughter] Uh but yeah, I hope you guys watch our D or our Disneyland hotel video also that experience that's how you know this this rope drop was a success because we got to stay at the the Disneyland Hotel this morning and I want to thank uh Muel for his kindness on that. Thank you guys. Good morning. Good morning. Thank you. Uh yeah, we were gifted a couple nights there so uh that was pretty cool. And uh thank you guys very much for watching. We love you. Be safe. Be kind. Fresh bake. Stick around though because we're going to walk it out on Main Street. >> Good morning everyone. >> Oh. Oh. Where are they? >> Favorite place. Main Street USA. We are the Taffer Dans. [music] >> Oh, he's right behind us. >> They're right behind us. USA [singing] and the >> [music] >> I will always [music] [singing] [music] [singing] >> [music] >> Tell your mother she's not [music] [singing] alone. [music] always pick you up. Wake you up. [music] blessing. [music] I know it is [music] right now. [music] Yes, sir. [singing] >> [music] >> That feels so magical. [music] >> Hey guys, I'm going to get a selfie of us right here. [music] >> We'll see you real soon. Have a great day. Good morning. >> Morning. >> Oh my. [laughter] Right on. I could up.
