---
video_id: RwpA9DZ4cLI
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwpA9DZ4cLI
---
What's happening, guys? Ro the live stream. That's funny. Okay. What's happening? What's going on? What are we doing? What are we talking about? >> [sighs and gasps] >> Ryan Labacita, your food video was awesome. Thank you. I appreciate that. I like making those. Great [snorts] food. Good. Good food coming to Disneyland this year. Great food. Hello, Sacramento. Something. Oh, yeah. Tomorrow. You guys want to talk about Josh tomorrow? We could talk about Josh tomorrow. We could talk about crypto. [laughter] Uh, margaritas with Taheen. We could definitely talk about that. How's the warm weather, man? I'm tired of it. It's It would be fine. I don't mind warm weather when it's supposed to be warm like uh like in the summer, but when these Santa Anas hit and it's supposed to be cold right now, it's just really really annoying. [snorts] Wait, Apple's up. How'd that happen? How'd you guys survive? I got stuck a little bit. I got stuck a little bit with Amazon and Google uh and and Silver. I got stuck a little bit there, but I got I got out some of it anyway. Is it possible live music will ever return to Galactic Grill Stage? No, probably not. Disney just they have determined that that's a negative ROI and it it's that's how they that's how they show you know more profit than the last year is by cutting stuff like that. [snorts] Thank you to dark. Wait, we did this once before. Now I want to say is it Darce? I I want to say is No, it could be Dar. I'm not for the two bucks. Thank you. Uh way more okay with tomorrow than ShapeCec. I think that's the absolute win. Yeah. Um Josh tomorrow if nothing else. And I think somebody asked me, you know, you guys had asked me a couple weeks ago who I thought it would be and I've always felt like it was tomorrow. I I would have been shocked if it wasn't tomorrow, but uh but mostly just because of his, you know, public facing face. As I mentioned, we did a news report uh on FreshBake Presents. We did a video about him and uh you know, if nothing else, he just he gives good face. Still coming. I'm trying. Did Genie Plus finally die? Vance, I'm not sure what you mean. Uh no, no. Well, they just changed the name. Genie Plus is still here. They just call it lightning lane now. Yeah. So, I think I I the I don't know really. It's so hard to say because how do you how do you separate Josh Demaro the decision maker from Bob Iger the decision maker? Like how are we able to say for example that for sure and I'm pretty sure I'm right on this but for sure that that Josh Dearo approved cars at Magic Kingdom in the Rivers of America or was that a Bob Iger thing like Josh Dearo is literally the president of parks. So, do is that that's a Josh Demar thing. That worries me that that's a Josh Demar decision. That worries me, [laughter] you know, but but what but how do we know uh how do we know that that didn't come from Iger? We never know. I don't know, man. It's tough. But I got to think, look, I can't make every single possible decision. So, yeah, that's got to be that's got to be a Del Maro thing, right? I like Josh. He seems like a nice guy. I've I've encountered him more than a few times and I I like the way he I like the way he, you know, he's certainly an upgrade over Look, Bob Chapek wouldn't have given two shits about the Rivers of America for sure. He probably he probably doesn't even know what's on the island. He's probably never even been to the island and he would have gladly gladly tore it up to put uh cars in there. if he thought it would make a buck. So I I don't know if we can say, you know, tomorrow. Um I just I I do think I do think that there is some possible room for optimism. I do think somebody said on Twitter uh what what what was holding Josh Dearo back from doing all the things that we're hoping he does or will do when he's president? What was holding him back or CEO I should say? What was holding him back when he was president of parks? And my answer was permission. Let's hope that that he was, you know, restrained on some of those park, you know, guest friendly park decisions by others, you know, like I don't know. I I I have to hope. I have to hope. Like I said, he's got to be better than got to be better than Chape. Got to be better than Cheek. Bob Paycheck would have built a gift shop on Thompson Island if he knew it was there. Well, they did. They had a They had a That's the problem, you guys. While we're on the topic, that's the problem with Thomas Island. Nobody went on that island. Nobody. They had a restaurant and I don't think they had a gift shop, but they had a restaurant and they had reasons to for people to go and they they had to close the restaurant because nobody went on the island. So, on the one hand, we're all like the people demand Rivers of America. Okay, but you didn't go. If you're if it meant so much to you, get on a damn raft and go to the island and eat at eat at Ant Paulies or I forget is that the name of it. Ant Paulies. The one time I the first time I went back to Magic Kingdom and after it had been a very long time, I saw that there was an the the restaurant on Thomas. I'm like, I cannot wait. I cannot wait to get on that island and eat at that restaurant. and I got on the island and it wasn't there. [laughter] I was so upset. CBC Jr. gifted $20. Thank you. Would you talk about Dana Walden being promoted to president and chief creative officer of Disney and how that would go with tomorrow? Do you feel they would end the reservation system? No, I don't think they will end the reservation system. I don't think that uh Dana is going to have any input on that at all for that matter. uh for all from all inputs that I'm getting, Dana Walden is a competent person and and and was wellliked and has a good history and everything and they people would have not have been surprised if she was named CEO, but I get why they chose tomorrow because of his parks background and they feel like parks is the is the cornerstone of of the Disney company. I don't know enough about Dana Walden to say myself if if she's going to be, you know, the best, you know, at her job or whatever. But I do I don't think that they're going to end the reservation system. No. Uh the reservation system is on tomorrow's watch. Also, let me add that on his parks president watch. Emily gifted $5. Thank you. Hi Dave. Do you know how the new popcorn bucket ferris wheel is going to go tomorrow, but I'm sick and can't go? I'm not sure what you're asking. How to get one? I think they're sell Well, I think they're selling at a lot of the usual places at the popcorn carts, I would imagine, but I don't know what you I'm not sure what you're asking, Emily. I'm sorry. Uh Otis, skip the $5. Thank you. I always felt like I put the other Bob into do things he wanted done and take the fall for it. Had intel from China before COVID hit. I mean, I guess that's possible. Um, I don't know. I I I don't know. I Who can say? Like, we don't know anything, you guys. We literally don't know anything. People want to speculate. You see that on social all the time. Um, you know, they think they got it all figured out. Let me tell you something. I've bent on enough, you know, I've seen enough comments in and messages about me in this gig. I've seen enough comments on message boards and on, you know, in in chats, etc., where people think they've got me figured out and they've got this whole thing figured out. You guys don't know nothing. [laughter] Well, I should say when it comes to like controversial or conspiracy type stuff. They think we got it. They got it all figured out and like, you know. Anyway, so I I guess what I'm trying to say is we don't know. We We don't know if Bob did that or not. We're never going to know. How would we? Who's going to say? Who's going to tell? That's because that I mean, unless you're in the room. Uh, let's see. David Wheeler gifted eight bucks. Thank you. We did both parks this Christmas in the rain and loved it. Big thanks to your videos coming back this Christmas. You're welcome. Glad you guys had fun. Uh, thank you to Dark Eight. I still don't know. Have you told me which one is right? Rivers had major structural issues and a money pit. Well, that's another thing, you guys. And I don't think that people give that enough uh they they ignore it, right? They they ignore the logic of why it happened. And this is not going to come out and say it, although I wish they would. I wouldn't mind a little a little transparency on this. I think the river I think the river was broken. The island was broken and the river was broken. I think that it would have been cost it would have cost more to fix it than it would to build cars. That's what I think. I think it was so bad. There was something so wrong and it the the future was so bleak for that island that they really didn't have a choice. Uh especially if they had to do if they wanted to expand at all. If they wanted to build Villains Land for example or what's behind Big Thunder, if they want to do any of that, then that's also a problem for the island. And I don't think there's I don't think people are giving that possibility enough possibility, right? I re I actually I don't think they want to do I I really I don't know. Maybe it was a good excuse. It's hard to say, but it's very easy to just, you know, cast them as villains in this. And maybe they are. Uh, but I don't think it was as simple as them just treat deciding that they didn't want the island anymore. I don't think it was that simple. I think there's a lot more to that. Uh, thank you to that William for the $2 gift. Is the park in the UAE going to be tomorrow's baby? Uh, well, yeah, that was that was under his leadership as well. They're going to have to do a new image of him walking around in the in the bar desert like Walt Disney did and like Bob Iger did. B Klein, get the five bucks. Thank you. I'm at DCA right now. It's packed, but fantastic. Interesting. It's really busy. Is it? Uh, great meeting you after paint the night last night. Um, I'm trying to remember who I I met a lot of people that night, [laughter] so I'm not sure which guest you are, but nice to meet you as well. Um, it was kind of dead last night. I was at Paint. Yeah, I did a video. By the way, I'm doing a the video that I made. I did a, you know, I went to go see paint last night and I did a vlog and it's half the video is about paint the night and the other half is about its effect on the cues on the matter horn specifically being a prey adjacent attraction. What's more of an interesting angle when it comes to title and thumbnail do you guys think? I'm going to run this by you. What would you rather watch? a video about paint the night or a video of what happens to the Matter Horn queue before and after a parade. Trey Keshi gets the two bucks. What's the worst day of the week to go to the park? Wow. Uh that actually depends quite a lot. Um I don't know. Uh I mean you people want to say Saturday or or Friday maybe, but I I really don't believe that's the case. I mean it might still be it might still be Monday. Monday might still be the worst day to be in the park. Uh, TX may post to give the two bucks. Got my fresh baked sweatshirt. I love it. Glad to support. Thank you very much for that. Thank you also to Sizzler. Sizzler Sizzler two bucks. Any chance rid is open by March 7th? Probably not. I don't know for sure. Padfoot, get the five bucks. Thank you. Going to Disneyland this weekend from Arizona. What's the best strategy for getting a spot for paint the night? Uh what day are you going? Uh it depends on, you know, where the parade starts um and where it finishes. The main street always, well, I should say the opposite end of where it starts fills up last. So if it starts at Small World, it's going to fill up first there. I got a good spot at Small World last night, a half an hour before the show, but that was a slower night. It just it depends on it depends on um you know what kind of night you're going, what the crowds look like. But if it you won't have too much difficulty. Uh the spots by the Matter Horn are usually kind of a last minute spot. Um, but yeah, there's usually spot behind the if you don't mind standing behind a bunch of people, then you know, you can get a spot pretty much anywhere uh without too much difficulty. Uh, okay. Let me see. Uh, Miss Lisa, give the 20 bucks. Thank you. Planning on going to the parks May 3rd to use the California deal. We'll be super busy. I mean, probably. I mean, it's May. I don't I mean, it's hard to say. Uh, go back and watch our state of Disneyland reports from May last year. That's a probably a good place to look and just get an idea of what the crowds are like. I don't expect it to be much worse uh or much different than that. Uh Nick Pico gets the two bucks. Any plans going back to Walt Disney World? We're going in March. I think Trey Kishi gets the $5. Thank you. They have to change the old laughing place right in Tiana's. The screens ruin the ride. Yes, I don't like those screens. I agree. If those screens stopped working, I'd be fine. Trey gets the two bucks again. Do you uh holiday overlays will be at Disney World? [laughter] I'm trying to process that one. We're missing a couple words, I think. Um they they decorate Main Street and Fantasy Land, I think, for the for the holidays, for Halloween and Christmas. And that's about it. Uh I think I mean they do decorations. You mean rides? Just Jingle Cruise, right? I think it's just Jingle Cruise. Uh Jazelle, get the six bucks. Thank you. Trying to make my annual trip from Canada, but less flights and no ticket discount. Wonder how busy the year will be. Well, the fact that they're trying to sell these tickets at discount prices tells you they think it's not going to be very busy. I'll give you that. But then the discount ticket may fill them fill in some of those gaps. Trey Kenishi uh get the two bucks. Least busy day at the park. Least busy day is Sunday. Nate gets the two bucks. Thank you. Have you watched the Muppets episode yet? No, I have not. I'm sorry. I've been so far behind on all that stuff because I like to watch golf, you guys. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [gasps] Whatever Whatever time I have to watch stuff, then I want to stream stuff. I'm watching golf. I'm so sorry. [laughter] Drake is two bucks. Rock and roller coaster and Muppets. Muppets. I I feel like I missed some questions there that I wanted to answer, but I don't think I'm going to be able to find them. Oh, here we go. Yeah, people were chiming in on my question. Uh, you know what? I'm gonna do this. Let's do this. Let's uh How do I Where's it at? Do I not have that option? I thought I could. Trey Keshi, what Space Mountain is the best? I mean, I do love our Space Mountain, but I do love Magic Kingdom Space Mountain also. Don't ask me that. Don't ask me. Yeah, I don't know. There's no option here for a poll. They did. They take that out. Where is They took out the poll. Oh, here it is. I found it. No, that's something else. Never mind. I didn't find it. Trey can get the $5. Thank you. What do you think they will do with the Monster Inc. props? They'll probably go to the new ride. Yeah. Um I think so. Uh, Katherine, gift of $5. Thank you. Is the little holiday tree still up at the Jingle Cruise? Oh, you know, you know, I haven't noticed. I gotta go check on that. I I'll check on that on Friday, tomorrow. Uh, let's see. Uh, Ralph Moon, get the $5. Thank you. Back to your question. Your park science vids get my attention more so than attraction parades vids. Okay, so there's that. Uh, so did everybody vote for the Matter Horn science? Is that what everybody voted for? Or for the for the parade effect science? I did a parade effect video one time and it bombed miserably. [laughter] So that's why I'm not sure gifted at $2 thinking. Will they ever do a monsters ride in Disneyland? No. No, they won't. Uh I still can't find why why is it gone? The pull if option is gone. Well, it will be both for I mean, we're going to show you the parade and it's going to be part of it, but I'm just talking about what am I selling? Am I selling the paint the night or am I selling the the Matter Horn science drinking as you get the two bucks? Thank you. What fantasy ride will they update next? I'm not looking for one anytime soon. Uh, but Toads I I it's my understanding that they have designs or plans for Toads, but uh they they they never went through with it. But that's but I think if they're going to do another one, it's going to be toads. So, what happens with Iger? Does he retire? I mean, yeah, [laughter] he was already retired. He came out of retirement, so he goes back to being retired. He's going to be around to answer questions. He's going to be there to help him if he needs it, I'm sure. Uh, KR Metaf give the two bucks. Thank you. When will they put the 70th sign back on Main Street? I'm hoping they don't. I was ugly as hell. I don't like that sign one bit. I'm grateful that they didn't put it on Main Street. Trey can get the two bucks. Have you stayed at the Pixar Pier? Uh, you mean? Well, what's you mean the the the hotel? I stayed there once when it was the Paradise Pier Hotel. Never as the Pixar Pier Hotel. I was not impressed. I got food poisoning at that little uh buffet they had, the Goofy Surf buffet thing. It ruined my It almost ruined my Galaxy's Edge opening day experience. I heard Toad goes under Alice in Wonderland. Crazy of true. It is true. Yes. More like Alice goes over Toads, though. They share what one of the rooms shares two floors. Like one room in Alice is over one room in Toads, but not the whole thing. Battle Boring. Get the $5. Thank you. Do you think Gardenwalk will turn into Disney property? No. they they had many chances to buy that property and they did not. Disney doesn't want to own it. I think it has to do with the fact that there's a there's a writer in the purchase contract for that space for the Garden Walk that says you have to allow and and and sort of coexist with that hotel. Uh I forget what the name of the hotel is, but that means that Disney would be sort of endorsing that hotel if they were to buy that property. Uh it's they they they wouldn't uh it has to be there. So I don't I don't think Disney wants to be in the garden walk business. No, we did a whole video about that actually a long long long time ago and my opinion on that has not changed. Nathan, get the two bucks. Thank you. Uh any announced DL plans for USA 250? Uh well besid well besides the soaring soaring uh over America uh in their food. Yeah, there's announced plans. We did we did a video on that as well. Uh but it's mostly going to be food and it's it's going to be on ABC. There's going to be some synergy there. Uh but we're getting a new a new show for soaring over the world. Let's see. Uh the coaster freak get the $5. Thank you. Do you think Josh will give us any updates regarding Disneyland Ford or the Eastern Gateway? Not directly. No. No. But he but I mean we're going to get some probably D23. They're probably going to save that for D23, which is going on sale pretty soon, I think. Right. Charles, gifted $5. Thank you. How did you learn about construction? How do you know what those markers on sidewalks mean? I just looked it up. [laughter] I mean, I don't know anything. I'm not in construction. I my my you know my degree is in finance. Uh I'm a numbers guy. I I I do math and uh and count money. Um so I don't know anything about construction other than what I I research stuff and I try to figure things out. I ask around a little bit. But um yeah, mostly I just try to, you know, infer from reference. Trey Kish get the two bucks. Thank you. Do you think they will do another 24-hour night? No, that was the last one. The last one was such a cluster thing. Uh the last one that they'll never do it again. Uh Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Pixarfest round two. What would need to be better? I don't think people care about Pixar to be honest. I I I mean as a as a as a enticement those fest things just don't it's just food. That's all it is. And the food was not very good. The Pixar fest food was not very good. And that's that's basically all those things are is just food. They don't do anything. They need to do something. If you're going to do something, do something like something big, you know? I hate I hate boy. I really said that. how halfass they do celebrate or uh season of the force and uh and things like Pixar Fest and it's so halfass like they don't go for it at all. If Eisner were running things, he would have been out there making a spectacle of himself uh you know trying to promote that thing. And I'm hoping that tomorrow has some of that in him. I want to see them open up the checkbooks a little bit and stop thinking about the bottom line and start thinking about guests. I know it's I've been saying that for years, but really that's how you do it. That's how this the the park Disneyland was built on having respect for the guest. It was built on wanting to entertain the guest. It was built on a desire to put on good show, not about profit. I know it's easy to say that in Einstein, but that really is that really is what it's all about. And you just have to have faith like a like a baseball field in the cornfield. You have to have faith that if you build it, they'll come. But the point is the show, Josh, and anybody else who's listening at Disneyland, the point is the show. the show comes first. That's something that we have been saying on FreshBaked for 13 years. There's there's there's a a slogan amongst those of us who, you know, uh or you know, when I'm in the when I'm in the show and even if I'm by myself or if I have somebody with me, show first. It's always show first. Never mind what it means to me or uh you know, if I'm tired or if I got to if I got to do this thing or do that thing. Show first. That's what matters. Okay. Uh let's see. Rick Sanchez, gift the $5. Thank you. Going to rope drop the the land Monday, Wednesday, Friday till March 31st. Which is the best day to rope drop DCA? It doesn't matter anymore. Uh uh it doesn't matter the because there's no early entry. So it whatever day I mean uh I'm trying to think. Uh maybe Monday and then Wednesday, Friday. Uh are you there? Is it just Wait, you're saying so Monday, Wednesday, Friday? Yeah, just DCA. Maybe Monday. Yeah, I guess. I don't know. It sort It doesn't really matter. Matt, get the two bucks for no reason. Thank you. And is that all the other I missed? Oh, uh Walking Wanders get the two bucks. Thank you. Missed a few lives. Good to see you. Brian Nesser, thank you very much for joining us. And Trey gets the two bucks. Is Fast Lane at Universal worth it? Tired. It depends on your definition of worth. It's a lot of money. I don't know. I don't know how rich you are or how broke you are, [laughter] but that's going to enter into it, but it's a lot of money. It depends on how busy it is that day. Uh many days you don't need it at all. Other days you can't survive without it. Same thing for Knots Berry Farm. And I have no idea. You don't know until you get there. Luckily, you can buy it on the spot um and it'll work immediately. So, just get there first. Don't buy it in advance. Get there first. Test out a couple rides. See how it looks. And if you're getting on everything, then don't worry about it because there's only eight rides. It's not even a full day park. Nate gets the two bucks. Thank you. He says, "Hit the like button." Excellent advice. Thank you very much, Nate. Katherine, get the $5. Thank you. When did shareholders in the stock market intermingle with Dizzley? I mean, Disney's been a publicly traded company since Walt's days. So, I mean, I guess that's always been a thing, but uh I'm not sure if Disney's doing things for shareholders, per se, but they are trying to show a healthy bottom line. Now, that's that that's not really a Disney problem in the sense that every business does that. every business makes. This is why we pay $17 today uh for a Big Mac combo because uh you know because they have to they have to show year-over-year gains. They can't show losses. They have to keep showing that they made more money than they did last year. And the only way to do that is to either lower the margins or sell or or charge more, you know. And by lower the margins, I mean cutting, you know, expenses. That's why shows get cut at Disneyland. entertainment. That's why we get half of, you know, half a Pixar Fest instead of a whole Pixar Fest. But that's that's not a new thing and it's been around a long time. Certainly, uh, Walt was more willing to, you know, it was Roy that had to rain Walt in. So, there was people there to to slow him down. There were there were guard rails. I know Eisner didn't give a rip. [laughter] Victoria gets the $5. Thank you. Does Disneyland have Season of the Force every year? Uh, I don't I don't remember if it if it was announced. They did a whole calendar, guys. Correct me if I'm wrong. It wasn't Season of the Force was not on and nor was Pixarfest. Is that right? They did a calendar already. I don't think I don't think it's in there, which is good. I'd rather they not have it than than do this halfway stuff. Are we getting somebody a trait? Is that happening? I hear I see some I see some chatter. Bat phone is charged. Yes. Angela, is the key to Disneyland scavenger hunt still happening? Yes, it is. You can buy them today. Everything is still operational. I still hear people doing the bubbles and all that stuff. Trey gift of $5. Thank you. That was crazy. Those lines at knots need to be better with times of a rotation. Yeah, knots can be diabolical sometimes. If you catch knots on the wrong day, you're screwed. Rick Sanchez, get the two bucks. Good looking out. Mondays are now for adventuring. There you go. I was amazed nothing special was announced for the Mandalorian movie. You mean by instead of besides the whole new scene they're putting into Smugglers Run, Mandalorian's getting a scene or uh whatever Smuggler's Run, you can you can do Mondo mode. Mando Mando mode, right? That's happening same time the movie comes out. Uh Matthew Brown gets the two bucks. Thank you. Do you think the bus is going away is for Avatar? No, not at all. That was a uh financial decision. Frankie gets the $5. Thank you. Now that tomorrow is CEO, what are the chances he tells the financeers to get a budget going for a new Tomorrowland? I like we're always looking for like, okay, this is the guy. He's the guy that's going to get this done or that done. I don't think so. Those are institutional issues. The reservation system is an institutional issue. Tomorrowland is an institutional issue. It's the same like it's whenever, you know, like the president, whoever gets like day one, I'm going to make these policy changes and he gets there and he's like, you know, sorry, sir, Mr. present. You can't do that. [laughter] We gota we gota we got to hold you back a little bit. We can't do that. Uh Trey gets the two bucks. Is every day busy in the summer or no? No. No. Uh June and July were dead last year. Dead. EJ. Oh, hey there's Leighton. Evan Kemp 20 bucks. Just want to say hi. Hi Evan. How are you? Hope you're well. Uh, did we get do we have a taker on on on treats? Am I buying anybody something? What if he remodels Tomorrowland and calls it Tomorrowland? He wouldn't do that, [laughter] but that's that's humorous. Uh, Battlebor, thank you. A week before your last video, the super slow day, the park was bananas busy. Yes, it was. What's your best guess for the fluctuations? I mean, it's could be a combination of a lot of things. Some people were suggesting the measles breakout, which I mean, there was one person that didn't bother me any um I I don't know. I I honestly don't know it there. For others, it's the rebound effect of of Magic Keys, you know, they were blocked out and they were hyped to get in there, so uh there was a rush to get in there. Um but other than that, I I can't really say. I don't really know for sure. Cost Coaster Freak gift to $5. Thank you. How do you think they're going to immerse us from Hollywood Land to Avatar? Portals. We're going to go through a portal, you guys. I don't see how there's any other way. The magic of portals. Uh, let's see. Okay. What? Uh, yeah. What are we doing? Cars on coffee. Are we down? What are we doing? Uh, Nate. Oh, there it is. Nate gets the two bucks. Uh, Cars on coffee. Would like the quantum pretzel. Excellent choice. That's a fine choice. Sizzler gets the two bucks. My great uncle Dixon Miaz knew Walt himself. That's amazing. That's a pretty cool thing to say. Galaxy astronaut gift $5. Do you think the parks will be packed on Sunday? No. I'm actually going to be there uh morning up. I'm going to be there in the morning and early afternoon before before the game. So, uh stay tuned for that. Well, if you want to find out what it looks like. Casey Junior, get the two bucks. Thank you. Will does that forward affect railroad operations? No, not at all. S SW88890 get the $5. Thank you, David. Thank you for always being so positive. That cheerfulness you share with us is special and is something that is so cherished by us. I appreciate you saying that. I like being positive. It's great. It, you know, it takes the pressure off. you know, uh, being angry or just in a bad mood, that's a lot of stress. It's, you know, it it it it takes the pressure off when you when you can just like, you know what, whatever. Be happy. Like, uh, like when I got cut off at the grocery store, you know, it's all right. Go ahead, lady. It's fine. [laughter] What are you gonna do? Get mad? Come on. Uh, what are we doing? Quantum Pretzel. I keep remembering or forgetting that I got to do it a certain way. Dining. Matter horn or Big Thunder. I I think Big Thunder is what I prefer. I'm sorry guys. I've had a long day. I've been I've been glued to my uh stock ticker for the past five days. It's tiring. [laughter] [snorts] I don't know if you guys have been affected by uh the stock market these days, but my goodness, it's been very stressful. Why am I having such a hard time finding this? What am I doing? Where is There it is. There we go. Uh, okay. 750 7:55. Uh, thank you for Caesar for the $5 gift. Hope you're having a good day. I was the guy that asked how many times you hear fresh baked last night. Right on. What did I say? 100 200. Uh, quantum pretzel. There we go. Ryan Lacita get the two bucks. Thank you. What was your top three favorite foods at Lunar? I'm going to get you some beer cheese sauce just in case. Um, I the garlic noodles. Uh the spicy the spicy wings were good. And uh the drink the doe whip drink. Okay, here we go. Add a card as always. No. Oh my god. That's right. This didn't work last time, right? You guys remember that? I had a hell of a time getting this to work last night. Hopefully, or last week. Hopefully, it works this time. Order is placed. Code is 6533. 6533. Uh, you'll have it in about 10 minutes. Okay. Where was I? Uh, Eric's here. Gift of $20. Thank you. Hey, David. We are planning to be at the parks February. Are you able to add gift cards to your Disney park app from mobile orders? Yes, you can. And are you able to use the app at the shops if we can link our gift cards? Yes, you can. Uh, Trey gets at $5. But by the way, just what I did just now where I added my card, there's two options. You can add a gift card or you can add a credit card. You can do both. Uh, going to the park on 68 of July. Oh, 6th through the 8th of July, Monday through Wednesday. Good. Yeah, those are good. Those are great. We're fine. [laughter] You're fine. Battleboring gets the $2. Thank you. Favorite ride in Fantasy Land? Um, Mr. Toads, I guess. I mean, I love them all. Mad Horn's awesome. I love Small World. Peter Pan. You kidding? But I do love Toad. I do love Toad. Oh, Casey Junior. See, this is so hard. I forgot about Casey Jr. I do the Casey Junior. Yeah. Now, Casey Jr., then Toad, then Peter Pan. What is a praise? What is a parade you'd want to replace Paint the Night? Uh, Magic Happens, I guess. I mean, I certainly prefer Magic Happens over uh Sensational. I think Sensational uh is dead. I think I read an article today that Disney has taken out all the mobile checkout kiosks out of all stores except world of Disney. I do I do believe that is true. Yes. Yes. I'm not positive why, but I mean I would assume it's because people weren't opting in. Uh Disney really really wants you to be using the app as much as possible for reasons that are more diabolical than you might imagine. Uh and so they're always looking for ways to get you to use the app. That's why they have that thing where the the car locator, the stupidest, most pointless thing ever is that car locator in the app, but they want you to turn your phone on. They want you logged into the app as soon as possible and that's why they put the the the uh the car locator. Mobile order is great. I mean, mobile checkout's great, but people weren't opting in. It's fine. You know, I I don't I don't like I like the personal connection with people personally. I mean, I do like I I I the reason I recommend mobile order is only because you save so much time. You save so much time using mobile order over standby. I mean like Bango Barbecue, you can save 30 40 minutes uh using mobile order. Does the people mover only move people or are you allowed a pet on it? [sighs] There is no people mover. [laughter] What is people's need to bring their pets to the park? Like when did that happen? How did that happen? You can't >> [gasps] >> Uh, I don't know. I I don't know if you can or you could. I guess you're speaking about the one at Magic Kingdom, but there isn't one at at Disneyland. So, uh, Mark Ver get the $5. Thank you. Do you think they'll bring back the crane company bathrooms of the future in Tomorrowland? I have no idea. I know it's comfort animals, but come on. Like back in the day, 10 years ago, if you saw even one dog in the park, you know, then that was a big deal. But now everything, you know, look it, I know that there are some folks who have a good reason to have one, but I know that some others are not doing that. I know this because I witnessed a guest with a a goodsized dog pretty much attack Pluto. Now, not in a not in a violent way, but he was barking and jumping up and putting his paws on Pluto. That's not a comfort animal because like a proper comfort animal would have been trained not to do that. They're trained to to provide comfort, not to cause a problem. And I I was embarrassed like for that person. Like, what are you doing bringing in a dog that can't control themselves in a public place like that? And I that's not the only time. I've seen many cases where dogs are not behaving like a comfort dog should behave. So, I know that people are abusing that system is my point. Who I I don't know. I don't know how to identify them other than dogs acting out. But, um, you know, there's got to be some way that that people can get along with their lives without bringing their their poodle to Disneyland. You know, there's got to be a way. Jeff Nelson, gift of $5. Thank you. Thoughts on Napa Rose Lounge? It's amazing, I guess. I don't know. I've only been one time, so I have no idea. Uh I I I've been there once. I don't remember it very well. Um it looks expensive. And when I say it looks expensive, I mean the literal menu and the price sheets that I saw looks terribly expensive. How do you enforce service handles? Well, that's the problem, isn't it, Kevin? Because, you know, in spite of there being a a a right way and a wrong way to have a dog in the park, in spite of, you know, people needing or should know better about that, what's a cast member going to do? You going to are you going to admonish that guest? Are you going to chastise that guest? Are you going to kick them out? What are you going to do? They have no choice but to sit there and take it and be nice about it. which is I hate that about these situations. I was having a conversation with people about running in the park because of our rope trap video and everybody's saying why does Disney allow that? And I'm like they don't they don't allow it. It's not you're not allowed to run. But what do you want them to do? What is it that you want cast members to do exactly? Now you could walk them there, but there's still going to be people who are going to do that. What do you do with the people who don't respect the people that are trying to walk you to the attraction? What do you do? I'm asking [laughter] for real. Like, do you do you do you kick him out? Put him in timeout? I don't know. Like, do you have to sit there and take it? People should be able to take care of themselves in public without being guided or having it legislated or, you know, having somebody be strict with you, per se. Like, I don't we are grown ass people. You know, take care of yourself. Be respectful of your on your own accord. MJTastic gift of 10 bucks. Thank you. What's the most realistic likely pivot you anticipate Disney making and putting good show near the top of their priority list now that there's new leadership stepping in next month? My my honest, you know, my um my wishful thinking answer is the reservation system. Uh, but my my cynical answer is nothing. They're not going to do anything. They're not going to do anything. They're going to do what they do. I'm a dog person. Uh, retro. I saw a a lady take a Great Dane. A is a Great Dane a service animal for real? I I mean, I don't know if there's rules about how big or small a dog should be, but if you need a service animal, maybe don't get the Great Dane as a service animal. Maybe you get a different dog that's a ser that that's a different size. Uh Katherine get the two bucks. Thank you. Will they ever bring back the day kennel club? No. Disney canceled that. Uh well mostly because people just bring their dogs into the park now. Disneyland is the kennel club. What do they need the kennel club for? Disneyland is the kenno club. Sorry. >> [laughter] [gasps] >> How's the planning going to stay at the little boy little boy blue hotel? Uh, we've got uh Liz and I are making other plans. We want to stay at another harbor hotel, but I do still want to do that. It's going to happen one of these days. Oh, I missed one. Okay, so somebody said a service animal is trained. I understand that. So, train a smaller animal. Why train the great thing? Why does it have to be a great thing? You know what I mean? Uh, webslinger get the two bucks. Thank you. When did you realize this could be your career? Uh, it could be my career. Maybe seven or eight years ago. And then obviously I made the decision a few years after that to actually do it. I had a number in my mind. I had to re I had I had to I had to achieve a certain amount of revenue before I could uh safely, you know, because the thing is when you do that, when you quit your day job, let's say you're making X dollars here and you're making X dollars here as your side hustle or whatever it is, and together it it it makes you make this much money, right? So, this is good. You're making this much money because of this plus this. But then what if you take that out? Now you're now you're not up here. You're down here still. Yikes. [laughter] Right. So, I had to be I had to be making basically double what I was, you know, what I was making already here. Like when I thought about it, I thought, "No, I can't just be happy here. I have to be I have to make this much. I have to make the number that I was making with the two together so that I could then subtract the regular income that I was making and still be able to pay rent." Uh, Don gift of $5. Thank you. Have you ever stayed at the budget in on Ball Road? No, I would not stay on any or any hotel on Ball Road. Am I Are people I see people kind of We're going off on dogs here. Did I Did I hit a nerve? Where do dogs do their business? There's lots of grassy areas where they can uh where they can do their business. They they've actually built some which is really neat. There's some really nice little greening areas for for service animals. Larger service dogs are more adept at helping with bracing, which is helping people stand or with balance when walking. Okay. I mean, I guess so. I don't know. I mean, what were those people doing before? Like, I don't know. the a great dane can help pick somebody up. Okay. Okay. [laughter] All I know is there are dogs acting out in the park. That's all I know. And by the way, I'm seeing dogs that are people are carrying around dogs in ways that are not serviceoriented. Like they're they're they're carrying them. Does that count still? Dia, give the $10. Thank you. Hi, David. Thank you so much for your Toy Story parking lot video. I'm worried to see what will, if anything, take its place. I prefer Toy Story over Mickey and Friends parking lot. Same here. I think that there's going to be they're going to contract with somebody. I think temporarily uh for the two years or whatever between now and when they build the Eastern Gateway. I think they will contract with somebody. Uh yeah, somebody said I won't win. I'm not trying to win, per se. I'm still going to feel the way that I feel. [laughter] Um but that's just because, you know, I spent my life being self-reliant. Like I I value my self-reliance quite highly. I don't need anybody paying my rent. I don't need anybody taking care of me. I don't need anybody making decisions for me. I could take care of myself. I you know, I I I this I don't know. So whenever that that's just my default not to say not to say that you should be like me, but that's just my default reaction to to a lot of situations that I that I come across. I'm like, well, I can handle that. Like that's not a big deal. Deal with it, you know, deal with it. That's just my that's my mantra basically is deal with it. It is what it is. Let's go. Bob Peterson, give the $10. saying, "David, step away from the issue. It'll just drive you off a cliff." I'm fine, guys. Seriously. No, I'm fine. [laughter] It's not bothering me, per se. Uh I just It's just interesting to to to kind of, you know, have that back and forth. I'm not trying to say we need to ban them or strollers. I'm just saying let's make an effort as a human, as an individual to maybe try to do our do our part to to not do those things. I think I guess I just want people to like try [laughter] I you know I see Okay, now the Speaking of strollers, I see like I see like eight-year-old kids in strollers. Kids that they don't even fit in the stroller. Their bodies are too big for the stroller and they're getting pushed around. What are we doing? Why are there eight-year-old kids in strollers? [laughter] [gasps] I'm sorry. Yeah, I know you can walk. [laughter] I just know it. I just know it. Yeah, I know it's easier, but deal with it is what I'm saying. As a parent, as a parent, deal with it. Connor, get the two bucks. Thank you. Are you going to Star Wars night this year? No, I am not. Ryan Lacita, how's the war on French fries coming? Not very well. Uh although uh we got tots at pims. We got tots at pims. Uh steak fries. I mean, not straight fries, but the uh the the beer batter fries are still there at Hungry Bear. Um, here's the thing. I understand. I just I went to I went to u Splitzville. They've got amazing uh crinkle cut fries at Splitzville. They're amazing. Those are still They still got them. Is the Is the Is the whammy shortage not affecting Splitzville? Did Splitzville have a secret connection to still get those crinkle cut fries? Why can't Disney buy the same fries that they're selling at Splitzville? Disney, stop it with these stupid shoestring fries. Garve get to $5. Thank you. My wife and I visited Disneyland last Tuesday. Experienced pin drop. Hundreds of folks were running to buy pins every single Tuesday. Every single Tuesday I always walk by like, "What is that quue for? What What are they doing?" And then I'm like, "Oh, it's pins. People love their pins. Man, they bring their strollers to carry crap and merch." Okay, two things on that. A, no, the kids in the stroller, right? There's kids. There's a there's a there's a a 100 pound kid in the stroller. But two, this is another thing that drives me crazy is that people, you know, uh, hang their bags on the stroller. Oh, don't do that. Don't hang your bags on the stroller because as soon as that kid gets out, everything is going on the ground. Wait, right. Balanced weight. Uh, I see it all the time, man. And then and then obviously the dad gets mad at the kid getting out of the stroller for for everything falling out. Deal with it. Del Taco still has uh crinkle cut fries. You bet they do. Uh was going to try the Gastonburg burger. Uh we had it on it's on our video from State of Disneyland. Um I gave it a four and a half out of five. Chris, what's up? I'm heading back to the hotel. [laughter] Thanks for the update, Chris. Take good care of my wife. All right, [laughter] Liz is doing a thing with Getaway Today. Uh, and they're doing a hotel tours and uh she's going uh she's going for fresh baked. That's one of the reasons why I'm going to the park on Sunday morning, Super Bowl Sunday, is I'm getting a night at the Cambria and I'm going to use that to rope drop. Uh little little goblin queen get the $5. Thank you. Love to stop at the hat. I've been to the hat. It's pretty good for pastrami on the way back to San Diego. Go to Disneyland. What's your favorite pastrami spot near Disneyland? I don't get enough pastrami in my life to be honest. Uh the hat would be the nearest one to us. I'll have to check that out. The one in Lake Forest. I can't think of where else I can Oh, no. Oh, um, yes, we do have one. I forgot. Pets. Pete's Gourmet has We I I had their pastrami burger the other day. That was really good. Pete's they were closed for a long time, so I forgot about them. Uh, Pete's Gourmet makes amazing uh pastrarami sandwiches. And there's another uh pastrami joint in Tustin that I the Bronx Bronx Sandwich Company, I think it is. They're pretty good, too. >> Do you use any Disney travel agents? Well, Retro, uh, as a matter of fact, we are closely affiliated with Getaway Today, whom, uh, that's we were just talking about. Getaway Today is our travel agent and they're also a sponsor of this show. So, if you are planning to book a trip to Disneyland, uh, or Disney World or go on a cruise, contact Getaway Today. Uh, Adfar, gift of $5. Thank you. Just want to say that my wife and I love your show and this is our favorite live yet. The dogs, the fries, the strollers, all agreed. I, you know, like I know that I'm probably not everybody's cup of tea on that, but this just comes from a perspective of that I'm very self-reliant. I I'm sorry if I am. I'm sorry if that comes out. [laughter] I'm sorry if that I've been paying my own way since I was 18 years old. All right. I' I've had two jobs since I was 18, basically. So, you know, and I have worked myself to death in that time. I have worked for the man for 30 30 plus years, and I'm now finally getting to do my own thing for a little bit. But, uh, you know, I have always been that way. I have I have paved my own way since the very beginning. Bought my own car, everything. [snorts] Uh, SD Boutique, get the $10. Thank you. Nightly night at Walt Disney World right now. That's awesome. I'm going to be in Walt Disney World heading that Saturday morning. Oh, that's interesting. Maybe I'll get go to Yell Fresh Bake sometime next week. Hope to see you there. Walk- on wanderers. Skip the $5. Thank you. The roof on raised brace has been growing well because of the dogs. [laughter] Maybe uh I love how well the grass at the uh at Raised Braze is growing. Uh Joju August, I'm gonna say a I don't know 10 bucks. Thank you. I feel like we know the attractions at Disneyland that you would be completely against being replaced. Well, all of them to be honest. Uh, Fantasy, Dark Rides, Montreal, etc. What attractions at Disneyland would you be okay if we're were replaced? I mean, I'd be okay if they reskinned Star Tours. Um, and that's it. I if only because I don't know what there's like I mean I'm not a fan of Smuggler's Run but you can't replace that. There's no replacing Smuggler's Run. You built a land that you know that's very rem what are you gonna do? What are you going to do in that place? You can't replace that. It's irreplaceable. That's probably it. J Boy Walton give the $5. Thank you. Dave, we agree with you completely. Dogs don't belong in the park. It's the same everywhere. Costco, the grocery store. Many people are lying too. I'm not saying they don't belong. I'm just saying I know some of you are lying. Okay, [laughter] that's all I'm trying to say. And for those of you who are lying, deal with it. Jayla has gifted two bucks. Thank you, Hila. We love your vids. What days of the week do you film? I'm usually in the park Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I got that 803. Yeah, I don't I can't stop. But people keep throwing money at me. I'm gonna [laughter] I have to be respectful. Katherine gift of $10. Thank you. Chris posted on a hilarious food blog today for the lunar year. It's not a miss. Pure comedy. Ask him if his lips and mustache are still stained red. I will ask him about that. And uh Okay. I did we get here? I think we did. Thank you guys. No. Get submarines. I love the submarines at Disneyland. Awesome. Uh thank you guys. We're We're here. It's 8:00. Uh, I've got to get back to work. Thank you guys so much for watching. I I love you guys very much. Uh, even the people who bring the dogs, I love you, too. Uh, be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Brush baked.
