---
video_id: Zc22PtgeIR4
channel: FreshBaked
title: "I KNOW what's NEXT! | Disneyland Construction 2026-02-06"
published: 2026-02-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zc22PtgeIR4
---
It's not Coco. Not yet, at least. Pretty sure about that. What we are sure of is that we know what they're doing now. Those are sonot tubes. Something is going up on Disneyland Drive while Harbor Boulevard is getting tore up. Big changes around the Disneyland Resort that will lead to big changes in Disneyland in the near future. We need to investigate. Let's get that story started on Catella Avenue where this week we actually found even more new pink paint on the sidewalks. They are [laughter] absolutely up to something here. That's new and fresh. You can see the different uh saturations in the paint color. Much brighter. That's definitely new. They are up to something. And this runs now this paint is running the full length of of this sidewalk on Catella Avenue all the way to Disneyland Drive. What do those codes mean? Actually, I'm looking at that upside down, aren't I? Okay. 041011 and then like some Morris code dash dot dash. I think we saw those before and we're seeing them again. Now we're seeing that pink paint get into the bushes. [laughter] That's new, too. It's into the landscaping now. Uh, so that's fascinating that it almost makes me think if they're doing that, are is the landscaping on the Catella at risk because that kind of stays there for a little while. Do you really want anyway? Uh, so this pink paint, it keeps going on and on and on. All kinds of tags all the way up to Disneyland Drive up there. I'm not sure what I have learned about this stuff between now and when I am recording the audio for this, but I will have to say this looks suspiciously like updating things for uh a new bus line. That's what I'm thinking. Last week I mentioned that uh I felt like they were updating the corner up there, which we haven't gotten to yet, but that they were updating that corner up there to create a better turn radius for for a future bus line or for buses to have easier access making that turn from Catella to Disneyland Drive. All this happening here looks very much consistent with with that idea. So, we've reached the corner and I want to check in on what's going on there backstage. And at first glance, it didn't look like much. the fence was there, yada yada yada. And then I not just something changed in my eye. I'm not sure if those orange pylons were there. And then I noticed I thought, is that a ditch? Did they dig back there? Or is that dirt from before? You know, that that was always there. So, I looked back at some old footage. This is from a week ago. And I I kind of was focusing on different parts, but you can kind of see some dirt back there. But let's go back two weeks ago. And here's the thing that I'm noticing. There's a curb there. You can very plainly see. You can see black top, a curb of some kind, the white, you know, horizontal stretch there, and then dirt and trees. That curb does not appear as far as I can tell today. when we shot this on Friday that I something looks different about that situation back there. And it could be that we may finally be getting some sort of demo happening back there behind uh this is behind the uh Incredic Coaster and behind Inside Out. And we said in previous weeks, we're probably going to have to wait until after Run Disney. Run Disney was last weekend. And we mentioned that in in our construction report. run Disney is over. So maybe they have waited until this moment to start working backstage. Uh that situation looks different to me and it could be the beginning of something. At first I thought this is kind of a nothing situation. But I mean that I don't know. I don't know. This got me excited. But that's not even our top story, you guys. That's not even our top story with what's happening on Disneyland Drive. I mean, right? Are you ready for this? Okay, before we get there, checking. Oh, look. We found more of that pink paint. Yeah, they've accented that pink paint into Now, this is on the Disneyland side of this of the sidewalk. That's that's the fencing area that we were looking at just before. This is Look, pink. Pink, right? Fascinating. What does it mean? What are they doing? I don't know. Okay, so [laughter] [gasps] there we go. And obviously we've been seeing the pink paint on the sidewalk here for a while, but now it's going into the landscaping. I feel like there's a chance they this that all that's going to be part of that bus lane. I feel like this is bus oriented. Uh walking around. Okay, so uh that that pink paint was there before if I'm not mistaken. Uh everything here looks about like we left it last week. Checking in on the lights. The lights are still there. I wanted to see if the lights were removed or were in the deeper trees, the trees behind the fence. So, I try to peek the camera back there. Zoom in a little bit. What? Oh, there we go. Okay. So, there are still lights on the trees behind the fence as well. Uh you can see sort of, you know, trees in front and trees in back and they all have lights. Going to try to catch this guy just in case there's not a shot of me getting this work when we get up to the top of the Pixar Place Hotel. But there are crew out here. He is digging for something. What that is, I'm not sure. He's actually uh the the the Mickey ear or the Mickey Yeah, Mickey ear is behind him a little bit. So, he's forward to that where there was just trees and sidewalk. Well, and some landscaping too, but not the Mickey ear landscaping as it were. So, we'll have to remember that uh when we get up to the Picture Place Hotel, but there are crew down here in that same vicinity. Uh, but it doesn't I don't hear anything. There's no sound of work. Not really sure what he's doing. There goes the Incredic Coaster. They're still testing that. Oh, that's actually supposed to open today. Vlogging the construction vlog. Uh, that's supposed to open today, but I didn't. That was testing. I heard I heard uh ride ops over the speakers while I was standing here in the credit coaster ride. So, it's not open right now. The park is open, but Incredic Coaster did not open with the park today. We're going to be getting in the DCA in a little bit to check that out and maybe even take a ride. We'll see. Uh, but yeah, Greta Coaster should be running supposed to. And there's another crew right here. This is a new spot. We haven't seen them before. We haven't seen them. That's the entrance to the gate. So, the gate is down. Yeah, the gate is open and they're Oh, he's Oh, yeah. That's a digger. They're digging something, man. Okay, we need to get up there. Let me take this opportunity, guys, to remind you of our good friends at Getaway Today. They are our preferred travel affiliate. If you're looking to make a trip, book a trip to Disneyland, Walt Disney World, go on a cruise, go to Alani, even go to Universal, if that's your wish, you can do all of that with Getaway Today. There's a . Be sure to use that to make sure that they know that we sent you and you will be taken care of by the nicest group. We just spent or Liz just spent uh the whole weekend with them touring hotels. Uh super sweet familyowned business, the best people ever. We love you guys. Uh, and we know that they're going to take good care of you and planning your trip. Getaway Today, . Hope you guys have a great time. I was not expecting to find anything here at the top of the Pixar Place Hotel. I was expecting to find that. I was expecting to find the landscaping still there. But something that we did see just now, we saw them working in that direction. We said, "What is that digger doing back there?" Well, he's digging more concrete. He's digging more of that sidewalk. Well, actually, that wasn't sidewalk. That was blacktop. Uh the sidewalk ended there uh at the at the gate and then it and then it you know started again at the other side of the street, but the landscaping is all still there. It looks more or less like we left it. It looks like maybe they have cleared a little bit more and flattened a little bit more of that dirt stretch where the sidewalk was situation more or less as we found it last week. Let's look a little further up the street though. And I didn't even this. Okay, so we saw another digger or or a bulldozer or something back there. We're wondering what they were doing. We couldn't see over the fence, but now we can see what I thought initially looked like stacked conduit uh for electrical or perhaps water or to bit sewage or something, but those are colorcoded normally. That's not that also that's much bigger than conduit. And that I didn't even notice this. I didn't even notice it at first what those guys are working on. They're installing those sono tubes. That's what those are. Those are sonot tubes. That's uh for concrete. That's, you know, sort of a foundation for a fence. Those sono tubes are being installed vertically in the dirt and then they're going to pour concrete in there as a as a basis, as a foundation for the posts in a fence. Now, what kind of fence we get is debatable, but I feel like that is going to become the new perimeter of the of the backstage area. And then, well, here, let's do this. I took the liberty of imagining that. What would this space look like? Those lined up sauna tubes look like if they put up a fence. Well, kind of like that. Not exactly like that. I did my best, [laughter] but then I realized, no, that's not going to work. We need a sidewalk. So, we put a sidewalk in there. Okay, we're getting closer. That's where guests are going to walk. I imagine, this is how I imagine it's going to look. Guests are going to walk down that path from wherever they're p, you know, coming from the Weston perhaps. And that that fence will be on their right. And then what where you're seeing landscaping and those palm trees, get rid of those. get rid of those and and put in more street. They're going to push that street into that way. Actually, that's not still not quite enough. More like that perhaps. I think it could even go as far as no no landscaping there, no trees at all. I feel like they want to widen that space, that road to create more room for buses. There's going to be some need for more bus traffic here and for wider turn radiuses here for buses. And I think that could be related to what they're doing back on Catella. Also, they're trying to improve the access and the and the public transportation means on Catella Avenue and then having it route around backs to the backside of the park for what reason is interesting because we're not going to have when Disneyland Forward comes around, we're not going to have the Simba parking lot. So, where are those buses going? [laughter] That's what I want to know. But I feel like that's the only thing that makes sense uh as we as we observe what they're doing here. It's the only thing that makes sense as to why they need to push that the the sidewalk further in and create more more room on Disneyland Drive. What this isn't is Disneyland forward. This is not that. Uh we had some suggestions that could be they're getting ready for the bridge. We're nowhere near that part of the process. Matter of fact, those things those those uh sonot tubes are not aligned up in the wrong in the right direction for that. This is a a horizontal line of sonot tubes that are running parallel to Disneyland drive. That's a fence. I would I would almost guarantee it especially based on the input that I'm getting from other folks. We had asked around what's going on here. Now the one thing that I that I would observe is that they're different heights that they're some are a little lower in the ground than others. Now, why that would be, I I'm not sure. Unless Well, the ones in the back there, they're they're more exposed. The the the Earth has been still carved out and not filled in like they are in the ones on the left. So, perhaps that's a a optical illusion of some kind, but it does look like to me that there is a varying height uh to those sono tubes. We'll have to stay tuned and find out. Next week, it'll look a lot different. I I can assure you that. Last week, I had suggested that maybe we might see some paint. I was wondering if maybe they were doing any sort of preparation here at the Simba lot. Uh we might be able to see some paint on the ground, but from up from this view, I could I could tell nothing is happening on the ground down there yet. There's no action happening on the ground at the Similot. No paint, no anything happening there as of yet. So, we'll keep moving forward. Let's get into the park via Downtown Disney. I don't know if you guys uh recognize that, but that was the planter that was behind construction walls and scrim for the past few weeks. They've quickly uh replaced that's the new tree. That's the new tree and landscaping in that planter. Nicely done. Looks great. Looks like a fine tree. Should grow up to be a good, sturdy, fine tree for Downtown Disney. Uh everything looks to be perfect. It's almost as if it never happened. If you were to have come to Downtown Disney a month ago when the tree was there and then come back again a month later, you probably would have walked by this and not even noticed. So, well done by Disney for quickly uh working on what was probably a dead tree. That path to downtown or path from Downtown Disney to the Disneyland Resort is still open. There's uh we've been talking about there was a rumored they were going to kind of close this walkway off a little bit to in order to move the walls out. That has not yet happened. The the Disneyland trams are still dropping off and picking up in the same spot. So, we'll stay tuned for that. There is the current they the scrim and scaffold are down. They've taken down the scrim and scaffold now completely. So, we're down to just working on foundation now. Uh everything has been tore up or at least anything visible. Uh, so we what we did have though were two two excavators doing work back here, which was impressive. They're both digging away down there. Try to move back a little bit to see if I could see anything, but no, there's that wall is doing a very fine job of obscuring our view as are the trees. But there you go. Digger or excavator one and excavator two. Man, that is just heavy duty work. Very exciting. And we'll get one more look from the back side of things where I couldn't see. I was waiting to see if anything showed up in that claw in the excavator claw, but every time it peaked over a nope, that looks empty. They've already dumped out whatever it was that they're moving. So, I'm assuming that's just dirt that they're uh moving right now. They're just scraping dirt and for whatever reason. Let's get into the park. I want to check credit coaster. It's been now almost 2 hours uh since we arrived at the uh you know on Catella Avenue. So I was hoping maybe Incredic Coaster was open and that is an Incredic Coaster vehicle on the track. It's open. Oh my god, is it open? [laughter] Wait till you see what's going on here at Incredic Coaster at 10 a.m. Back to right here. Posted 90 minutes. >> They're in Wild Space. They're out here on the on the pier and on Wild Space. This is one of the longest cues I've seen for Increda Coaster in quite a while. People were absolutely excited about its return and it was closed an hour ago. So, it's possible that this is just that super high people are here to uh to to enjoy credit after having it thing closed for a month. I don't expect this to be the case throughout the day, although it is busy today. That's Lightning Lane. Oh my gosh. That's Lightning Lane right there. Wow. Wow. [laughter] >> I was thinking about getting in this queue. >> We already missed her, >> but I don't think it's going to happen today. I ain't got that kind of time. I get taught for 90 minutes. Holy hell. >> We'll come back to DCA. We have business in there. But I want to get out back out on the Harbor Boulevard. And this is the drop off and pickup area outside on Harbor Boulevard. Uh where we're heading out from this perspective and walking out onto Harbor Boulevard. We're here because uh the the fine folks on the FreshBake Street team, courtesy of the freshbaked presents.com app, submitted some photos, you guys. So, they they're out there doing work. The street team is doing work. These are from Memories in Motion and they spotted these crew out here. This is at that intersection of Harbor and Disney Way. Very busy work here. This is late at night. You got two You got a couple of cherry pickers up there of some kind. uh lots of uh maintenance crew and etc. A lot of activity and I said, "Okay, uh I could top that." [laughter] I showed up on Wednesday evening and I closed the park and on my way back I was on the bus heading back to Toy Story parking lot and we were stopped at that red light on Harbor for a while and that's where I found this little digger breaking up concrete, breaking up the the sidewalk. This is that where he is is if you're coming from Catella toward the park, that's that last uh intersection on Disney way and harbor where uh the embassy the hotel is. Look out, buddy. And so that's the path you take to walk in just before you get to bag check and the and the and the drop off the the vehicle drop off and pickup. I was here for a good solid two minutes just filming this guy rip and tear his way through that sidewalk. For what purpose, I don't know, but that was pretty exciting to see that. And then we got more updates, more photos. These are from Fred [laughter] on the from the FreshBake Street team on the FreshBake presents.com. Appy showed up the next morning and said, "Look at this. They've got some barriers up. Whatever they were doing, they're done. Some barriers are up. Some concrete uh barriers and the red plastic barriers are up. And at this point, it looks like I'm not sure if you can cross that street or not at this point. Here, there you go. Yes, you can. That third image does suggest that there's a uh they created a path, an alternate path to work around that. I said, "Okay, I'll meet you there." So, uh from the vehicle pickup and drop off area that you can either go straight down that sidewalk or go left towards Harbor, uh that sidewalk is closed. That is still the case. that side the the right sidewalk is closed, but you can still walk up towards Harbor Avenue. And you can see they've got some pylons out there. They're doing some work on Harbor. Uh that that lane is closed to guest or to vehicles, but guests can still walk this path. And so we did. Uh there is that that platform, the the the planks that they put down to create that that path. So what are they doing in there? I don't know. Let's find out. Let's walk around. Let's investigate. I have no idea. The landscaping is still there. So, just like before on the other side of Disneyland Drive, they are preserving the land, though. There's a little bit of a a channel being dug there. So, this is probably just below grade stuff, electrical or something to that effect. Finishing up that job, or I mean, still continuing that job, I should say, of what they started out there in the actual intersection. And there you can see where they have dug it down about a foot and a half or so below below uh the surface line. But I can't it's still unsure. We we don't know what stage they are. Uh so we don't know what it is that they did or are going to do. And the same is the case. If you walk across the other side of the street, there's they've dug up that side of the street as well. Fascinating, right? There goes the bus into the parking lot. So that's where we just were as the other side of that street. And they've done the same thing over here, but there's not there isn't as much dug dug up here. Now, it's interesting. All this here, they're not they're done digging that up. Where I've got the camera pointed now is all new concrete or mostly all new concrete. Obviously, you can tell where the black top ends and the white concrete begins. That's what the new stuff. That arrow, that's old concrete. You can kind of tell that. But everything here as you walk across the street, that's new. I have to think that's that that's done, right? That's got to be done. So, that's what that's what's kind of mysterious about this is that they they went ahead and did all that. They went ahead and did all that and then they did this. So if there was something more to it, if it was part of a larger thing, then they probably would have saved all this for the same operation, maybe. So this is probably just new kind or they probably tore it up in order to get at some Well, I don't know. I don't know what's over here. This is the part that I don't get. We saw the open trench on the other side. We saw that there's, you know, they were digging up dirt there and we saw the open trench here, but I don't really see anything open on this side of things. There's nothing open here to suggest that there there's there's uh a mission or something a task that they have to complete here. I don't see anything. I just see Well, maybe maybe it's too early. Maybe we got to come back next week and see if there's a hole. So, I'm on the streets. The Fresh Bake Street team is on the streets. Even my wife who is out there doing some stuff with Getaway today. She's been staying at the Cambria Hotel and she said, "David, there's [laughter] all kinds of public works happening out here, too." Now, this is not directly connected. Cambria Suites, which is they've changed the name to Anaheim something or other, uh, is not directly connected to the areas that we were before. There's quite a bit of real estate, quite a bit of space between this where we're at now, the Cambria, and let's say uh, Disney Way and and Clementine and all that. There's a good few blocks. So, I'm not sure how connected this is, but what Liz found while she was walking the streets of Anaheim Boulevard is a bunch of paint. A significant amount of paint as you reach the corner. Look at all that. Now, again, this is not connected. This we're not on anywhere near Disney property, which makes me think if it is if it is related, it's most likely again going to be something to do with buses. I think that there's some kind of action happening with public transportation or buses or something to that effect. Uh then that's if there is a connection. It could be completely unrelated. Obviously, cities do this stuff everywhere. You go to any city and you walk around, you can you're going to find pain on the ground wherever you go. Uh I never really paid attention to it, but I see it now everywhere. So, it may or may not be related, but if it is, I'm going to bet that it's related to transportation. I think very exciting stuff happening around the perimeter of the park. Let's get back in the park. Well, actually, let's get back into the Downtown Disney. We'll check in on Earl Sandwich, which there's no visible activity here. Uh Lego store. No update from the Lego store. The bucket has not moved. When the bucket moves, something is happening at Tortilla Joe's. There's been that is our state of the bucket report. We'll get on the Pixar palaround to look at the state of Coco. Okay, now there's still no action here, but now I feel like maybe maybe next week we might be able to see something happening back there because that dirt that we were talking about is right on the other side of that building. That's where on the other side of those trees, that's where they're putting in the sonot tubes. That's where they've been clearing the trees out uh on Disneyland Drive. There is the current state of Avengers Infinity Defense. Looks like nothing happening at all from this angle from the Pixar Palaran, which is a shame. We may stop seeing anything worth seeing soon. Same thing for the restrooms happening at the cozy cones. That looks very much like it always has the past few weeks. No movement there, but stay tuned because I think we do find something worth observing from the ground, which is exciting. Before we get there, we'll stop at Grizzly River Run while there where there is actual visible action happening back there. I was walking by and I could hear the sound of guys working. Not just not just an empty river, but guys working. Look what they're doing. They're building new those guard rails. Those log guard guard rails, which you can see some are already up there. They're putting in some new ones. I maybe I don't know if there's if they're replacing them perhaps or or adding to it, but that's what they're building. There's some uh some mesh that they're installing first. That's the the form for the eventual what are faux, you know, logs that that create the the the boundaries, the bumpers as it were for the rafts on Grizzly Riverrun. Will go across the way to Redwood Creek Challenge next. These walls came up and these scrim came up last week. Still can't tell what they're doing back there. I did peek through and I didn't see there wasn't any sort of things happening. They weren't doing anything. There was a little bit of staging, but nothing has been torn up or nothing is being worked on that I could tell. I even checked again from the top level, tried to peek through. You can see a little bit of staging back there, but uh or whatever that is, you know, materials, etc. Or guys prepping for something, but nothing's happening yet. There's another look at Grizzly Riverrun from the opposite side of where those guys were working. So, there's a lot of activity on updating those guardrails. So, it's not just paint and polish. They're doing actual work, but no work happening again this week on the geysers. So, either they're fixed already, they're happy with them, or they're not going to work on them because it's getting late. Well, maybe they haven't started. I don't know. We'll hope for the best. I did find a tarpet down there. Uh that's at the last stretch after the last geyser. There's a tarp they're covering, but I can't tell what they're working on. That's probably just to protect that space. So, they're working on something above it, perhaps. Turn around and we can see that Napa Rose is just about set to reopen. We can peek through the windows a little bit. And we can see the tables and chairs are set. They're ready to open soon. And guys, look, the fires of Napa have been lit. Gondor calls for aid. Fresh baked. The [laughter] fires have been lit. How exciting. We are so close. If the fires are lit, that means they're ready to serve pretty soon. And there's that new seating area back there. Uh those are new table. That looks like maybe three tables back there in that little section with their own little fire pit. All right. I talked about how there's could be something worth observing at Avengers Infinity Defense. When I first arrived, I'm like, ah, no big deal. Uh it looks the same as it has. But I'm just I something told me there's more happening. There's more steel in there before than I remember seeing. It looks denser the amount of vertical steel. That's that big sucker that's bringing in I thought it was going to bring something in, but it wasn't. Still working on truss, I think. Uh but I wanted to see what I could see. Remember those angled uh bar uh steel that we saw last week from from the hotel on Harbor? There they are again. And I thought I had asked what was that for? What is that angled steel for? And then I thought that's the track. That's how they're going to get the the trackless vehicles from ground level to the second floor or the third floor, right? That's track, you guys. We've we've finally seen something that looks like show. That's got to be right. Am I correct me if I'm wrong? I don't I am an idiot. I don't know anything about construction, but I I feel like that could be tracked. That's getting because it's not you're not on a proper track as far as I know, right? These are these are trackless vehicles. How do they get them upstairs? [laughter] How do you get a trackless vehicle? Can it can it power on its own like that? Fascinating. I don't know. You guys educate me. Either way, it's very interesting to look at that steel that's in there. Very interesting to look at. Uh, okay. So, uh, next door they're still working on the the table, the seating area back there where the Fastpass kiosk used to be. So, that's it for DCA. There is action a little bit. There's a little bit of action at Disneyland. Indiana Jones. Well, it's closed right now because it, you know, it's Indiana Jones, but I don't know if you guys heard, but they fixed the bridge. I forgot to report on this last week. I'm telling you now. They fixed the bridge. This is an effect that hasn't worked for probably 10 years. uh to the point where I can't even remember ever. I didn't realize that it didn't work. I didn't realize that there was more to that bridge than there was. And so the ropes are moving again. Makes it look like the bridge is moving. It's awesome. Rise of the resistance still closed. Scrimman scaffold still up at the turret. We did our thing and walked back there to see what we could find. Uh we can see that that looks like the the paint job for those black rails has been completed. I didn't see any sort of like painters tape or any plastic wrap or anything on near or around those rails. So I think that job is done. We did find some crew. That's where those guys are at right now. are that that's where guests first walk into standby clearing the threshold underneath that turret. Uh what they were doing hard to tell. There's the queue again. They still have the the scrim up inside the tunnels and the the wall. Let's go back and take a look at those guys. They were moving again. So, we'll look some more. But, uh I couldn't tell what they're doing. They're they're wearing uh masks, though, which suggests to me that that's paint. Usually, the the painter guys are the ones that are wearing the masks. And then our last stop is Galactic Grill where the walls are still up. They're still doing whatever it is that they're doing behind those walls in the seating area. Most likely a paint job, a new paint job. They're I think it's a new color scheme uh entirely. So, we'll see uh when it's done, how it compares to how it looked before. We have more images from the FreshBake Street. Well done, guys. These are from Carrie Lou. I'm assuming Carrie Lou is a DVC member. [laughter] That's the only way I can think of that she could have got these shots. These have got to be taken from the interventions building, right, Carrie Lou? Uh, well done. So, we can't tell though still what they're doing. They've taken out Boy, I can't even What am I looking at? I can see the I can see the rails, but my the perception is weird. Have they taken out the chairs? Okay, here's a second view. Wow, they're really busy back there. This second image shows there are no tables and chairs out. I'm having a hard time getting my bearings right. If we're looking down the middle, I think that's down the middle, that little ramp that you can take down down to the uh stage area. And this is a little further to the left, I think, because now you can see the other walls from the other side towards uh the Buzz Lightyear side. So, it looks like they've cleared everything out of there. They've cleared everything out. So, I I still expect those this to be paint and polish uh and that things will look as they normally do in terms of tables and chairs when those walls come down. With that, we'll take a quick tour of the current reverb calendar at Disneyland. Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance, as you know, is closed. Uh still no date, which means it's going to be what, uh let's see, 20 at least end of March. at least the end of March, possibly into April, but probably not before obviously April 29th, I think the date is to for uh the new characters to appear, the original trilogy of characters to appear. Uh so no date yet, but we do have a date for Ogas. Ogas will be reopening on March 13th or I'm sorry, March 14th. And I do expect uh the the tea leaves that I'm reading suggest that there will be references to the original trilogy when OG's reopens on March 14th. We'll be sure to show up and see how that looks. Idol by snacks. Hey, there you go. That's new to me. Did we see this last week? Closing February 9th, reopening the fe. Didn't that just get a Oh, it's closing. Closing though. It got a remodel. It got a paint job, but they kept it open. Now it's closing. That must be back of house stuff. Even though it's not a very big back of house, that must be what that is. Jungle Cruise closing on February 17th. No known return date. Uh we also don't know yet what it is they're working on. We've seen some permits. Uh they weren't too revelatory. I'm hoping they fixed that little dock area uh next to Indiana Jones. And then Space Mountain will be closing on February 23rd and reopening on the 27th. That's just a 4-day closure. So, I'm not expecting anything major happening there. That could just be routine maintenance. Grizzly Riverrun is closed. Still no date yet. So, again, we're looking at at least late March for the reopening of Grizzly. Jumping Jellyfish closing on February 23rd, reopening on March 6th, and the Golden Zephyr closing on March 9th, reopening on March 18th. That's our show for this week, guys. Thank you very much for watching. By the way, uh, as part of our coverage of, you know, the construction updates, we vlogged our recon. We did a little behind thescenes video. Uh, I was vlogging while picking up all this footage for this show, and that's going to be our sort of maiden entry, our our first video that we're putting up for memberships. Memberships are now active on FreshBaked. Uh if you are interested in that kind of thing, you can uh you know join the memberships here on YouTube. I'm also going to be putting this video if you're already a Patreon member, you can find this video there as well. Uh but look for something, you know, look for videos of this nature. Plus, I'll be putting up I keep forgetting to we're going to be putting up our Arizona trip pretty soon on memberships, but that is now live. Be sure to check that out. And uh that's it, guys. Thanks for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. And fresh bait.
