---
video_id: ZHajA4qPymY
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Why is the Disneyland Reset happening? | State of Disneyland 2026-03-02"
published: 2026-03-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHajA4qPymY
---
They're calling it a Disneyland reset. Disney is spending more time and more money to make the park better, but some don't like it. I know. I'm fired up about it and I want to tell you guys why. It's our state of Disneyland report and this is Fresh Baked Reset. Let's find out what I'm talking about. Luckily, we won't have to wait too long to get into that conversation because right there you can see part of what we're talking about. Those scrims that are up right now on Main Street Disneyland. Those are in front of the Carnation Cafe and they extend almost all the way to Refreshment Corner down Main Street. So that's what uh Carnation Cafe, Gibson Girl, the Penny Arcade, and the Crystal Palace. guessing myself. I I can't see the I can't see the facade and now I've forgotten. Anyway, uh so that this is not actually a new development in the sense that something that they they've never done before. They have obviously every season, every year I should say. Uh now is about the time they start doing stuff like that. We saw uh scrimmage scaffold up on the other side of the street last year. Uh but what we're talking about in with respect to the concept or the conversation about Disney Disney recently is a commitment to good show, a commitment to uh pride of ownership of excellence. I often talk about things that Disney does that they don't have to do. Nobody's going to shake their fists if uh they find a little, you know, minor imperfections on the facad of these buildings up here. Uh hi guys. uh if the paint's chipping down there, you know, in front of the Disney clothing, nobody's going to complain or, you know, write a letter, but they do it anyway because they have pride. They they want this place to look nice and they want to put on a good show for you guys. So, they do it anyway. Whether or not it's necessary for the continued um attendance, you know, or if it affects guest satisfaction. Now, I'm not sure if that does or does not affect the bottom line. if it affects guest satisfaction in a truly measurable way. But one thing I can say is that it does definitely reflect in Disney's competitive advantage. These are things that Disney does uh and have always done better than any other theme park in the business. Uh and that's something that they want to maintain. And what it's it's curious because some of the conversation that you might hear is about how you know it's it's bad show and that you know scrims are up and it affects your your uh enjoyment on that day. Yes. Uh but if they don't do it that's also bad show eventually and it does sort of eliminate some of that competitive advantage that they have over the theme parks and Disney wants to maintain that. Now, as I mentioned, this this I wouldn't necessarily call this part of a a Disneyland reset in so much as this is not uncommon. Uh seeing facads get, you know, covered up like this on Main Street is almost a yearly ritual. But it does it does reflect on Disney's pres, you know, present management, reflect on their continued effort, their continued desire to make the best show possible, to put on the best show possible, and to improve the guest experience. We're going to get into the park a little bit and see more of those examples as we make our way uh through the park. And I cannot wait. I cannot wait to get into that with you guys because this is something that I am very very passionate about. Talk about getting fired up. I get fired up over this conversation because I just cannot I cannot tolerate any Well, tolerate is a bad word. I just I don't think people understand or comprehend just how important this kind of thing is to the park and how how important it is to the future of the park. Let's keep moving. Before we get into those first attractions, before we get into Adventure Land, uh let's admire the beauty that is uh this day, this March 2nd day here at Dayan. We're here on a Monday. It's 11:10 in the A.M. as I record this, and it is probably the most beautiful day that I have seen in the park in months. This has been the most This is the most perfect, absolutely delightful day that I can imagine. It's not going to get any higher than about 72° out here. light breeze, not cold, not hot. Everything is in bloom. The park is absolutely beautiful. While spring is technically not here, that doesn't happen until later on in March. It's here at Disneyland. Disneyland has uh begun installing, you know, all of their spring colors like we've seen on the horserawn street car out there and in the planters around uh uh the hub, etc. And the actual Easter season here at Disneyland does begin, I believe, tomorrow. I believe on March 3rd you're going to start doing the Easter egg hunt and all that and you're going to probably start well I don't know if they do costumes anymore. I know they stopped doing them in some case. They might still be doing the 70th at least this year. So, but there will be an Easter egg hunt coming up or starting on on the third and we might even find an egg or two I think out here. I think there is one in New Orleans Square at least. That one I've heard about. But uh that's that's as far as Disney's concerned. Easter is here and I could not be more happy. I cannot be more happy that the spring season is here. My favorite season in terms of just how beautiful the park can be. So, I want to thank you guys for joining me as I end that little section on this State of Disneyland Report. Uh for those of you who are new to the show or new to the format, we're going to take a complete tour around the park. Now, while we have a a uh a throughine, a story that we're going to be telling with respect to the Disneyland Reset, uh this this is something this is a show we do every two weeks. no matter whether whether or not there's a story to talk about. And we're going to be talking about more than just park updates and reverbs. We're going to go to every land and every attraction and we're going to talk about what's happening around the park. We're we're going to do a little uh Q science. We might even get something to eat. I'm hoping I'm hungry. So whether or not that makes it to the film or not or the show, I don't know. We'll see. Uh but we're going to do that. So I want to thank you guys for joining us for this. Let's get into Adventure Land. Let's start this show. Now, I'm expecting I think there should be a light day today. The calendar is pretty wide open. The single day tickets are uh obviously wide open, but so is the uh Magic Key right now. You can get same day reservations today and for most of the month there's a couple sold out days I think on Saturdays, but that's about it. So, I'm expecting uh March to be kind of light and like obviously Yeah, look here. Uh this is not much going on as we approach adventure and my goodness, this is usually way more congested than it could be because Jungle Cruise is closed. Although Jungle Cruise Q does not uh you know it keeps guests out of the way does a very good job of that. Um so I mean that could be just be part of the lack of traffic here. Now, if that is the case though, then we should see if if there's guests here, uh, and they're not going to Jungle Cruise, and they should be going to Indiana Jones. But before we check Indiana Jones out, let's talk about what they're doing here at the Jungle Cruise, which is, uh, I'm not positive. I do know that uh, some of what they're doing is was unscheduled. They had a they had a maintenance issue that was not expected, and that sort of um, they they forced them to add on to what they're doing here at the Jungle Cruise. But I do know that there's some stuff happening backstage or at least this is something that I've heard anecdotally that uh they're working on and this is part of that that Disneyland reset. This is part of that conversation about uh paying more attention to ride maintenance in order to keep the ride more operational to keep it more efficient. Uh I've heard anecdotally that they're working on uh the system where they where they they keep the boats backstage. You might see that area back there when you ever get rerouted behind stage during a parade or something like that. And you can see where they store those boats. Uh I believe that they're going to be working on that back there in improving the efficiency and getting boats in and out of the water, in and out of the river. Uh and that would help improve ride efficiency for the guests as they get out here. They can probably cycle more guests if they can improve that time it takes to get boats in and out of the water. Now, having said all of that, I do see some stuff happening, guest facing changes or updates or some sort of reverb happening in the queue. Let's see if we can get a better look. got some I don't know some materials up there above that Jungle Cruise sign and there are some cast members some construction workers I should say up there uh working as I record this although they have just vanished out of sight but ladders and tarps and all kinds of uh stuff happening there on the second floor so they are cleaning up the queue let me slide over here oh there we go that's paint there you go making the queue looking nice putting a finish on those uh on the uh uh Q structure there. I mean, awesome. I love it. And what I love about that is that it's an example of efficiency. Uh a potential efficiency where they're already going to be taking the ride down to work on, you know, on the actual attraction, work on back of house type stuff, uh work on, you know, vehicle maintenance. While they're down, you might as well put a little paint and polish on the queue and tidy that thing up. It's a great opportunity to handle both of those uh goals, both of those expectations about keeping the ride working, but also making it look good. Well done, Disney. And this, okay, I'm going to be saying that a lot, and as I mentioned, this is something that I'm really passionate about, so I hope I don't, you know, beat a dead horse here, but I it is it is something that Disney is exceptionally better at than any other theme park. Uh they they are the masters at keeping their their their park looking up to date while also making it seem like it's the same and never it has never changed. Uh they're absolutely experts at that. And I I when I walked by here before I saw a 35minute queue and now when I just looked behind me it's that 25 minutes. Indiana Jones at 25 minutes. We got to investigate. That is just absolute madness to see Indiana Jones at 25 minutes at any time of year. any time of day, let alone uh in the in spring, let alone when Jungle Cruise right next door is closed. Those Jungle Cruise guests uh have to be going somewhere, right? Hi. Uh they got to be going somewhere, right? They But they're not coming here. It's fascinating. We're going to talk about this again in a second. Also, uh let's see. Let's go. I want to go take a look at the queue and Oh my gosh. What queue? My goodness. They're They're making a direct right turn. They've closed off the entirety of it. Wow. >> Hi guys. >> Wow. Wow. Wow. Absolutely totally empty. Wow. Shocking. This is like a This is a 9:00 a.m. rope droppy type queue you'll find. This is the queue you find typically at 9:00 a.m. Not 11:28 a.m. Wow. No expertise required here. No park science required. Get in that queue, man. If you see that queue any time of day, any time of day, get in that queue. Wow. All right. Now, let's talk about these scrims and what's going on here. By the way, I peaked through the scrim here a little bit. Uh the water the river is still full. So they haven't drained the river or anything like that. Uh but the purpose of what's happening here in this queue is not Jungle Cruise related specifically. Oh, they Oh, look at that. This was not covered on Friday. They put it They don't want me looking. That's That's a fresh baked scrim. I've been peeking over this fence to see what they're doing over here. Look at that. They have they they've ripped it out. Oh, thank goodness. They've ripped out those boards down there, which can only mean they have to replace them. If they're taking those out and put in ply plywood down there, temporary wood, they have to be fixing that, right? >> I know, right? >> I can't conceive of any other reason for them to put that that wood down there. It's because they they have plans for that section. That's really exciting. Uh now, as I was saying, that that's >> Hi. Hi, guys. How are you? How are you guys? The actual purpose of what they're doing here isn't the deck down there. It's what's going on up there. We've been talking about that in our construction reports. If you're not watching those, you should. Every Monday we do a construction report. They have there was a water tower up here. Uh it was they've they're stripping it. It's it's part of it is gone now. What was there before is gone. So, uh, but that's what they're doing here is they're they're updating that and in the process, a byproduct of that is an opportunity just like a Jungle Cruise, uh, with the opportunity to, you know, redo the queue, you know, paint polishing the queue, it's an opportunity hopefully to fix this scene right here, this deck that is next to that and is, uh, has been in need of repair for quite a while. And real quick before we leave the Indiana Jones attraction, that 25 minutes was a very obvious call to action. Hopefully you guys got here in time. I say that figuratively, of course, because now the queue is starting to look a little bit more normal. Although this is still a discount for Indiana and Jones at near noon in the afternoon. 25 minutes is a call to action. Get here quickly if you have designs on capitalizing on that. It is no longer 25 minutes, but you still might get something 30 35 uh my guess. And it'll keep doing this. This queue will get longer and longer the longer that they keep 25 minutes posted on the board. Let's go check that out. And it looks like they did update it to 35 minutes. Still a discount though, obviously for Indiana Jones, but yeah, it's no longer 25. So that's good. Now they can start uh getting a better reaction from guests that are getting into this queue. Now already we're seeing a fair amount of influence on the the initiative, the Disneyland reset. Now, some of it is directly related to that, some of it is not. I would imagine the stuff that they're doing backstage at Jungle Cruise is part of that initiative. Perhaps not the stuff that they're doing here at Indiana Jones. There is something new happening here or coming up. I've just uh heard about this today at Pirates in the Caribbean. Now, before we get into the Pirates thing, I do want to say that there's there are some sort of points and counterpoints that I would love to get into a conversation about the the value of this and the part that gets me fired up, gets me passionate versus some of the negative things that you might be uh or might feel or have heard people say. I want to get to that. But first, let's talk about Pirates of the Caribbean, which is absolute ghost town right now. Can we just talk about this first? That's a 10-minute wait. People are walking right in. By the way, go left, guys. All Everybody's going in right. See, you've got it. You got to both sides are open. Everybody go left. Go left. No. Come on. Go left. There you go. They did it. What happens is if everybody goes right, then everybody keeps going right because they feel like it's just the one queue. And why would they? Or why wouldn't they? I just say nobody's expecting two cues or the Spanish Inquisition. Uh but yes, go left if you see that. This is a part of the human nature thing. This is why another reason why you should go left here is that it is or at least on here everything is right. Everything we do right everywhere. Anyway, 10-minute wait, probably less than that. That's an amazing situation right here at Pirates. Our friends over at theme park IQ just posted on Twitter that some new permits have been filed. It sounds like Pirates of the Caribbean may be going down for a reverb and this could also be related to that uh that initiative of improving the guest experience. Uh I'm not sure if they need to improve efficiency here at all. They've already won that battle by turning off Lightning Lane. Uh and certainly this is the most efficient uh queue anywhere in the world basically. I can't think of a single queue that's better than Pirates of the Caribbean in terms of cycling guest. So they don't need to do any improvements there. They got plenty of boats in the water. The thing is is highly efficient, but the show it's an old attraction. This attraction's uh what 60 60 years old or whatever. Uh so yeah, they got to they got to maintain that. But theme park IQ has posted that Disney has filed a permit to perform extensive work on Pirates of the Caribbean. Work includes improvements to rock work, projectors and speakers, as well as additional maintenance, ladders installed, and more. The attraction is not currently listed on the Reaper calendar. Now, I know that people are loathed to hear about an attraction possibly going down, especially one as popular as Pirates of the Caribbean, but when I hear news like that, I am I am absolutely thrilled. I love hearing that they're going to do stuff like that. It doesn't bother me so much that the ride is going to close, although I it's probably easy for me to say that because uh I can ride it, you know, 100 times in a year, whereas others might not have that opportunity and I can fully appreciate that. But it has to be done. It has to be done, you guys. It absolutely has to be done. There's no there's no two ways about it really. Now the question is, you know, is it, you know, the most efficient time or the most efficient timeline? Uh are they doing it too much or whatever, but I don't believe that that is uh remotely true here in this case. It's Pirates hasn't been has been closed for a couple years. It's been a couple years since they've had a shutdown here at at Pirates. So I'm absolutely cool with this. Uh, so whether or not it's going to be an extensive reverb, they're talking about rock work and things like that, uh, probably not. I I I would imagine it's going to be a pretty quick and uh, easy job. A week or two, perhaps less than a month, I'm sure. Meanwhile, elsewhere in New Orleans Square, let's talk about Disney Railroad. There is the situation that has been present for a number of years now with those green construction walls uh where the where that building uh caught fire a while back and that we're still waiting for them to replace that. That's not affecting show at all. Uh just you know the walls are you know less than nicel looking. You know what? I'm going the wrong way. I'm going to go this way because I want to show you this the water tower back here. This is a functioning water tower. I mean they don't it's not functioning like the old school traditional way but it is functioning. They do service the trains here with the water that uh you know from this system or from this spot and it is my understanding you guys recall that this was behind scrim and scaffold for a couple of weeks and we were curious of what it was. It wasn't for any sort of facade maintenance. It wasn't for paint and polish. They were updating the actual mechanics of the water delivery system. Definitely one of those cases that is directly related or attributable to the the Disneyland research or reset. Uh Masoon in fact referenced this specifically in uh a a media event that they did, you know, the one that for the DCA, the one we talked about in our last state of DCA report uh where where they were talking about Monsters Inc. and uh Avatar and all that. Um, part of that part of that discussion, he talked about this specifically and saying that they they updated the the the the water delivery system here to make it quicker and more efficient uh to get water cuz they have to these trains have to get new water. Like I think every second lap or something like that, every second time around the around the park, the train has to take on more water and that takes, you know, four or five minutes. you I don't know if you've ever been here at the Disneyland Railroad where uh when you arrive at at New Or Square station and you sit here for an extra 3 or 4 minutes uh and the cast members will say we're we got to we got to pause here because we got to put more water in the train. That happens on a regular basis and it costs 3 or 4 minutes. And they did the math. They did the math and it said something like a you know by improving this system they were able to get you know uh x number of rotations you know extra trips around you know maybe maybe two more trips around the park in a day. Okay, a train can make two more trips in a day than it could before. And that's multiply that by the number of guests in the in in the train itself. And that's those are extra guests who are going to get to ride that would not have gotten to ride had they not updated this system. And that's what they were talking about. They said something like 1.5 million extra ride experiences. Guest ride experiences were added because of updates like this to to uh to to the ride systems. And this was just one of the examples of that. >> Maz Loom also referenced a update that they did for Haunted Mansion. Actually, I should say the the overlay, the update from the Haunted Man or from Nightmare Before Christmas here and the update that they do at Small World at the Smart World Holiday. The way that they handled those transitions from from holiday to the non-h holiday version uh has changed noticeably. We noticed it this year that it was there was an extra like week or so between them uh undoing the nightmare or the uh yeah the nightmare overlay here and then starting on Small World Holiday over in Fantasy Land. That resulted in something like two or 300,000 more ride, you know, guest experiences as well. So, they're altering their schedule. They're altering their This is scheduled stuff. This is not like anything new. This is not breakdowns or or uh you know, reverbs that are may or may not be marginally necessary. It takes two weeks to take this down and it takes a week or so to take down or maybe more. Maybe two weeks smaller with holiday as well. Uh and that's downtime. That's downtime every single year that they don't have guests, you know, uh on on rides. So, being able to flex that schedule in the way that they did has created more opportunities. And this is just good business. It's just good business. And it has nothing to do Hi guys, how are you? Uh uh and it has nothing to do with, you know, Disney's desire to keep things closed, the desire to or any sort of negligence or bad planning on their part. They're actually getting better at it. Now, I got more to say about that. Talk about the really passionate part, the way how I feel about this. But first, we're going to stop here at Tiana's Palace, get something to eat. I think they've got something new here for Celebrate Sully. And then when we're done, we're going to get into that part of the conversation that really has got me going. Found this on the menu when I was strolling around New Orleans Square. And I thought I had eaten everything here at Tiana's Palace, which I guess I have considering this isn't really part of the the full menu. This is part of the celebrate soulfully menu. I found the French Quarter fried chicken bowl. That's spicy honey glazed fried chicken served with baked macaroni and cheese and collarded greens. Oh, and Tiana's here as well. Tiana, have you tried this yet? >> Of course. I'm in. >> Yeah. Okay, good. I'm looking forward to it. Enjoy. >> Thank you. >> Uh, now these are Tiana. Uh, we go way back. Um, the the mac and cheese is the same, I'm sure, as all the collard greens, although that's that the collar greens are new to the menu in January, but they're the same collard greens you get with the other uh the other other meals. And the mac and cheese is probably the same. I'm hoping now that Tiana's here that this is a good fried chicken though because I don't want to have to like, you know, uh, give her a bad review on this fried chicken. I will say though that they're calling it honey glazed and the photo that is on the app makes it look like it's very honey glazed. I'm not so sure that's going to be uh true in reality. Let me show you that. It It looked to me like just a regular piece of fried chicken and there's a little bit of a drizzle of honey on there. Um I'm hoping that that doesn't Let's see. Cheers. Fresh bake. >> Well, in spite of the rather conservative application of honey, that was delicious. That bite was absolutely delicious. I got to try that again. It's not, by the way, the same fried chicken that you get at Plaza in. >> I know that because there's it's boneless. I have not encountered a single bone. It is absolutely boneless as far as I can tell. And I I have to say it's a little bit spicy, by the way. But I have to say this is this might be better. I'm dying over here. This might be better than the plaza and chicken which I know is sacrilege. That is absolutely outstanding. Boy, Tianis never misses. At least not since January. Now we talked about those colored greens. These are they. They look, you know, pretty typical of what we had last time. We'll take that bite next. Let's get a good healthy bite. Yeah, just as I remember them from I think it was the um God, what did I get the collar greens with before? Now I can't remember. Those are delicious. Get some of that baked mac and cheese. There you go. Now, personally, I don't know if I mentioned this in our previous review. I'm more of a creamy Belvita craft mac and cheese guy than I had the baked mac and cheese. I don't like baked mac and cheese typically, or I should say I prefer that kind over baked. That's pretty good. But look at this. as I was getting that bite. I don't know if you can see that, but there's a pool of what I can only assume is the the the honey the honey glaze cuz it was dripping off. It's actually I don't think it's the honey glaze. I think that's the I don't know. That could be from the uh collard greens. I don't think that's the honey cuz the honey is more biscuitous. So, we're going to have mac and cheese >> that has been resting in a little bit of that u collard greens juice. Oh, it does taste a little sweet. Either way, that's pretty delicious. I will take that all day. Getting back to that chicken. I mean, look at that, man. Very hot, by the way. This is all of this is very hot, which I always worry about. Last thing you want, last thing I want is food that's supposed to be hot, but it's actually cold. I would have liked more honey. I love the sweet with the salty, you know, of the uh of the fried chicken. That's why people love uh chicken and waffles, right? But spicy honey definitely works also. Hey man, this is great. Just like the other dishes that we've had in the past, it's a complete experience when you dine here at Tiana's Palace. Every note is it works together very well. There's no strikes for any of the little side dishes or anything like that. Plus, you're in a monthful environment here at Tiana's Palace. We should be getting a little music here in a minute if you're lucky. Got to see Tiana. She was right there in frame. That was pretty great. Five out of five, man. A plus for Tiana. Where do you want to be? Now, I have maintained since probably for about as long as we've been doing this show that I have been unapologetically in favor of reverbs, of maintenance, of scrimmage, scaffold, of maintaining things, not just rides, but you know, show buildings and things like that as well. I absolutely I see zero negative uh impact on on doing these kinds of things. I do though hear conversation chatter about the value of such a thing. They people wonder, you know, they when you see all these scrims up, does it affect their their show? Does it does it become more about the scrims and the walls than it is about the actual what's happening in the park? Especially when these things are happening perhaps in in a consolidated effort like they are sometimes during the reverb season January, February, people ask is it worth it? Yeah, it absolutely is worth it. Not to mention the fact that just as soon as they stop doing this, just as soon as they stop putting up scrim and repainting things, people will complain that uh, you know, Disney has lost their desire to maintain the park or that they're they've lost their edge or that the park is falling apart or even better, they'll say the attractions they break down too much. There's too many attractions breaking down or go to the park and half the park is closed or half the park is broke down. Uh, and Disney needs to do a better job of maintaining them. But don't do that. Don't close a ride to maintain it because I don't want to affect my day. I don't want to affect my experience in the park. I want to go on rides. I want to go on Pirates is closing. No, don't close it now. Close it when I leave. Don't close it when I'm here. But the reality is is that every hour that they can save uh on a on a ride being closed, every day or every hour that they can save, the more efficient they can get a ride back up and running when it's been down, the more ride cycles they get, the more guest experience they get out of that time. Best part of that is that the net result of those additional ride times is shorter wait times. Shorter weight times around the park. If you can keep a ride up and running, then that's that's time you haven't lost with it being closed. especially when it comes to standby attractions because the more a lightning lane attraction or I should say lightning lane attractions if you're going standby because the more a lightning lane attraction closes the more often it's down the longer it's down the worse it is for standby uh mainly because of MEPs. Uh people with lightning lanes are going to be getting MEPs and that just compounds the the amount of time you have to wait in standby. the longer they can keep those rides up, the more likely it is that your weight time will be lower less than it would be otherwise. >> So with the m maintenance, while it takes a ride down for a little while, in the long run for every guest as a whole, it improves your guest experience. Shorter standby weight times. And it's not just a situation where all those extra hours or whatever are going to be going to Lightning Lane guests. That is not nearly the factor that that that I believe it to be. The real winner, the real winner when it comes to taking rides down to improving their efficiency, improving how well they they stay up and running, the real winner is the standby guest. >> And there just beyond the issue. And it looks like some of that love has even made its way to Thompson Islands down for like a 3 or 4 day refurb. I I didn't know what they were doing, but we can see from here that they've got scrimmage scaffold up on the top deck there where uh you can do a little lookout over the Rivers of America. More scrimmage scaffold here. That's on the caves. That's actually not guests don't go in that area right there. Interesting. You see some 2x4s down there as well. So they're they're I don't know if that's for scaffolding perhaps, but that's not a place where that's interesting that they're doing it in a way or in a spot that is not accessible to guests. Unfortunately, I don't see any action over here. I've been waiting years for them to fix the little spinning thing there and the billagege pump. I don't think the billagege pump is ever going to work again, but they could possibly fix the spinning thing where the, you know, the the the skeleton brings up the the treasure. >> Uh it's only down for 4 days, so whatever they're doing is going to be light maintenance at best. But still, nonetheless, thank you for doing something on the island and giving it some kind of care. Disney, if you're listening, Thomas Mazloom, if you're listening, I hope I'm saying your name correctly. I I if you're listening, there's nothing no update I want more, I think, than to give Tom Island its proper respect and uh care. They need to take care of that island cuz it's not going anywhere. It can't go anywhere, as far as I understand. So, let's go ahead and give it some love. Even if it, you know, even if people don't flock to the island like they used to, I still feel like it needs it needs its respect. >> Let's get back to work. >> And that means picking up where we left off earlier. Uh where we forgot to talk about the posted wait time. Hey guys. Uh for Haunted Mansion, it is posted at 30. Wow. Quite a quite a flow of guests coming in this direction. Uh 30 minutes is posted. Highly doubt that it is clear. Oh no, this is not even close to 30 minutes. My god, I could walk right on. Oh my gosh. Yeah, back of the queue is inside. Wow. How are you calling that 30 Disney? My goodness. Uh, back of the queue. I'm walking all the way through here like freeze bird. Back of the queue is like the third switch back. That's insane. Where are they getting 30 minutes? Uh, all right. So, let me put uh Hey guys, how are you? Uh, let me put a bow on this. Long story short, TLDDR, I don't believe that there's any argument that you can make against ride maintenance and upkeep, you know, uh, paint polish or, you know, closing attractions to make sure that they're operating at their highest efficiency. There is not a single argument that I will listen to. I I I can't even I can't think of one. I mentioned the ones that I hear most people talk about in terms of the show and you know it's it's a a it's a drag you know you pay all this money that's that's always been part of the equation that has always been part of the equation not just recently not just you know the last couple years going as long as I can remember here at Tiana's Bayou Adventure right Tiana's Bayou Adventure when I first started doing this show back in the days when it was called Splash Mountain. You guys remember that? when it was called Splash Mountain. Every single January, this ride closed for a month or two. Every single January, no matter what, that was just part of that was part of the agreement. When you come to the park and during this time of year, it was expected that you were going to have ride closures. Every single year, we expect for certain, you know, like certain Main Street shops to get scrimm scaffold for a little paint and polish. >> It's part of the bargain. There's no escaping that. So that's when I when I was saying uh last summer >> I don't I don't read from >> and even during the holidays too. During the holidays, oh my god, every single ride was open and I would still hear people say it. It would make me nuts. The ride all the rides are closed. Half the park is closed. Two. They were too closed, right? Or even at certain points during uh during the holiday season, every single ride was open. Both parks. Nothing was down. And that was so rare that I had to call it out and say, "Look at what they're doing. Look at that's amazing. It's amazing. We should be celebrating that." Rides closing. It's just It's just part of the agreement. Rides breaking down, too. I was going to come check out Tiana's Bio Adventure. Tiana's is closed. Uh it's a breakdown. Uh but rides breaking down is also part of, you know, in the middle of your day. That's just it's part of part of the experience. Especially rides like, you know, uh, Indiana Jones, Rise of the Resistance. You just, it comes, you haven't been to Disneyland if you didn't get to not ride Indiana Jones. Like that's you haven't had a proper Disneyland experience. >> Okay. Waited a boo 10 minutes. I mean, that's pretty standard. It's light, guys. It's super not busy today. >> Hi. That's actually a pretty pretty long queue for Winnie the Poo considering how not busy it is. They got a switch back over here and everything. That could actually be 10 minutes. That's probably the effect of Tiana's being closed. Still people are here. They're trying to hang out. They're trying to stay local. So, well, that's what I would do. I had plans on riding Tiana's Bio Adventure. They're letting people in already. If I had plans on riding Oh, no, they're not. If I had plans on riding Tatiana's Bio Adventure and I wanted to try to ride it out and wait to see if it reopens, uh, I would uh I would get them poop. What they're doing over here, I thought they were scanning guests in, but they're actually giving them MEPs. And this is what I'm talking about. When this ride breaks down, if you could everyone, this is now going to make somebody's standby queue later on in the afternoon later on in the day. It's going to each one of these guests is going to come back to this attraction and ride it and it's going to it's going to take up an extra spot, an extra body in the standby queue. It's going to take 30 seconds per person longer than it would have had the ride not broken down. If the ride had stayed up, all these people would be on the ride and they wouldn't be coming back later, right? Right. So now that standby queue that's going to happen at 3:00 in the afternoon or something like that is going to have 100 150 200 more guests than it would have otherwise. So whatever investment Disney can make Disneyland railroad train whatever what investment Disneyland can make to prevent that from happening is a net win for standby. I you can't I don't know how you can argue that. My gosh, you guys. Look at this queue. Verizon of the Resistance. This is incredible. My goodness. There's It's It's the back of the queue is at in the cave. Not even section one. The back of the queue is at just at the uh as you enter the cave. It's amazing. I wonder what they're calling that. That can't be more than 35 minutes. Like you just do the math real quick. That's 7 24 25 minutes to the Ray Room. That's 25 minutes to the ray room. 30 on the outside. I think Yeah, man. Look at that. They ain't messing around. They expect people are thinking they're still calling that 45 or 50. No, man. They're calling it 35, which is right on the button. Normally, the Disney's going to air like 5 minutes high just to make you feel like you're winning, right? It's not about selling Lightning Lane. I feel like there's probably nothing that a guest would like less than seeing a posted wait time of 30 minutes and actually waiting 45. Like that's just Hi, how are you guys? Uh that would be like devastating, right? You want to feel like you did something. You want to feel like you got a victory. Uh yeah. So they're calling that 35, which means it's not. It's probably 25 or 30. >> What a slow day. You know what would be great right now as we >> drift through the marketplace here. What would be great right now? A tattooing sunset. That would be delightful. We can't have them. We can't have one cuz they don't sell them anymore. Jo Josh Thomas Disney people who make decisions if you're listening I beg you please bring back the tattooing sunset man please. Right now I can get a move juice not as good as a tattooing sunset or I can get a melon juice also not as good as a tattooing sunset. They are both inferior. Everything else is inferior to the tattooing sunset, man. Wow, you guys. Seriously, 10 minutes. Now, the question is, is that a call to action? Is 10 minutes enough to get you into Millennium Falcon Smuggler Run? that when I was watching guests walk in it. There seem to be quite a few people getting into this queue right now. I mean, but there's there's all kinds of bargains everywhere we go. There's bargains out here. So, maybe don't go to Smokers Run. I don't know. Guys, we're so close. By the way, today is March 2nd. Uh in about the what is it? End of April, the 29th, I think it is. We're getting new scenes here at Smuggler. I wonder if they're going to take the ride down. I wonder if they have to take it down or if they can just turn a switch and just change the scene. >> See that? There's a lot of guests there. I mean, it's empty up there. The catwalks are definitely dead, but there's a lot of people coming in this queue right now. I'm so tempted. I'm so tempted. They just walking right into the Hondo room. >> I don't know, man. Yeah, they do. They do. Oh, no. Look at that. They're just right there. That's the whole queue right there. Not even a half a room full of people. >> No, I'm going to wait. I'm going to hold out. My next ride is going to be just before uh they bring in the new ride so I can do a before and after. That'll be fun. >> Let's get back to work. I feel like I just spent 20 or 30 minutes walking into and out of that queue. Man, that was a hike. I just added 1,000 steps to my day just now. Still waiting for Ogas. >> She's been closed for a little while now. I guess that does it for Galaxy's Edge. Fantasy Land. Casey Jr. I see one train. They're not running two trains. You guys remember that one time I made a video about uh trying to do all the Fantasy Land rides and I was so great. Look at that queue. There's nothing happening here. Wow. It's a straight walk on. Incredible. And I got stuck on Dumbo. Oh my gosh, what a day that was. I'm going to I want to try that again soon. I don't want to wait another year to do that again. No waiting at Pinocchio. Oh my god, that's almost a straight walk on. Oh no, there's the back of the queue there. But very little weight at Pinocchio. Same thing at Snow White. That's like not even 10 minutes. That's like 8 minutes in there. They're going to call that 15 probably. They're calling it 10. Okay, good. Wow, man. What a delightful day to be at Disneyland today. The weather is perfect. The cues are short. It's a It's a fairly cheap ticket right now. Still, wow. Peter Pan was nothing. That's a That's an absolute discount for Peter Pan. They're calling it 30, but 30 would be if this chain was full and they're using maybe two of those chains there. That might be 30. So that's probably closer to 20 25 minutes. Meanwhile, Toads looks like a virtual walk-on also from here. What a delight. What a delight. My goodness. People are just must be thrilled with this day today. Uh yeah, back there by the portraits. I mean, easy peasy. What else? What other discounts can we find here in Fanny Land? I can't even do any Q signs. There's no recon to do here. There's no uh math. There's no nothing. Everything they're calling it 40 >> that says 40. No. Okay. So, we did this during our finish line challenge. It took us uh less than 30 to get to our our Dumbo and the back part of that that queue was all full back there. This is closer to probably 20 minutes, not 40. There. Okay, I feel a lot better now. I got to do a little math. I got to do a little science. Now we can Now I feel like I' I've been of use to you guys. Decent weight there for the uh teacups, though. I mean, that's standard. It's not Well, you know what? I do this every single time, don't I? Fantasy Land is generally speaking, look out for the ducks, is going to be the same whether it's busy or slow. It's the Lightning Lane attractions is where you see uh the difference on a busy or slow day. Yeah, look at that. That's how that's actually a decent sized queue there for Alice and Wonderland. They're calling it 20. Uh but you're you got two switchbacks out here. It's actually going close to the mushroom. That's darn near a busy queue right there. You might wait longer. for Alice in Wonderland than you would for Smuggler's Run. >> You might wait longer >> for Alice than Smuggler Run. That's crazy. Montreal. All right. Thanks, man. >> Storybook land. Absolute discount here. That's like uh 10 minutes, you guys. Seriously, get in this queue. get in these ques. Hi. Hi. How are you? Single queue have we seen today that I would not get into? This is absolutely awesome. Looks like we got a bit of a scene developing here at Small World at least. Or maybe not. Oh, just people just loitering, I think, cuz that's a posted five minute wait for Small World. My goodness. Five minutes. Let's see. Okay, you're getting in the queue right here. That's the standby. And then, oh my god. No, this Oh my gosh, that's the back of the queue right there. That guy is the back of the queue. That's not It's not even 5 minutes. It takes you 5 minutes maybe to walk back there. That's incredible. Dare I say it's dead, but don't say it's dead because people will say, "Are you kidding? It's super busy." I I got so many clickbait comments about that it's dead at Disneyland. They didn't watch the whole video. They didn't see how things got progressively more and more dead. And I'm seeing literally empty cues wherever I go. And also, by the way, uh dead is a relative term when it comes to Disneyland. What's dead at Disneyland is busy as heck at other theme parks perhaps. But yeah, like this right here. Like if I were to just show this clip and say it's dead, people would yell at me, I'm sure. But this is true. There's a lot of people in this frame right now. But this park is dead. It's dead. And we have made our way into Toontown. Uh I did, you know, we didn't do the tip board, so I don't have anything to compare this to, but I would expect there to be some kind of weight here. Let me turn on my mic. That says 35 minutes. Nobody in Lightning Lane. Wow. How far are we going to get? Did we go on this last time? I don't remember. I feel like we snuck in here, didn't we? Uh now, uh Oh, no. That is 35. Wow. It's that more. We didn't even get to We didn't even get to the prop room. This is more than 35. We did it. We found a disagree a disagreeable queue. It took us all the way to Toontown before we had to find a queue that I wouldn't get into. Uh that's Yeah, that's it's been a while since I've seen a queue that deep. We barely got in there. Uh yeah, I was I was going to say uh Roger Rabbit's going to be closing. Get in frame, David. Roger Rabb's going to be closing on March 30th. We don't know what the reopening date is yet, but look for a closure on March 30th. Runaway Railway. Here's an attraction that has been getting progressively more and more popular since it opened. >> How's it going? It used to be a super easy attraction to get into. You could, you know, standby was a breeze always. Uh but it's, you know, it's becoming more and more popular both, uh, you know, just for standby guests, but also Lightning Lane. You're seeing a lot more people buying Lightning Lane or getting Lightning Lane for this attraction. There's your scan and then they take you right to the screening room. You go from the scan to the screening room here uh at Runaway Railway. Of course, that is entirely wrong. I just realized what he's saying. No, uh, this queue, the Lightning Link queue, runs along the perimeter of standby. I I was looking at that and I'm like, "Oh gosh, that's the screen room." It's not the screen room. That's the entrance to uh the first prop room. Um but yeah, still it's super easy. And once again, I'm surprised at the where the back of the queue is for such a slow day today. I just got done saying it's dead, but Toontown is not dead. Toontown is borderline busy. I love that music. That's great. That is great. All right. Uh, what do we got to do back at Toontown? But yeah, look at all these people back here. It's like the whole park has filtered. It's found its way to the to the back end of the park to to town. This is where all the action is right now. Let's see. Yeah, look at that. Minnie's meet and greet is busy. That's a half an hour. They're calling it 20, but I don't believe that's correct. I do not believe that is 20 minutes. They're calling Mickey's house. >> Hi guys. Uh they're calling this one 15 minutes. Meanwhile, Gadgets, let's see, where's that back of that queue? The back of the queue looks like it's at the Frog on the other side of uh Dale's butt there. Yeah, looks like the back of the frog, which is about 15 minutes. No waiting though >> to see Goofy. No waiting. >> Hi, Goofy. >> What an absolute delightful day this must be for everybody that's here. Like I said, perfect weather, short cues. I'm having a great time, too. You know, my energy level has shot up big time. Uh just because of the the chance to talk passionately about something that I am passionate about. And you know, something that that really gets me fired up is, you know, uh taking good care of Disneyland, having the park be good show, putting on a good show for guests, and guests appreciating that. That's what I love about, you know, the guests that come here to Disneyland is how much that they uh pick up what Disneyland is putting down. And it's the reason why these parks, Disney parks, are always leaders uh, you know, throughout the theme park industry. Everybody can talk about all the innovations. You can talk about Epic Universe all day, which is great. I I I actually love Epic Universe, too. But it's it would take a monumental effort for any theme park to do better at entertaining guests in a themed environment to do better than Disney does in all aspects of the game. Some are great in other parts, you know, like Knotsbury Farm. They've got, you know, they do pretty good with the whole uh ghost town thing and it's a really fun environment and and they they put on a good show. But then you got knots B which is just ass doesn't make any sense thematically. Uh even Camp Stupid which is fun to look at is an absolute grind. It is excruciating taking your your kid there on a busy day. Uh it is one of the most unenjoyable experiences that I've ever had as a parent uh when I was there on a busy day. uh Universal just total reliance on 3Ds and uh you know there not enough like streetphosphere, not enough theming. I mean they did great they with uh with um Harry Potter Town and I think the new stuff they're building is probably going to be leaning in that direction but they still got a long way to go. They got a long they had to build a whole a whole theme park Epic Universe just to get there. I wonder how well Epic is doing honestly like uh profit wise like are they making a bunch of money? It's total tangent. I guess what I'm trying to say is I freaking love Disney and I think they are awesome at their jobs, man. All of them from top to bottom, man. They're awesome at their jobs. All right, Mad Horn is next. And Idle Vice, which is open in spite of the walls. Fear not. You can still get your uh turkey leg. >> Oh, busy. Oh, I was going to say this looks busy. They're out of containment. Uh they're out in wild space a little bit, but the post and wait time says 35 minutes. That's a decent size queue there for Lightning Lane. Goodness, there's a few guests in that queue. There's actually a queue building up here and then a switch back. So, that's probably uh going to put a wrinkle in that standby wait time pretty soon. Uh the queue is left of tree. I can't get in there without getting in the queue. >> There's the tree. They are left of it, which is not ideal. But the fact that they are left of tree and in tree lamp and still 35 minutes tells me that they're probably not in extended one or extended two. There is the Montreal. That's a rule. You have to show your respect on this show if you're going to see the Montreal. Yeah, it looks like they're turning at the corner. Oh no, they're they are in extended one. Oh boy, that 35 minutes cannot be right. They're in extended one. They're in tree lamp. They're in wild space and they're left of tree. That's that would normally be a posted 45minute wait right here, but they're not an extended two. Well, I knew I could count on Finding Nemo to bring us back to an empty queue. Wow. It almost Where's the guests? Where are the guests? They are not in the Finding Nemo queue. >> Is it even open? >> There's nobody even under the Wait, maybe it's not open. No, but it's not open. Okay, now I feel better. There's chains up right here. So, Nemo's down. Oh, there goes the Montreal again. By the way, that's also closing. Montreal is closing on March 30th. We don't yet know how long it'll be closed. We also don't know what it is they're doing, but on March 30th, expect the Montreal be down for whatever reason. The Montreal is one of those attractions. of all the rides that break down, that's the one of the ones that and the train where I get the most likeh anxious and I'm like, "Oh, I get a little like uh like there's a scratch that I can't itch." You know, it bothers me when the Montreal is closed or the the Vizan Railroad in a way that no other attraction like Casey Jr. a little bit. I don't like Casey Jr. being closed, but I I'm kind of more okay with it than I am with with moderator. I don't I hate it when that happens. Meanwhile, Autotopia, that is a posted 20-minute wait. That is not the case if they're running all four lanes, but it looks like they're running just three. This one, the middle one, or the two middle ones, but the outside lane over there is not running. But there's no way here. Standby. Oh, are they sending them around? They are. They're setting them around the rotunda, but it's empty. That's the back of the queue right there. So, that's maybe a 10-minute wait if that five or 10 minutes. Tomorrowland dead. Look it. Look it, man. If if my if the story was hadn't been about the Disneyland research and it had about it being the park dead again, that would have made an awesome thumbnail. This scene right here. Right. Just nobody. What are you What are you talking about? We're in Tomorrowland, man. What's going on? Oh, man. We can't even do any recon at Space Mountain. There we go. We got to ride down. Space Mountain is closed. Also tough day in Tomorrowland, man. Tough day. >> Yeah. So, no recon to do here, man. Man, days like today when I wish I was actually going, you know, then it happened. That was the reason why I did that Wednesday night vlog because I was having so much fun getting on rides and the park was so enjoyable that I'm like, I want to do this. It drives me nuts cuz like I I'll be cuz I'm on a time usually on these Mondays I have a limited time frame to get these shot because there's Mondays a day, you know, that well anyway that I I can't like I can't take advantage of, you know, short cues a lot of them because I've um you know, limited time. if I can come back, you know, maybe that's what we'll do on Wednesday. I'm going to hope that Wednesday uh is the same situation where it's kind of dead, but I won't do a night run. I'll do an afternoon run and just just like the the conditions were today and we'll see how much we can get done and just try to crush a bunch of rides. So stay tuned for that on Wednesday. Meanwhile, here in tomorrow, there's nobody We're the queue is dead. Absolutely empty Star Tours queue. Oh, no, not absolutely. I I these guys these guests were hiding behind these this planter right here. There's eight guests in the queue. They're calling it 20 minutes. That's hilarious. Uh although it I guess it could if there's a bunch of queue in there, but I doubt it. That's 20 minutes. Meanwhile, they're calling Astro Blasters. Five. There's nobody. Look at there's nobody. Look at 5 minutes. They're Look at that. They're just making a right turn right into the attraction. Man, that's so great. I hope you guys have a great time. Enjoy your adventure with Buzz Lightyear, battling Zurich. More the same out here. Is absolutely gorgeous right now though, you guys. You know what? What is the temp? It is 71° out. Absolute delight, man. This is nice. Back at the hub where we can see all the color. The sun is starting to get a little low. It is uh 2, what is it? 2:39. >> 2:39. It looks great. >> What a very pretty day it is today. I almost don't want to leave. Well, I don't want to leave, but I got to. It's such a shame, man. I'll be here on Wednesday. We'll figure something out. We're going to have a good time on Wednesday. I'll get here at like 9:30, 10:00 and just chill our way around the park. We'll get a We'll get a maybe a pretzel or a churro and we'll go on some of our favorite rides. Maybe I'll skip fantasy, though. I've been doing a lot of fantasy. Hi guys. I've been doing a lot of fantasy sailing lately. I did a whole video about Fantas. So maybe I'll do Adventure Land or ride Big Thunder. I rode the Mark Twain today. It's the first time I've ridden Mark Twain in quite a while, like like months, I think. Months. >> You know, I used to ride it every week. I had to for construction. So it had been a while since I felt the the you know, the the the ability at least to catch it. But uh man, I'm really enjoying these days lately. And our final stop is Frontier Land. everywhere. >> Sorry, I'm just going to let this roll cuz I'm enjoying this moment. The music Mark Twain. Empty queue over there. >> It's not a good sign. >> Is Big Thunder open? >> Oh my god, it is guys. Seriously. >> 241. That can't be right. >> They're calling it 25. >> You know what? I want to see what happens. >> I'm a I'm a few minutes ahead of schedule to cuz there's nothing happening out here. 25 minutes. I mean that would be if it was from here. From here is 25 minutes. >> Are we going to ride Big Thunder? >> It's still going. I can see I can see heads moving up there. We got in this queue at 24. Oh no, that stopped. >> Now they stopped. >> 6 minutes later and we're mixing. >> 10 minutes later and that's our boat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Why is there so much sawdust on the floor? >> That's not sawdust. >> I still got time. I always think of that whenever I do something like that, man. I still got guys. Anyway, I awesome way to end this show. I'm really really happy with that that we got to squeeze that one last attraction in there. Uh it's a good day, man. It's a good day. And to wrap up the whole Disneyland reset conversation, I'm all for it, man. I'm all for it. More reverbs, more scrimmage scaffold, the better. Not only is it good for this park, >> not only is it good for you and your guest experience and how much time you get to enjoy in the parks, the more reliable the attractions are, the shorter amount of time you have to spend in standby. Not only all that, but the more they do this, the more I get to talk about in our weekly construction updates on Mondays. So, I hope you guys got to check our last Monday report out and check out all of our future construction reports. And then also join us, share us, share with us your thoughts, your images, what you see in the park happening, things that you think, see that needs to be fixed or things that you've caught. Go to freshbaked presents.com. That is our app and you can join the conversation. Join the street team and be a part of the conversation. It's amazing. I love our friends and our friends on the freshbaker presents.com app. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Let's speak.
