---
video_id: YN-8eHvyvJY
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Something is wrong with Avatar | State of DCA 2026-02-23"
published: 2026-02-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN-8eHvyvJY
---
You know, I got a feeling I got a feeling that something is wrong with the future Avatar project here at DCA. Is it just delayed or did they maybe change their mind? My thoughts coming up next as well is that very good news about park hopping and does it signal the end of the reservation system. I hope you're ready. It's our state of DC report and this is Fresh Baked. That's right, guys. We got a lot to talk about this week. A lot of it really, really interesting. My thoughts on it are going to be really, really interesting. Let's get started on a Monday morning at 10:52. Beautiful day today, guys. 72° out today. It's going to be uh another warm the the cold weather and the rain has stopped. Another warm afternoon is ahead of us and it looks to be a pretty chill afternoon so far as we make our way down Buys Street. Very chill, very light crowd as I'm finding it here uh on this Monday morning. Want to thank you guys for joining us today for this state of uh DCA report. For those of you who are not aware of the uh format or this type of video or new to the channel, we're going to take a complete tour around the entire park. We're going to go to every single land, every attraction. And we're going to talk about each of those attractions and all those lands as we arrive. And then as news comes up, as we arrive at those lands, we'll talk about what's happening there. Most notably of which, we're going to get right into things here in just a minute with that Monsters Inc. news. Uh, but we're going to be spending an hour plus out here today. And I hope you guys are ready. I hope you guys got some popcorn uh and are ready to get into a a really fascinating uh developments that have happened just in the past few days. And it all starts in Hollywood. And we'll get to Hollywood by way of Hollywood Boulevard. But first, they've got uh >> Hi. >> Hi guys. How are you? >> Thank you. Thank you. Uh they've got the Storyteller statue up here behind construction walls. Probably getting a little bit of a refresh. Hi guys. There is Hollywood Boulevard, a site that is well, it was supposed to be changing. We just did a video not re not too far ago or long ago where we're talking about Avatar and what is or isn't Avatar. And now all of that conversation is already kind of up in the air, kind of mode. Like we were talking about just the the the difficulty that Disney might have in transforming this space that we're walking down right now into some kind of Avatar experience. This was all going to stay. This was going to stay Hollywood right here. But then everything in that direction might be going through some sort of change. And it was just no matter what you try to do there, you know, portals or whatever. I just I never liked Avatar in this space. I never liked it. And even when they had confirmed it, I'm like, I still don't like it. I I don't I I I don't care for it at all. And I and I wish there was another way, another plan. And after uh this the news that broke early this week about Monsters, Inc., I feel like perhaps maybe maybe they do have another plan. Maybe there is still at least hope. I'm feeling hope. We got to go to Hollywood Studios to start. A while back, Disney had announced that they were going to close Monsters, Inc. It was going to be closed forever uh in order to make room for Avatar. They're going to build an Avatar experience is one of the words that they use. An Avatar land Pandora. I mean, not exactly a land, I guess. They they refused to call it a land, but anyway, Monsters Inc. supposed to be closing in early, this is their further announcement, early 2026. We are still early 2026 and we don't even have a date yet. We never had a date. We talked about it in previous episodes. Why is there no date? We should have a date by now. Well, uh we don't have any kind of date for sure. Disney held a media event uh this past week for the 25th anniversary of DCA. And during that media event, they said, "We're not going to close Monsters, Inc." >> for a while. We're not closing Monsters Inc. now until 2027. So that's that's a full year delay. A full year delay for the closure of Avatar or I should say of of Monsters Inc. Now that by you know news in and of itself is interesting. Uh they're a year behind apparently for for some kind of reason or maybe they're not because according to Thomas Masloom Disneyland Resort president they're still on track for Avatar. There's still that's still a going concern. And he even said it shouldn't this close or this delay in closing this attraction shouldn't affect the ultimate timeline for when they would start building Avatar and when it might open. Having said that, they've never actually said when they're going to open Avatar, when it's to be expected. It's all still a complete mystery. Uh so we don't know what that that date could have been 2030, right? Uh and if that's the case, a year's delay, maybe that doesn't affect Avatar at all. Uh so we never knew what the actual date was only they knew. Uh but they said this you know the the delayed closure of Monsters Inc. and and by that by extension the demo of Monsters Inc. and by extension the ability to start building Avatar here would be delayed a year. Right? That makes perfect sense. You can't I don't know how you I don't know how you arrive at nothing's going to change in the ultimate timeline if you delay the demo of the building where you're supposed to be building the new land by a year. They were supposed to close Monsters Inc. Now, the demo or whatever it is they're doing in the interiors, you know, scratching out all the the effects, all the props, all the all the animatronics inside, gutting all that, preserving it. That was supposed to start now. And then the demo and then the land clearing and all that would follow. All of that is put off by 10 months. There at least 10 months, I should say. At least 10 months. That that's it for starting from now to get to 27 January. At least 10 months. I call BS. I call BS on that idea that nothing has changed. I think something dramatically has changed. I think there's been some sort of problem in the chain of events that leads to getting this building demoed and start land clearing. I believe that the now it could be many things. It could be Avengers, it could be, you know, the delay on that or it could be uh the Eastern Gateway or it could be that they maybe have changed their minds. I have heard rumors unsubstantiated of course, but I've heard rumors that there are some there is some kind of issue with Avatar. Maybe it's uh issues with the city and getting permits and getting approval from the city and whatever it is that they're trying to do. There's a lot of water that's going to be used for this project and where that water comes from could be an issue. Uh could it be that they're not happy with the concept? that maybe they're rethinking the the actual ride they're going to build or maybe uh they're unsatisfied with the scale because so far we know only that it's going to be a single attraction the boat ride is that impressive enough a boat ride that's you know something like Pirates at uh Shanghai perhaps is that is that enough to carry an entire land that is one of the biggest properties one of the biggest IPs that Disney owns the the Avatar franchise there goes the Montreal that's actually an important concept. We're going to talk about that in a second. That's an important factor in whatever it is that they do here at the Hollywood Backlot. I have long said I don't like Avatar here in the back lot. I don't think it belongs here. The only way to make it work is through some kind of crazy portal situation. Uh otherwise, how do you fit, you know, how do you fit Avatar into this space unless it's fits into the Hollywood theme as opposed to the actual, you know, uh in universe idea of Pandora? Not to mention the fact that I don't think there's I mean, sure, they can make room. They're going to extend it out there into the into the transportation hub and they can extend up that way out that way a little bit. Gives you a little bit more room. But Pandora, by definition, in my opinion, Avatar requires space. Requires space and requires sca scale in order for them to pull it off. Pandora works at Animal Kingdom because they have dedicated a large piece of property for that land and they take their time getting there. It's a very slow sort of gradual thematic transition into that land. Whereas here it would be the the exact opposite. It would be abrupt. It would be immediate. There would be there would be no transition. You would go through a portal or something uh you know epic universe style and then you're all of a sudden in avatar. >> Meanwhile, I think that I feel like Avatar does require there to be a sense of scale here. I think two attractions minimum in order to do it justice. And you know that brings to mind the things that Demaro has been saying of late is that he's challenging he's been challenging Imagineering to think bigger to uh get more creative to be more impressive to be more unique to to to make it more interesting. And perhaps they felt like what the plans were that they had here for Pandora initially were not that that they didn't meet this criteria that tomorrow had established this this baseline this minima. And now this is not to say it's Imagineering's fault. It's management's fault. Uh Imagineering is ready to go. They want to they want to create amazing stuff all day long for sure. Avatar does not fit here. This is you know this is not I don't believe this. I don't know this. This is just my own pure hopes and dreams. my own blue sky. But I feel like this this is a great opportunity for them to pivot. Avatar does not belong here. You know what does belong here though is uh Zootopia would fit perfectly here. And Zootopia just had a huge run at the box office. Zootopia would be great here. Monstropolis would actually be quite cool here at the Hollywood backlot. I would love to see them take this and you could turn all of this now instead of having to figure out a way to preserve some of this stuff. You just turn this all into monstropolis. You turn all of this. You could, they weren't going to they weren't going to do this area here. This was going to stay Hollywood. It was just that that was going to be Avatar. But you could now convert this into a monstropolis. You could convert this in Zootopia and it would theme. It would blend in perfectly with Hollywood Boulevard. Come out here to Hollywood Boulevard, just walk through that little passageway there. And you have no difficulty at all conceiving. my eye could could easily conceive of this being monstrous or Zootopia. It would require no mental gymnastics, no gymnastics of any kind in order to convince people that that there's there's a there's a thematically appropriate land inside that space. Whereas you would at Avatar, you would have to wall this whole thing off, create something that's, you know, 25 30 ft high in order to, you know, uh, hide everything that they're going to be putting inside of it. Would be super big. It would be super tall. It would be super huge and and not at all correct. It just wouldn't look right. Meanwhile, you've got that whole space over there, Simba. You got the Simba lot, Disneyland forward. I had long said that that's where they should have been putting Avatar is that the Simba lot. Now, I will say this now, I have known for a while that the idea I don't know if known is the right word. It has been pointed out to me. I it I have been educated that the the two lands that are that were planned for Disneyland forward for the symbolot for the DCA side of Disneyland forward were going to be Zootopia and Frozen. Zootopia and Frozen would be heading to uh Disneyland forward Avatar here. But what if you move Avatar to the backlog I mean to this to the symbol where you have more space room to grow. You can build it from scratch. You don't have to modify anything. You don't have to update anything. you could just build it exactly the way you want it. Avatar requires that. You build it just like you want there. And it would actually avatar and p and uh frozen I think would be a really neat juosition uh with the with the natural environments of of Avatar and Pandora and then the icy environments of Frozen. I think that would that would be a tre that would be a great one-two punch right back there in my opinion. And by the way, as I mentioned that Montreal people have been, you know, trying to figure out how does a Montreal fit into Avatar? I never had a problem with the Montreal itself, but I tell you what, it would make a lot more sense having a Montreal go through Zootopia and it would or Monropolis. It would make significantly more sense to have a Montreal pass through either of those lands than it would uh Pandora. That's for sure. Now, that's as much as we know so far. You know, they it's still very early. It's only been a few days since this news broke. Let's see. We're not They're not going to talk. I mean, this is actually more info than we've gotten from Disney. And I I hope that this is sort of a a precursor to perhaps there being a little bit more transparency in their plans. Uh because normally that's the kind of thing where they may not have said anything. They may have just let it go and let people try to, you know, dangle in the wind trying to figure out what's happening. Uh so I'm hoping for more transparency and let them, you know, because they we live in a world today where social media is everpresent, >> right? we're ever present and we're talking about this and they've they've acknowledged that they've acknowledged that in that in that recent um uh media event here for the DCA 25th that you know construction and people you know we cover those things we cover the reverb calendar much closer than they ever uh did in the past. Eyes are on there goes the Montreal again. Eyes are on all of that stuff and and people are they're they're starting to form their own opinions. They're starting to form their own speculations. Why not be more transparent and and give people set the expectation from their end instead of letting us guess and wonder? I feel like that would be a tremendous upside for Disney to do that. Uh so we're going to we're going to stay we're going to stay uh paying attention and hope more stuff is revealed. That is the current state of Hollywood backlot. Nothing is going to happen here until at least January of 2027. You also may have noticed during all of that that Monsters Inc. has been closed this entire time. So, we can't do any sort of uh Q science. We can't do any sort of looking into things and guessing the amount the wait time. I can tell you though, oh, now they're are gone. There were still a lot of people in the queue when I came by here, you know, picking up B-roll, but it looks like most of them have left. We've got a few hearty souls who have committed themselves to waiting it out to see because it usually doesn't take very long for Monsters, Inc. to uh recycle or to cycle through after a breakdown. Now, all in all, I feel like that that year delay is is in the big picture a good thing. Uh I feel like that's good news because I never liked Avatar here to begin with. So, it's given me hope that maybe, you know, maybe they they go in a different direction. But the one thing I am bummed out about is that we have to wait now a year for anything else to get started. I got to wait a year for construction. I got to wait a year for demo. I got to, you know, I got to wait a whole year just to get things started. Man, I was psyched. I was ready. I was so ready uh to start covering that. And that's one of the things I've been like watching. I've been watching listening and like nothing's happening. Why? Let's go. Let's go make this happen. But no. Uh so now we got to wait a year for that. See that crane back there? Man, they're busy. Can I Wow. Yeah, they're moving something right now over into uh Avengers Infinity Defense, which uh there's more to this story. There's more to the the backlo story, Monsters, Inc., Avatar, and all that. There's more to the story that we can cover in a little bit. But let's uh I want to do some I want to do some recon, man. I want to check out a queue. Actually, before we even do that, full disclosure, I suddenly found myself very peckish and I went and got some lunch, which we'll show you later. But I also picked up one of my favorite drinks. This is the uh watermelon pineapple margarita from Bayside Bruce. All right, so cheers to that. Let's do some science. Crowd levels still feel pretty light. I'm not feeling a lot of pressure still. And I'm not seeing a lot of action out here in front of Mission Breakout. Let's go see what the post wait time is. There's no lightning lane. None at all. Uh, oh my. Yeah, they're calling it 65 minutes. And oh boy, let's take a look. It does look pretty still back there. Not a lot of action. Not a lot of movement, I should say. But they are extended. Oh boy. >> That's a healthy queue right there for Mission Breakout. I hope you guys are ready. Uh, that is probably going to be all of 65 minutes is my guess. I'm trying to get out of the way here because uh I think that the five and dime are on my six. That's funny. This queue looks very very posted. I have to say looks very very posted. I don't see a lot of movement. I don't see anybody I don't see any shoulders moving. No heads bobbing. Everybody's kind of just posted, which suggests to me that they are down at least one elevator. I just saw There goes Yeah, Bravo just went through there. Uh we'll wait and see if Alpha or Charlie open up. We just missed it. There goes Alpha. Alpha just went through, which leaves us uh Charlie is inoperable at the moment. 65minut post of wait time with no Lightning Lane. Still waiting for them, by the way, to do just about anything with >> this Fastpass kiosk that they're supposed to be turning into table seating. Nothing's happened there for probably about a month now. No action at all. Common area out here in Adventures Campus looks, I don't know, average. I guess at times it feels light, other times it feels a little busyish. >> Certainly not certifiably busy. I don't know what I'm doing. Let's go to Pimp Test's Kitchen. See how the crowds look. It is 12 I think 12:20 as we approach 12:18. That's a light crowd here at what is peak time for lunch. Not too busy in here at all. But as usual, there's no place to sit. This is one of the hardest places to find a place to sit is here at Adventures Campus. Very, very busy in here. always, at least in terms of like people sitting down and eating. Like that queue in there wasn't that bad. But look at that. They even have to put tables out here, which are fine if it's not sunny, but it is quite toasty out today. I think we're pushing 75 or so now. Uh I'll have to check the app here in a minute. We're going to head to Web Sllingers next where we find a queue that is that is posted at 35 minutes. But uh the back of the queue is out here in the wild space. I can't even get in the queue. I'm in the queue right now, right? So, I can't even walk in there to check it out. They need to do some cube maintenance back there. I'm guessing they haven't opened up the uh the blue bullpen is my guess. I would go investigate, but I would say uh good luck this being 35 minutes. This is going to be probably closer to 40 or 45. Uh things have gotten slower for them. They weren't expecting this, which means there's probably some sort of delay, something happening in the attraction that is causing that up. Unless guests are feeling like 35 minutes is the discount. We haven't seen enough of the park to know that for sure. All we've seen so far is uh a closed Monsters Inc. and 65 minutes for Mission Breakout. So, we don't really know what the what the crowd levels are like quite yet. Although, I would say if anything, like I mentioned, it feels a little light, a little a little chill here so far. Now, on the topic of Monsters, Inc., there's one variable that needs to be considered, and it and it's like one of those AAMs razors type situation. Avengers of Penny Defense. They're obviously still building it. It's still happening. And I I don't it doesn't feel anywhere near completion. Obviously, they've still only just got that shell up there now at the beginning of 2026. has never officially said what the timeline is for Avengers Infinity Defense. We don't know just like Monsters Inc. or just like Avatar. Uh we don't know what the actual completion time, the completion date is supposed to be. We don't know how long it's supposed to take. Uh there's a lot of guests. People were speculating, you know, they want everything up and running before uh Doomsday comes out, the film. They want to synchronize that. Sure. Uh there's talk about the Olympics and getting having everything having everything ready before the Olympics start which I don't pay a lot of attention to that. I don't put a lot of weight on that myself. Uh but if the timeline is such that they think that it could be done by beginning of 20 a year from now. What if they could be done by a year from now? Well then that kind of takes the pressure off Monsters Inc. They could be that they didn't want to close Monsters Inc. too soon because while we are getting new attractions, we're getting two attractions here uh at Avengers Campus. We're also getting obviously an Avatar attraction in the future. We're getting a Coco attraction. All of that is going to take years. In the meantime, you've got a park that's already too light on things to do. There's already too few attractions here. and to close one with nothing else to back that up, nothing else to fill that void that creates a situation where uh you're you know that's poor in terms of guest management and and Demaro and Thomas Masloom have both said that they're trying to make the park more hospitable and that in in in terms like that where they they want to give people as much value as possible or they don't want to they don't want to unnecessarily take away value and If you do, if you close Monsters, Inc. before anything else opens, then uh DCA as a value proposition is less and it would be like that for a while. If they closed that now, DCA would be down in attraction for at least a year. At least a year. So, that could be, you know, it could be the case where nothing is going to change. Avatar is still going to go to DCA or to uh Hollywood Backlot. It's still on time. Uh they just don't want to close Monsters Inc. yet. And that's pretty much the message that they sent. I will say that as well. That's pretty much the message they sent is that nothing else is changing. We're just going to open up Monsters Inc. later. So it, like I said, with in terms of like an AAM razor type situation, that could be the most logical, plainest uh explanation for deferring the closure of Monsters, Inc. And there's no blue sky, no hope of Zootopia or Monstropolis. Uh, and that Avatar is still going to land as constructed, as conceived in the Hollywood backlot. And that, I think, sums up our thoughts on the Monstropolis news. Uh, I do think I'm going to try to do a a more comprehensive discussion of that on our news channel, FreshBaked Presents. I'm hoping to if I have time. I have a very busy schedule this week. And uh, at some point, this news will decay. It will no longer be topical. So, I don't know if I'm going to miss my window for that. But, if if if I do feel like the window is still alive, then I'll I'll shoot something for FreshBank Presents. We do have one other topic of conversation though. I want to talk about the other news that happened last week and that's the park hop rules have changed. We're going to get into that when we get to Paradise Pier. I said Paradise Pier when we get to Pixar Pier. For now, I want to get over to Cars Land. I got to get to Cars Land. And >> I've got to Oh my gosh. Wow. I've got to finish my margarita. Cars land. It is. Okay, that's a little better. All right. Okay, we got some traffic up here on Route 66. Love to see that. I'm hoping for a crowded Mater Junkyard Jamberee, >> but it's not. That's a posted 15 minutes for Maiders right now, which I would agree with that assessment. Right about now, you got just the two switchbacks back here. Mater is always a go no matter what. So, there's not a lot of analysis necessary here. We'll be stopping here just just the same to kind of give you an idea. The 15 minutes is probably pretty accurate. Maybe even just 10. I don't know. Uh, as long as you're running both sides, you're in good shape. It's a party here in Cars Land. All right, let's go check out the cozy cones. >> This actually feels a little lighter than usual. What's up, Mater? >> Yeah, this is definitely light. Okay, party's over. >> I can walk through easily. Nobody's getting churros. Either uh light or uh mobile order or through the kiosk. >> Not much going on here. Nobody here as well. I mean, there is a queue. There are guests waiting. There's two cues, guys. You can There's two cues. Go on the other queue, guys. If you see this It's going wrapping around. It's out here. Now, this is the back of the queue here. It's going all the way around. That's like three times as long as this queue. Both are open. Get in this queue. Oh, here we go. Something's happening out here. Why is concoctions like the the the most popular cone right now? I don't know. But nothing's happening at the other ones. And still, oh, actually, we got two guests at the pop cone. That's a miracle. Meanwhile, at Flo's V8 Cafe at 12:41 p.m. And oh, that's a goodiz queue right there. They're almost out threshold. They've almost broken containment. >> Oh, I don't know, man. I don't know if I want to get in that queue, for sure. Wow. Uh, let's see. What does um the app say for uh mobile order flows is at 33 minutes right now, >> but you can easily get that down as we have proven demonstrabably many many times in the past. Don't get in that standby queue. Mobile order that sucker. See if we can find a table back here. >> Hey, there's one. Oh, there we go. Right here. Oh, these are nice. Awesome. Couple tables here. And then there's usually always tables in the back, but it's harder to get tables inside. Uh there's not a lot of indoor seating here at DCA in general, so anytime you can find one is usually a pretty good deal. So far, I'm having trouble like determining what kind of day we're having today. It's almost like it's exactly in the middle. I will say though, I'm seeing another closed attraction. I may have to take that back. She just opened the door. Oh, hey, that's an opportunity. Let's see what happens. She just opened the doors as I was turning the camera around. I wonder they got it posted at 20 minutes. >> It's going to be a 20 minute wait. Okay, >> we'll see about that. I mean, it could be still be 20 if the people that were in the queue stayed, which I would not recommend doing. That's not It's not a good strategy. Riding out a breakdown Luigi's is probably not the best use of time. I mean, it's I mean, I guess like cuz you're not I mean, how much time are you really going to uh save by by by waiting out there? I don't know. Probably not a lot, but um we're going to see what it looks like out here. And if it's not great, then we'll just keep moving. But I'm always looking for a discount. No discount. No discount at all. How long was it closes? You tell me this whole queue stayed while they were broke down. >> I don't believe you. Raider Springs Racers then. No, we're not going to get on Raider Springs Racers. I mean, hi guys. I suppose I would. Maybe we'll we'll see what Single Rider looks like, but probably not likely. Posted at 65. 65 is the posted way time. Oh my. Now, you can't see you can't see the back of the single rider queue. That's always a good sign. You can't see the back of the single rider queue. You've got a good chance of it not being too bad. We just jumped in. We are in single rider. Am I just going to take my words back right now? >> Let's see. Let's put a clock on this while we're at it. >> Okay, I think I see it now. I think it's around the corner. about where the fountain is, which is still pretty good. Uh we're looking at 10 minutes maybe. Yeah, there it is. Just across the fountain. Standby. Where's st stand back of standby? Is that the the first uh structure there? That's not bad for standby either, especially considering there's nothing in Lightning Lane right now. you might be able to beat that 65minute queue, which is amazing considering this time of day, 12:47 in the afternoon is like the peak time for Raider Springs Racers to hit their highest que levels. It's the least likely that you're going to get a discount is about this time of day. >> 3:45 so far. It is usually the case once you get in here, you're looking at maybe four or five minutes max. >> 10 minutes so far. So that's about what I called was about 10 minutes. We're not quite there yet, but we're just moments away from being sorted into a vehicle. The Raider Springs Racer single rider is the most efficient, beautiful thing that's ever been created in terms of uh ride ops. It is the perfect setup. The two benches with three seats is the perfect setup for single rider because there's often a lot of single rider spots that open up because most parties of more than one person are going to be of an even number two or four or six. It's more likely that there's going to be an even number party than there is an odd number party. And an even number party is the situation that creates single rider opportunities on Raiders racers. Looks like that's our boat at 11:45. >> Stay seated with your seat belt properly. Don't make me come after you. probably just a bad smart one. >> Welcome to race day. >> It's radiator spray. >> Takes more than new tires to win a race. I'm your new crew chief. Oh no. You have fun. Look at that. It's gotten even shorter. There's no waiting at all. It's like a 5minute wait now if you were to get in a single rider. Wow. That's quite a discount. Love that sound. That's the sound of DCA. I love that sound. Well, that was well worth it, guys. Single rider is well worth it. I don't care if you're in a group. I don't care if your group is eight people deep. It's the only one. I cannot imagine with intent getting into a a standby queue. I saw a bunch of people walking just couples. Like if you're a couple, please, for the love of all this pure and holy, get in a single rider queue. You're not getting you're going to be fine. You're going to be fine. I I just met up with some family. They're they're going on a ride, too. I'm like, get a single ride. She's like, "No, I know what to do. Don't worry about it. Good for them. I wonder what everybody's enjoying. Oh, there's the uh Big Dipper. I see a Big Dipper. What are people eating at Flo's V8 Cafe today? What? I hope you guys are having a great day. I hope you're having a great day enjoying your meal here at Clovia Cafe while the sound of Raider Springs Racers roaring by the whole time. Hi guys. That must be such a thing. Oh, look. It's that one car whose name I don't know. Uh, from Cars 3. I've only watched that movie one time. >> She's the hero, right? I I don't know. I forget. Light crowd here for Baymax and Hero. Nice. Oh, but not a light crowd at Coina. Oh my goodness. >> They're even out here into the bonus queue. Oh boy. It is uh 1:15 and that is a good 30 minutes. I have to say that's got to be a good 30 minutes and right now Cina is a 34minut. >> You want to do a mobile order >> uh mobile order wait time right now which again I could show it to you right now if I wanted to. I've done it before where I' i've scanned that barcode right there, the QR code, scanned it, placed an order for 34 minutes from now, and then mobile order refresh that thing right down to 5 minutes from now. And it took about 5 minutes to do it. I'd rather they didn't have mobile order. I'd rather everything was standby. But if they're going to have mobile order and they're not going to charge you for it, if it's going to be free, I should just shut up now. I'm I'm going to stop talking about charging for mobile order. As long as it's free, use it. use it. >> Good size crowd here at uh Lucky Fortune too. For Lucky Fortune, that is comparatively speaking, it's about a third of the size of casino, but for Lucky Fortune, this is a busy day. So, uh people are definitely dining in. What does Lucky Fortune say for Mobile Water Time? Lucky Fortune says 9 minutes, which by the way would uh could easily be refreshed down to now. Check and cast cafe. I heard that somewhere. Hi guys. Wherever that was. Not too bad. They got it out the door here though. That's interesting. Normally the door is here, but they've got the queue starting. Oh, that's weird. I'm really tripping out. I don't like that at all. So, where are they sending Where's the back of the queue? Is that the back of the queue or is that Are they waiting? That's the back of the queue. Oh, I hate this. That's That's making me crazy. Uh, minimal weight here for Mobile Water. You should never have a situation where it is unclear where the back of the queue is. You've got a whole situation set up there with the little switch back. I see that happen a lot at at Chick-fil-A. I go to Chick-fil-A and people are like, they get in the wrong I don't know. There's a way. There's a right way, right? You know what I'm talking about. There's a right way and a wrong way to start a queue. And sometimes, hello. Sometimes it's up to us. It's up to the guest to self-regulate. But man, when that queue goes bad, it's so confusing to the guest. >> All right, guys. I think it's just about time. First look at the tipboard. I have expectation that it's still dead out there. I'm leaning towards it's not at all busy today. Okay, let's see. At 126, I'm expecting this tipboard to be pretty light. Uh I don't I'm not seeing a lot of outliers. Just basically mission breakout is the only thing that we've seen that's, you know, a little high. Golden Zephers 5. Okay. Well, there you go. Goofy Sky School 55 minutes. Return time in just over an hour. What's going on at Goofy Sky School? Guardians is up to 80 now. And the and and Lightning Lane is sold out. Guardians is 80, up from 65. And Lightning Lane is sold out. Inc. Coaster is still pretty busy at 40 minutes. It won't be as busy as we saw two weeks ago, though, that's for sure. Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind. Uh, let's see. It's closed. Jesse's five. Mermaid 20. Luigi's is at 30 now. Wow, that's kind of shocking. Mater is at 30 now. Double shocking. That's twice as long as that queue normally should be. It almost makes me think that there might be a uh one side of those might be closed. Monsters, Inc. is up to 40. Hey, it's back open. At least return time of an hour. Pixar pal around 30 minutes. Yeah, probably. Radar Springs Racers is up to 70 now. It's just I don't think it is though. That did not look like a 70-minute queue to me. Uh single or single or uh Lightning Lane is selling for 18 bucks and return time now. Silly Symphony's 10 minutes. Saurin's 55. Okay, so the so the big ones are still pushing the higher ends, but the rest of the park is kind of dead. Everybody's, anybody who's here is trying to hit those big attractions. Toy Story, for example, 50 minutes. That's a little on the high end. Uh, no, pretty standard actually. Return time of just over an hour. Uh, websingers is now at 40. And Oops. And I think that's it, right? And that's it. Yes, that is it. Take care. That was easy. Park is easy today. There there are pockets of busyiness, which is usually the case. uh even on slow days the big attractions and this is true for Disneyland as well the big attraction are still going to draw a carat you don't get a discount everywhere on a slow day the discounts happen at the smaller attractions now uh I had said that we've got one other thing to talk about one other big story there's actually more than that but today I want to talk about and that is the Disney has said that they're going to end I don't remember if there was a date given they're going to end the requirement the park hopping requirement of 11 a.m. Meaning, you don't have to wait until 11. If you book for DCA, you don't have to wait until 11:00 a.m. to park hop over to Disneyland. You could book DCA, rope drop it, show up at 8:00 a.m., and then park hop over to Disneyland. Right after that, just scan in. I think you do have to still scan in uh and then and then hop over. I think there is still there is that sort of >> 30 minute window where you get you get uh beat or whatever you get you get flagged if you scan into a park and then 5 minutes later try to scan into the other park you get flagged and a lead a cast member has to come over and clear you. They do that for security purposes to make sure that people aren't um >> All right, let's go head over there. >> Giving their tickets to somebody else, right? So, they just check your picture and make sure you were you, that kind of thing. So, you you could scan in at 8:00 a.m. and then park over to Disneyland at 8:05. Now, from the very beginning when the reservation system was first announced and they said, "Okay, we're going to It was used to be 1:00 p.m. The park hopping time was 1:00 p.m. Uh people say is, you know, why is that necessary? Why can't they just get rid of the park hopping time? And I've said since the very beginning, as long as there's a reservation system, there will be a park hopping time. You have to have a time on which you can park hop if you're going to have a reservation system. So, the natural question then is does that mean this is the end of the reservation system? Because that you would think that if I'm going to say that if there's a reservation system, there has to be a park hopping time. Is it also inversely true that if there's no park hopping time, then there should be no reservation system? People are asking, is this the end of the reservation system? And in a way, you can kind of say that it is, but not exactly. You see, the the way I see it, the the the time frame, the the 11:00 a.m. park hopping minimum is necessary if the goal is to actually actually control attendance and better service demand and cast hours, you know, so they make sure they have enough materials or enough food or whatever, enough people, enough cast on hand for that given day. They know how many people are going to be in the park. Both parks, mind you. It only it it only makes sense if it's for both DCA and Disneyland. If if that is your true goal, then the park hop time is necessary. Eliminating the park hop requirement, the 11:00 a.m. requirement or whatever the time is, eliminating that completely is a clear signal to me that it was never it was never about controlling attendance. It was never about cast hours. It was never about uh, you know, having enough food or materials on hand for a given day. Now, I have always said it never was to begin with, but if you're looking for a signal that that that I'm correct, this is one because what it makes no point. It makes no sense. You could have the reservations, you could have that system set up, but as soon as you say, well, it doesn't really matter what time you're at the park. It no longer is the data is no longer relevant. if everybody's booking for the one park and no who no who would book for DCA unless you didn't have to. Now you can say that well they would still limit attendance for Disneyland and once Disneyland was sold out they would push guests over to DCA. Yeah, that's definitely going to happen. That will happen. We will see sold out dates for Disneyland but not DCA. Uh we will we will see that. But what's the point? it. The data that you get from that is meaningless if the people are just going to go to DCA, sign in, and then hop over to Disneyland. The data is no longer relevant. Now, they certainly will keep the reservation system, and by doing so, they can certainly uh still use it to limit overall attendance, but it's now going to be a single figure for the entire resort, not a figure for both or separate figures for Disneyland and DCA. And it's going to actually create more opportunity for Disneyland to be more busy than it was before. But I maintain that that was never a problem to begin with. They've been operating well well under fire marshal capacity >> for the entire time postco. We have never reached a situation where they would even consider keeping guests out of the park. And I I still believe that that's going to be the case. We have stepped that much closer uh to the elimination of the reservation system. We're not there. But this is definitely a win for those guests who are in favor of elimination in that in that argument. It's only a positive towards the next step being the elimination of the reservation system. We've actually approached kind of what they're doing already at Walt Disney World where the reservation system is almost entirely unnecessary. Uh it's very there are very few times where you have to like worry about getting a date. Only the busiest of days are sold out. Uh, and most days are good to go, especially, you know, I mean, it's super easy. I've never had a problem making a reservation at at Walt Disney World, no matter when I've gone. I've never had a problem. I've forgotten every single day without even trying hard. Uh, and I expect it'll be something like that. And I think on a long enough timeline, I think there is hope. And this again goes towards kind of what we were talking about earlier with Monsters, Inc. in tomorrow in Masloom and their plans for the park and how they're trying to reduce friction. Uh I really hope that I'm right about this. I really do. Uh but this is this is a very clear signal that they are stepping well a that it was never about act it was never about actually controlling attendance. It was never about actually measuring cast hours and uh you know having onhand supplies etc. It was never about that. It was always about pushing us to be in the park when they wanted us to be in the park and where losing that park hop is a step towards them not caring about that anymore. And like before on the Monsters Inc. conversation, I'm hoping to be able to do a little bit more in-depth Hi guys. Uh a little bit more in-depth commentary uh from the desk for on FreshBake presents. Hopefully I'll have time for that. There's the single rider key right now by the way for Incred Coaster. Still pretty busy. Look at that. Okay, so we're not out here in the ropes at least. Yesterday, or I should say two weeks ago, we found the back of the queue all the way back there by uh Adorable Snowman. It's still busy. There's still a lot of guests here. They're down here in the bonus section at the bottom. Uh but they're not on the they're not up here on the pier, which is good. Uh you're looking at this this queue right here. Uh 30 minutes, maybe 30 minutes. Look at that. That's moving pretty good. There's a lot of good flow there. A lot of cues independently moving from one. I'm seeing one, two, three, four, five different cues with movement in them, or switchbacks, I should say. Kind of stuck down here a little bit. And meanwhile, they've got Yeah, they've got Incred Coaster posted at 30 minutes right now. Uh, and that's actually pretty accurate. Good job, Disney. Well done. This is a goodiz crowd out here making their way down Pixar Pier. I got to say that's a pretty healthy looking crowd. on the tip board that Toy Story was marked at 50 minutes and that's what that sign is saying right there. Although I am not looking at a 50-minute queue. Not at all. This queue is not a 50-minute queue. That's, you know, under normal conditions, I would probably call that maybe 35, but I am seeing a very healthy and robust lightning lane queue. Look at that. This queue on the other side of these get those guests are walking our standby on the other side of that fence, that rail is lightning lane. Normally see lightning lane right about there to there. Right about that to maybe that yellow pole to the right, but it's all the way back there. And there's also a switch back. Let's see how many they send. The the back of the queue is now through that that archway there. Once they once they get a few more in, they'll start shipping guests. We'll see how many Lightning Lane. We'll see how long this queue is going to sit there not moving. They probably have already been not moving for about two minutes, I'm guessing, while they wait for this queue to clear. Uh they'll fill it up till it gets to about there, right? They'll send a bunch of guests until they fill up to about that point. But I think they want the back of that queue to get a little further up before they do that. I'm predicting 40. I'm going to say 40. No, 30. I will say 30. That's where we're going to go. 30 guests are going to be shipped from this Lightning Lane queue before they send anybody from standby. Okay, so the Yeah, it looks like the queue is moving up and here. Oh, look at that. I'm wrong from the jump. I'm wrong for the jump. They went standby first. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. They sent seven standby. Now we're going Let's see. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 21 24 We'll call that three. 26 28 Still sending 30. Hi guys. 32 33 Still sending 35 They're going to go. Are you guys going? Okay. 38 39. She's starting to chicken or check them down. 39 40 41 42 43 and that's it. 43. Well, I was right in the on the one hand. I was right that they sent 43 before they sent standby. I just I I thought they would send the standby. The seven standby after the 43, but they set the seven or Yeah, seven standby and 43 lightning. Wow, look at the back of that swinging gondola queue here at the Pixar Palaround. It's about ready to come out over here onto the uh actual Oh my gosh. Okay, so that's a 45minut posted for swinging, 30 minutes for non-swinging. I would have to say that 30 minute is in doubt. The back of the queue is around the corner. It's up the ramp now. Uh I usually like to see it inside that corner if I can help it. Down this way is starting to get a little bit uh sketchy. I don't maybe not want to get in that queue. And then anything on this way up the ramp is bad. So things are starting to pick up here at DCA. Everywhere we look, we're seeing some pretty goodized cues. I was going to say this place is dead. Okay. So I'm not sure when it's closed. That's our third closed attraction today. I mean Monsters Inc. did come back up and I don't expect that. Oh no. Well, Luigi's did open up also. So, that's actually now Well, I guess that's our only closed attraction now. Wow. There's nobody up top, though. It's so This is what I'm talking about. The big attractions are still going to pull guests, but the lighter ones, the smaller ones are are going to be walk-ons. Uh you can you're going to walk right on to Silly Symphony Swings right now. There was nobody at the top. Take a quick pass through Paradise Garden here. Let's go see what You know what? It's a shame that this is at the end of our route. One of these days I might have to go backwards cuz I've been wanting to have lunch here at Boardwalk. Although I did have lunch at Paradise Garden, but it's at the end and I'm like, "Oh, you know, I'm I'm too hungry. I can't wait this long. Next time. Next time we're coming." It looks like they're making food fresh, man. I love it. They've I mean they're they're dishing it out. Oh, she's No, she's making it right there. She's putting on the stove right now. Awesome pizza. Uh I don't think they're serving Are they still serving the Oh, they are the Korean pork belly. Lunar New Year is over. That ended yesterday, but it looks like they had a little pizza left over. I would have liked to have tried that. Maybe we'll hope that that's still the case. I kind of regret not getting that earlier today. I did get something new though at Paradise Garden Grill right next door. Uh let's take you there now. My lunch at Paradise Garden and then we'll pick this show back up when we're done. It's been a minute since I've done a proper food review. We were hustling so hard during uh Lun or Lunar New Year and the new food that came out in January. So, I'm getting a chance to catch up a little bit on something that we didn't get to enjoy that is new this year at Paradise Garden Grill as we're accompanied by a really smooth band back there behind me. Uh, lemongrass pork skewers. These are grilled lemongrass marinated pork belly skewers served with fried garlic rice, pickled carrots, and daicon radish. And then a side salad. Love trying new stuff, and I'm very curious about the uh lemongrass marinated pork belly skewers. I do like pork belly, but this is a lot. This is There's two of these. This is a lot of pork belly. And that I'm going to assume is going to be a lot of fat. >> Kind of see it on it already. >> Lemongrass. >> That was amazing. >> It took me a while to get there. I had to finish chewing. And I >> I'm hoping my expression has stolen the story. This is better than the pork belly that they serve at Bango Barbecue. I'm still not sure if there's too much, but this the seasoning on this is almost perfect. It's light but present. Uh and and while the the pork belly is fatty and chewy, that's the way it's supposed to be. So, you should have that know that going in. But there's just this perfect amount of of texture on that bite. Lightly crunchy, but still fatty and chewy. Wow, that's outstanding. One more bite look real quick with that green onion or the the chives on there. I like that very much. Wow, that's amazing. Now, I know there's a lot going on here with that pork belly. That's a lot for me to get into. Luckily, we are able to cut that a little bit with a with a pretty tasty looking salad and that garlic rice. And I don't not sure if this is probably some kind of vinegrett or something. But after this show, you come to realize, >> of course, nothing too earth shattering there with it's just lettuce, cucumber, tomato, but it actually is a very nice counterbalance to the salty, savory, you know, uh, pork belly, which is really nice. Uh, I haven't tried, I forgot. There's also the carrots. That's quite a lot actually. >> Oh my. That was fantastic. Better than the salad. Wow. I think they're already marinated. The carrots are. Let me go back. Yeah, they're pickled. Pickled carrots and daicon radish. So that marin the the pickled marination is wonderful there. And then one more, the garlic rice, which I appreciate immensely. No fries. I was trying to find something to eat today. I was really hungry. I completely stopped our show so I can come down here and eat this because there's no fries. I'm on I'm still I'm still, you know, uh on that fry thing, the fry gate. I'm still rebelling against that and I'm doing it the best I can. I am uh boycotting any meal as much as possible. Any meal that is that it comes with those basic >> uh those basic fries that I hate so much. Here's the garlic rice. >> No, maybe enough. >> That went from Okay. So, not very good. >> There's a strange second kick, like an aftertaste going on there, which I might have to revisit here in a minute. But not before I get into some more. By the way, I did >> stop at Bayside Bruise first for this amazing. You guys remember when I had this before? when I was really feeling myself that day. The watermelon pineapple margarita. That's tequila, watermelon schnaps, and pine pineapple juice with chili lime seasoned rim. This is mana from heaven. Love this. Love these margaritas. You know what? As a matter of fact, had to stir that up a little bit. Man, I can't wait to get into this right now. That is amazing. That is so so very good. >> Perhaps my favorite margarita >> served here at the Disneyland Resort. The best I've ever had. That's incredible. >> All right, I still have a whole other >> skewer here to go on these amazing pork belly skewers. Lemongrass. >> This is delicious. This is great. I'm giving the whole plate a four and a half out of five. I got to give a strike for that rice. That rice was not very good, but this is delicious. Come to Paradise Garden Grill for some really interesting meals if you want to get away from the usual stuff here at the rest of the park. That's it for Got to get back to work. Cheers, Fresh Bake. A very successful lunch indeed at Paradise Garden Grill, especially that margarita. And right next door is Goofy Sky School where we saw I posted 50 minutes on the tip board earlier. It looks like that's about where we're at. Maybe even less now. I'm not Well, I'll show you here in a second. Let's get a little closer. >> Get a better look. >> Well, this single rider is clear. >> It says 45, but uh they're they're barely in this section out here, and they're not out here in the in the garden at all. That's that's not 45, you guys. That's actually maybe 30 35 minutes. I'm almost tempted to clock this thing, but uh as usual, I'm on a limited time frame, but uh I would, you know, relative to the posted wait time, >> get in this queue. You're winning. You're getting a discount. I guess we can't check jumping jellyfish because it is closed. We've been talking about this being on the reverb counter for a little while. We are here now. It's only going to be like uh like 4 days, I think. No, no, it might be longer than that, actually. It could be a month. And now I forgot. I can't remember. Uh, but Jellyfish is closed. And then when Jellyfish is done, they're going to close Golden Zephyr and do a little reverb on that as well. I hope you guys watched our construction video from Monday. What What an incredibly fascinating week of updates we had. What's going on out there on Disneyland Drive in Catella is fascinating. I'm trying to process it. And I'm trying to figure out what the possibilities are, what that means for, you know, just not just plans today, not not not plans for a year from now, but plans for 10 years from now as it relates to, you know, Disneyland forward and that kind of thing. Uh just an incredibly fascinating update. We've got there was an update uh at Indiana Jones where I feel like maybe we thought perhaps that they were going to fix that deck over there that's in between Cars Land and Jungle Cruise that you know where the rotted out generator and the crates were. Those are gone. They took them out. But as I was as I was going through the process of you know uh sort of analyzing what I was seeing, there were things there. The way they had the scrim set up was was a tell for me that it wasn't exactly what I thought it was and that there was room for another possibility. And I'm hoping I'm wrong, but it could be that they just took them out and uh and they might put them back when they're done. But they are doing something. They are doing something there. It's just a question of scale. It's a question of how far. Are they going to go all the way and replace that stuff or are they going to put it back? By the way, there's not much happening here at uh Little Mermaid. I was watching the queue as we walked by. It's very loose. Uh not at all problematic back there. This is looking at at worst. It'll probably say post to 20, but it's more like 10 or 15. Indeed, that does say 20 minutes. Jerry the Fox at Doc Hopper. Guys, what do you think? Would you be happy if there was more Zootopia representation here at the parks? Would you be happy if it was Zootopia at the Hollywood backlot and not Avatar? Are you excited about if it's not that at least getting Zootopia and the Symbbleot for Disneyland forward? I wanted a Tron land to be honest. I wanted a Tron land uh back there on in the Symbbleot. Um, but I I understand Tron is an IP that it's just not I mean it does better in the parks than it does the theaters. It's just it's just not happening. I mean they sell merch though, right? They sell merch. Tron does. How's merch doing >> in the overseas park for Zootopia? I wonder. All right, let's check in. >> Hi. Thank you. >> Redwood Creek for our moment of zen. Walls are still up over here. >> We're here now at 2:00 p.m. Little chatter. They're redoing the bridge right here that goes over Redwood Creek. >> All right. So, my friend, I will give us a prompt and then each of us will give you >> They did it already for this bridge, I think. Although I can't be sure because, as I mentioned before, that looks like old wood to me. This looks like it's been here a while, doesn't it? But I can definitely tell you that on the matching bridge over there, they took out the old wood. It was gone two weeks ago. That wood was gone. And we can go up there and we'll see there's some new wood down there. Or maybe they're done already. They took the covering down. Those all those boards were gone 2 weeks ago. They look like they're the same ones. And there's new there's new 2x4s down here as well. So, what are those for if they weren't to put Well, actually, they're not the same size, are they? They're different size than the boards that were there. I wonder maybe they took them out hole and did something else underneath and then put them back. I am now going to endeavor to walk across the rope bridge and try not to break my neck. >> Hell, we did it. Positively delightful. Love Redwood Creek. Thank goodness they did turn this into Avatar, right? >> Thank you. There was a moment where I thought they would or I thought it made perfect sense. I thought they turned this into like just a themed area. They would do a dark ride where Little Mermaid is. This would be a water ride obviously uh Pandora related a water ride and then they would do a Flight of Passage type thing at Saurin. I thought that made a lot of sense. I didn't want them to do it because I think Redwood is great. I think this is one of the most or it is the most underrated land in either park. I love I love Grizzly Peak. Uh even though I'm not a fan of Saurin, lots of people love it. So, I mean, it's a perfectly fine attraction. Uh but I just think this is just perfectly done and executed and it would be a thematic waste for them to turn this into Avatar in my opinion. Another closed attraction by the way. Grizzly River Run down for its annual maintenance, but there's been uh there's still no date there. They've been working on it for a little while. Oh, they are finally doing something. Oh, no, that's just a pump. Uh yeah, they're trying to get more of the water out. This it's accumulated some water during the storms, so they're pumping out the water, but nothing happening here on the uh on the geysers. Pretty deep back of the queue right there for Saurin. >> Oh, you did. >> Not ideal. We saw what was it? 50 I think on the tip board earlier about an hour ago. >> Doesn't look too bad out here though. Lightning lane's no big deal. >> You want to hold on to >> I might be inclined to get in this queue you guys if I were, you know, looking to go into So, I don't like soaring. I'm not a fan of this ride, but if I were interested in soaring, this would be a go situation for me, I think. That's looking pretty. I mean, it's not bad. Yeah, it says 45. And look how swiftly that's moving right now, too. I love to see that. Oh, that could just be a situation. They've iterated a group of guests into the building. They do it in batches like that. So, it always looks good when you see that. Oh, man. That's that's a go for me. All in all, I got to say this has been a go situation for this day. DC has been pretty manageable today. I like it. And back at Carth circle where the flowering pink trumpets. Wait, are those flowering pink trumpets? They're blooming. Whatever those are. Those trees are blooming now as we approach spring. And look at the size of this queue to meet mini that's wrapping around. It's going around here and then it's going back that direction. Wow. Go get a mini. There you go. Fresh break. That's our show. I hope you guys enjoyed watching. Stay tuned for more from Fresh Break as always and know that we love you guys. know that we are so appreciative of you watching this show. Means a lot to us. Thank you so much. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake.
