---
video_id: 6Ge5zINFCO0
channel: FreshBaked
title: "The very BEST reason to close Disneyland | Last 2 hours at Disneyland"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ge5zINFCO0
---
Five rides, a hot beverage, and a little show on Main Street. That is the goal tonight, and we've got two hours to get it all done. We're closing Disneyland. >> Keep it moving. It's not looking. >> That's right. >> The last two hours at Disney are an incredibly great opportunity to get a lot done, to do more than you could do at any other time of day. Even at uh 8:00 p.m. The park's closing at 10:00 p.m. tonight. Even at 800 PM, most everybody is going home, leaving, you know, half empty cues and walkways. But not only that, you know, uh, a while back, I made myself a promise that I was going to do more closing visits to Days Line because it is just so cool. It is so cool being here as the park is closing, as everything you just It's a different vibe. It's a completely different vibe. It's a less stressful vibe. It's a more relaxed vibe. And you feel you feel more I don't know. I feel more connected to Disneyland in these last two hours than I do well again perhaps uh any other time of the park except for maybe rope drop. So with that, let's get started. The plan tonight is Roger Rabbit, Alice Wonderland, Buzz Lightyear, some kind of hot beverage on Main Street, catch part of at least some of Wondrous, some kind of Wondrous magic happening on Main Street. I'm going to show you guys what that show looks like uh on a on a Monday evening on Main Street or I'm sorry on a Wednesday evening and then Star Tours and Space Mountain and that's going to be a chance to show you what is perhaps the coolest part of closing the park at Disneyland. So stick around for that. But we got our first destination. We're supposed to hit the door. We got to hit Toontown and Roger Rabbit by 8:05. arriving. We're already late. Arriving at the gate or at the threshold post at 8:30. That's uh about what I expected arriving here at 8:09. I got a little sidetracked on Main Street. So, we're already 4 minutes behind, but I'm not actually worried. I feel like we're going to do considerably better or have the opportunity at least to do that. I don't think it's going to be very busy tonight and I don't think we're even going to hit 30 minutes for Roger Rabbit. Although he did find the back queue just past the proper so far so good. Uh what are we at now? 7 almost 8 minutes here. We're in the deck room. I feel like we're halfway through the queue. The goal was to be out of here by 8:35. It is 8:18. So despite the fact that we got a 5minute delay, I think we're still in good shape. And that is our cab at 8:26. Yeah. All All right, good start. Good start. Leaving Roger Rabbit at two town at 8:31 in spite of our slow start. We're already up uh what 4 minutes in the bank. We got 4 minutes in the bank right now. I And that's probably going to be the the most difficult queue that we encounter tonight except for probably Space Mountain, but there's a hack that which we're going to get to when that when that attraction arrives. Uh but the rest of the stuff that we're going to encounter tonight, I think should be pretty dreamy. I feel like we got a pretty uh Where's that? I see her somebody. Uh but yeah, I think we've got a pretty easy night ahead of us and that's going to include our next destination. We need to beat Alice in Wonderland by 8:40. Oh yeah. 8:34 and we're arriving. Is it still 8:34? 8:35 and we're arriving at Alpha 109. This looks like it's going to be a dream again. I think I figured, let's see, what do I have? Head out. Getting into Ala 8:40 and out of the queue or out of the ride in 15 minutes. And that while that sounds aggressive, I don't think I don't think we're going to have a problem with that. We're going to we're going to do this in 10 minutes. I think this queue is super light. I don't remember >> 8:45. And that's our caterpillar. Looking for the water rabbit. Well, it's rabbit like a toy. his head since this is with the head. Stop it. Anybody checking teal? >> Let's take a look. >> Nope. Teal has been taken. Or I should say yes, teal has been taken. The last two are that orange one and the purple. I think everything else is taken. Well, way to go, Teal. And that is 8:50 exiting Alice in Wonderland. I I actually we I almost had that nailed. Uh that was about I think it was just under 15 minutes. I think we I think we cut another 2 minutes off our time. We got 5 minutes in the bank right now. But there was a point in the queue back there where it got a little sticky somehow. I'm not sure what was going on there, but >> what's up? Uh but yeah, so I thought we would do better, but we still did great. We still got it done. I mean, completely done in I think we're in our vehicle in under 10 minutes, maybe 10 minutes. All right, we one more one more stop here, one more ride, then we're going to head back to Main Street. The goal is to see a little bit of Wondrous out there on Main Street, but we still got some time left to squeeze in Buzz Lightyear. Buzz Lightyear. Except Well, that doesn't look good right there. No. Uh oh, wait. No. Oh my gosh. This is going to go so well. They've actually just closed standby. They're sending standby in through Lightning Lane. Oh my gosh. There's nobody here tonight. Uh so we're getting in this queue. Let's see. Yeah, it says five minutes. I I budgeted Oh my gosh. I budgeted 15 minutes total for this, including the ride. So, I mean, I was actually anticipating it being kind of dead, but this is dead even than I was anticipating on this January evening, Wednesday evening. >> Fine. Time to set the piece. All right, you junior space rangers, listen up. Sir is using the stolen battery cells to energize his secret weapon >> into our vehicle at 856. Attention space rangers. Attention space. The space will now be. >> Oh man, I tried really hard. I tried really hard. How'd I do? 107400. That's pretty good for me. Although I did benefit from having River Park there for a second. I got some of those low value targets for a little bit. Oh my god, I made space code. All right. >> Oh, I'm so bad at this game. Take a quick bounce through the store command. One of the great gift shops here at Disneyland. Astro Orbiter Jet. And that is us exiting Buzz Lightyear at 9:04 now. 16 minutes. We have banked 16 minutes. That could be one extra ride or so. In fact, we're going to take that extra ride right now. It is. Okay. This is the the first gamble of the evening. It's 9:05. It's a posted 5 minutes for Star Tours, which is uh I had budgeted Star Tours for the later in the evening and I was going to say it was going to be uh 15 minutes here also, but I don't want to I don't want to get on Main Street yet. It's too early for Main Street cuz I want to be on Main Street at about well 9:20ish to get, you know, coffee or hot chocolate or something and then see a little bit of Wondrous and then back. I want to be done with that and back into Tomorrowland at 9:40. Park closes at 10:00. So, we're actually already an hour into that stretch, that 8 to 10 stretch. And I have start to So, we're going to do this now. And I may be able to do Astral Orbiter. That's going to be our bonus ride if time permits. And maybe we can see that. Well, there's no fireworks. But at least, you know, we can see the projections and, you know, whatever is happening out there at the hub. And Seth, you know, while the fire Well, I keep wanting to say fireworks, but while wild wonders is happening. >> Mr. Nas, Mr. Nour, please tour. It's your hands for me to look at, not you. So, keep it moving. It's not looking. >> That's right. >> Each of those traveling with small children, >> please prepare for >> That's in our seat at 9:40 or 9:16. >> Welcome. 9:16. So, we were supposed to exit Buzz Light or 9:15 and be at Starbucks on Main Street by 9:20. We're not going to make that, >> but I feel like this is going to pay off in the other side of things. >> I don't know what that extra ride is going to be bonus time is, but I think we're going to get there. I do hope you have enjoyed your flight. Uh exiting Star Tours now at 9:24. Uh so we don't I no longer know exactly how much time we have in the bank. We're not going to know that again until we get out of uh Main Street after having our coffee or whatever and seeing a little bit of that wondrous thing. Uh so we don't actually know what we're in the bank right now. Let me just take this opportunity though while we're on that topic and exiting that I you know every time we do something like this there's so usually we get the occasional comment or like you know what are you doing why what's your point like just have fun this is fun this is how I have fun obviously obviously you don't have to do what I'm doing obviously I could just go around and do attractions that I feel like doing and enjoy myself and I would have a great time also But I like I like this. And I'll tell you something else. I think there's a lot of other people who also like it. >> Let me be me. Let me be happy and let me do my let me do my my challenges. So I know that I I just say that because I don't want anybody to think that I'm, you know, creating anxiety for myself or creating stress where they shouldn't be. Trust me, I I'm I'm the last person who I I don't like stress. I don't like anxiety and I don't like creating it where I don't want it. So, this is fine. I'm good. I'm having fun. I like to see I like to challenge myself a little bit. I like to see if I can guess the times right and that kind of thing. And uh with that said, let's get to Main Street. And at 9:26, God, there's only 34 minutes left in this evening. 34 minutes before the park closes and we still have stuff on our agenda to do. Uh now our options are depending on how things go here on Main Street. Um you know we we have we've we've jumped our schedule. Star Tours has moved up which means we're going to have all kinds of time theoretically uh between Wondrous and I'm not going to watch the whole show just FYI just that's my benchmark getting out here uh between Wondrous and Space Mountain. Uh because we have other plans for Space Mountain. We have a very specific plan for Space Mountain. One of the coolest things about closing the park is what we'll be able to be doing at Space Mountain. Just stay tuned for that again, as I said. Um, but uh, yeah. So, maybe we just chill. We could do we could either try to squeeze in an attraction like Astro Orbiter. Uh, or we can just enjoy ourselves on Main Street until it's time for space. By the way, it is 2 minutes to showtime right now. And this is Main Street. two minutes to showtime. And maybe that's something that I should go look at right now because this is part of what I wanted to see was what's what's it like on an off peak night when there's no fireworks. On a fireworks night, you wouldn't be able to do anything that I'm doing right now. You would everybody would be shoulderto-shoulder. There would be bodies everywhere and the this group of people would go all the way down to the end of Main Street towards Town Square. We would not we would not be able to walk freely where we are. Wow. Uh so and another thing that I have talked about uh in the past also is that if it's projections only, you you probably don't even have to bother coming out here to the castle. Uh the projections I feel like the projections are kind of seen better and experienced better on Main Street. But I want to go see what it looks like out there right now. >> Yeah. The show's on. The show's on. My goodness. >> Audiences to believe in things never thought possible. And so tonight, we once again invite you to wish upon stars, to step into the unknown, and to join us on this our wondrous journey. Some things start out big >> and some things start small. But sometimes the smallest thing can make the biggest changes of all. >> There's so much room everywhere. from the star is how we grow. It's you and me. My gentle from jumping to fight to learning to fly the pain of explosion. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I was expecting to be light, but not that light. My goodness. All right. 9:33. I budgeted. What did I budget for this? For Starbucks, I gave myself 15 minutes. 15 minutes. We're so winning. 936 one tall black no room. Cheers big. We're at Disneyland on Main Street at 9:40. watching wondrous projections. The luckiest damn bastard in this whole world, man. My favorite part of course Okay, here's the plan. >> Everybody's freaking out cuz they can see Baymax. There he is. >> Oh, okay. I got to go back this way. I think I've decided to take this time to get an extra treat. Not an extra ride, but an extra treat. I'm going to do it. I don't know if I can do it right now. I'm going to try. Can I get a churro while they're doing fireworks? I can't tell. The churro card is closed. That would have been cool. I don't know. I'll go find another one. I'll go find another churro. Borrow it. I mean, I totally could walk on to >> Astro Orbiter right now if I wanted to. I mean, it would be the next I'd be on the next rocket right now, >> but I'm getting that churro. And this could be the longest the longest wait we have all night. Certainly, I'm going to wait longer for this churro than I did for my coffee. They're having a rush. There's not enough available. That means we're guaranteed a hot fresh fresh churro. I'm having the best time right now. This is what I was talking about. I mentioned this in the early on. You don't even know it's going to happen to you until it starts happening. And this h every single time, every single time I close the park, every single time I I get to this point in the night where it's, you know, 10 minutes to closing or whatever, and you start feeling that vibe, that magic of being at Disneyland at the end of the night, and you're just like, "Oh my god, why don't I do this more often? This is so great. I love this. I'm having the best time. I'm at the park three days a week at least and I this is always the most fun. This more fun rope job is more like I'm on a race, you know? I'm I'm racing. I'm getting a lot done, but I'm racing. Uh now it's very fun. I enjoy it for what it is, but this is more of a childlike. I'm going to get my churro. >> Thank you. >> I'm going to have you stand right here. Okay. Fresh churro. Yeah, >> the ducks are free cuz Galactic Grill is closed. Well, that took a minute. That took a minute. It's 9:54. I've got 5 minutes. What an awesome choice, >> dude. Just classic churro. They make a lot of churros here at Disneyland. Some of them are great, >> but I'm not sure anything is better than just a plain classic churro. So, we've got 95 or it's 9:54. We got 5 minutes. And the thing that I've been talking about, you know, the one of the best reasons, one of the best perks of closing the park, something that you can't do anytime, any time of day, not even at rope drop. If the park closes in 10:00, you can get into any queue. Any queue at at the very last second. You We've done it before many times. If we got into the train, we did the the the last train ride around the park. We got on that train with like seconds, literally seconds before 10 p.m. It was so awesome. It was a highlight. We did it at Pirates of the Caribbean that one time I remember. And we're going to do it tonight. Now, I'm I'm setting it up, right? I'm setting this up to do it. I'm I'm intentionally waiting because I just want to have that experience because I think I've only done this once before where right before where I was one of the last guests to get into the Space Mountain queue and I want to see what it's like. I want to know how busy it is because Pyrus was dead. Obviously, the train was dead. Indiana Jones, I think we may come close. It was pretty dead. How How full is it? I don't know. So, it's posted at 30 right now. The posted wait time at 9:56 is 30 minutes. If that's true, this is the this is why it's cool because I'm going to spend I'm going to spend 30 minutes in that queue all of it off the clock. The park is going to be closed the whole time. I'm going to be in that queue. And you can't say that about a rope drop. You can get a head start, but you can't spend the entire queue. You're off the clock, right? It's one of one of the coolest things you can possibly, you know, one of the best features. It's like getting an extra ride in. So you can plan, you can say, "Okay, I'm going to do four rides and let's say they take 30 minutes each or whatever and the zombie done in two hours." Add a fifth ride on top of that. You know what I mean? As long as you're in that queue, Montreal. As long as you're in that queue by, you know, seconds before 10:00 or whatever the closing point is, you're good to go. Cheers. Let's go. Let's make it happen. pretty sure >> we just made it. I I just decided to go just like 30 30 seconds a minute earlier just in case. I don't know where the uh cut off point is to be sure. I actually haven't done this in such a long time, but I think they're still still letting guests in. I think 10. Oh, he's counting it down. Is that 10 seconds? That's 10 seconds. >> All right. All right. Let's see if that 30 sec or 30 minutes holds up. Yeah, they're definitely they're on the stopwatch. >> I don't know if you can hear that. That's the uh that's the good night Disneyland is closed announcement as we enter the Space Mountain queue. We're now off the clock. I feel like I was just here yesterday when in fact I did. Oh my god, that's so cool. You guys think about that. I rope dropped it yesterday. I rope dropped Space Mountain yesterday. I was one of the first guests in and the next day I'm one of the last guests in these guests coming up behind me right there. That's it. That's the end of it. And I guess one extra benefit also in doing this at closing is that there shouldn't be there shouldn't be any lightning lane. Everybody should have they, right? Everybody should have cashed in their lightning lanes at this point. Although, I thought I just saw somebody pass by over that. But still, it should be if it is, it's not very many. So, we should be able to have a pretty free run through the through the halls of Space Mountain. >> No Lightning Lane into the halls at 10:03. So that was pretty much just 3 minutes from the threshold, which is that is where they cut us off was at that threshold back there up the ramp >> on the first floor. Uh 3 minutes from that to the basically the last hall here before the mix point. And it looks like we're going to walk right through. There is no mix. They're sending everybody. It looks like >> awesome. Maybe 10:04. >> Yep, just 10:04. >> Now, something I forgot to mention while we were enjoying our churro is that this what we're doing now is the reason why you don't do Space Mountain. If you're planning to close the park, Space Mountain should be your very last attraction cuz it's the biggest timesaver. Every other attraction that you do at at midnight or whatever the closing time is will be basically an absolute walk-on. We're still waiting. This we're at uh 10:08 right now. So, we've been in the queue for 8 minutes and we've probably got another 2 or 3 minutes to go at least. Uh it's not 30, but don't wait. Don't wait in a 30 or 40m minute queue for Space Mountain at 9:00 p.m. which it would have been. It would have been a pure 30 a half an hour ago. Don't do that. Wait until 8 or you know 10:59, 11:59, whatever. Wait until that last minute and you will get the cheapest possible price to ride Space Mountain. Then you will get almost all day except for except for road traffic. If you're closing the park in the last 2 hours, do anything but ride Space Mountain. ride any other literal attraction besides Space Mountain. Ride Space Mountain only in the last minute. And that right there was the back of the queue. There's nobody else behind us. That's our boat at 10:13. Last boat. Do they have one more? I think they have one left. Yep. And there's two gas in that last one. That's awesome. 5 3 2 1 go. Taking a peek real quick. It's all empty. There's nobody in there. Why does that make me crazy? I don't know. Another one of my favorite parts of closing the park, you know, when doing a last minute attraction is the desolation that you find as you, you know, when you walk out of that last queue like Pirates or Indiana Jones or whatever and the park is more or less completely empty. It is now, let's see, the park has been closed. >> It is what is that 10 10:20. Park has already been closed for 10:20. So, a good amount of folks uh have already left the park. Now, we're going to find some people just relaxing, which I indoors. Dude, soak it in, man. soak it in cuz they'll they it takes them a while for security or cast or whatever to sort of they they they push they do a they do a slow push from the back of the park, you know, starting at Galaxy's Edge or Toontown and they'll just, you know, slowly start pushing people, nudging them out there. It's not a situation where they're, you know, like, "Hey, it's 10:00. Get the heck out." It's not like that at all. But I really enjoy this sort of peaceful vibe after hours after closing. Nobody's getting in a queue. Nobody's getting any food. People are just absolutely just soaking it in. They're basking in the afterglow of postclosed Disneyland. And that's the part that triggers people. You know what I mean? Because there's not there's there's nothing to do. You could shop on Main Street. Sure. which, you know, we'll walk down Main Street, check things out. But the people that are in the park right now are here for the love of the game. And I you got to respect, man. You got to respect that. They're here because of they just want to be in this space and and have the osmosis of Disneyland surround them and be in it. We're, you know, I'll show you the castle. See this? >> Nobody wants to leave. Nobody wants to leave. There are so many people out here on a on a Wednesday night in January. Just they want to be present in front of Sleek Beauty Castle. And you can find us all up and down Main Street. People hanging out right here at the hub, getting pictures, sitting on benches. Love the bench sitters. I won't >> more pictures. And you start seeing people filtering in from other lands, >> Adventure Land, Frontier Land over there, doing the same thing we just did, coming in from Indiana Jones or Pirates or all the way back to Rise of the Resistance or Galaxy's Edge. I have no idea if Rise was open till 10 or not, but and then you got this amazing walk down Main Street with all the lights. It's just absolutely perfect situation and it will never be met. It'll never be uh accomplished by any other theme park experience. I promise you. Main Street Disneyland and I mean Main Street Disneyland Anaheim closing experience is unmatched in my opinion. Absolutely unmatched. Anyway, more ducks. Go get them ducks. They can walk freely or at least more freely. Peace be with you, Doug. Peace be with you. It is presently Oh, let's do the thing. It's 10:25. Let's go see what the uh Penny Arcade with the candy shop. Hey, how are you guys? This is usually always a little bit of mayhem, even 30 minutes into the night or into the closing period. Yeah, it's it's a slow it's a slow day and it's still packing here after hours. Huge queue. Got to have a line starts here. Guy this this queue is going back. Oh, are they still making candy back there? They are. They are still make Oh, no. She's just putting tags and stuff that they're making. Um, yeah. Still a queue. Oh, no. No. Go ahead. If you want to get yourself I mean this is what you do right at the end of the night because you don't want to waste any time in here when you could be in a queue. So you save this till the end of the night. And God bless all these folks too. >> This is the stuff that they make in the windows. All this stuff that you're seeing here, all this candy was made out there in that window on on Main Street. Let's see. Pardon me. I think they closed Gibson Girl, though. I'm going to go take a quick walk by. >> I see folks sitting. It's 10:26. They're Oh my gosh. You can still get Gibson Girl. I'm so tempted. Oh, look how happy everybody's going to be when they get their scoop of ice cream at 10:30 at night. I could not be more happy for everybody in that queue right now. What an amazing end of the night that's going to be for them. Again, there there's to do nothing more. They're not on their way anywhere. They're not they're not going to an attraction. They they don't have to see a show. All they want is that damn ice cream to eat it here on Main Street before they leave. Amazing. And same thing is true over here at the Emporium. Uh, you know, if you're shopping for merch, not quite as magical as getting ice cream at the Gibson Grill at 10:30, but don't don't waste any time shopping at, you know, 7:00 or 8:00 or whatever in the evening. Do it at the end of the night cuz they'll be open until 11:00. The Emporium and all the gift shops on Main Street stay open 1 hour after park closed. And I've been here uh I I did a I did a video a long time ago where I tried to, you know, see if I could see how long I could hang out in the park and and the park closed at midnight and I just sat up there. We'll go out there in a minute, but I just wanted to show you what the emporium looks like 30 minutes after closing. It's packed. People are just absolutely trying to get in their last minute shopping. But I sat up there at the uh train station and there were people shopping until literally until 1:00 a.m. Literally it was 1:00 a.m. and there were still guests in there trying to buy merch. I decided this I was trying to be the last one out. Like I didn't want to do it in such a way where like they were waiting for me. I didn't want to do that obviously. So and I wasn't because there were obviously people in the emporium. They weren't waiting for me. So, I kind of I just kind of filtered out just ahead of that group. But that was it was such a moment. But that's what I mean. Look at how busy it is out here uh at Town Square. Popcorn stand is open. You can still get a churro at least for a little while. Churo stand is open. And you could still sit out here at town square enjoying your ice cold beverage, your box of popcorn for no other reason than just to exist and to be here and take your picture and bask in the glow of the dis. I can you just I I can't stop. I know I probably sound ridiculous, but I know at least some of you are picking up what I'm putting down. It's incredible. This is where I always end my night whenever I close. As long as Mickey and or his friends aren't out here, cuz sometimes they'll do that. they'll say good night, but that's usually on a more seasonal evening perhaps, you know, a busier night, but not here in January. So, as long as they're not out here, I'll end my night up here. >> Somebody's ringing a bell at the fire department. That's so cool. So, obviously it's 10:31. No train is 10:32. But is the sweeper train still out there? I thought they parked it here when they were done. Maybe I don't know if we're too late for the for the sweeper train to come back in. I don't think it takes a half an hour to make the full tour, does it? Okay. Well, that's Yeah. 10:32. We did it, guys. It was super easy. This wasn't exactly a huge challenge. And you know, that challenge is just just kind of fun to give me a target. Thought I heard the train. Uh but we did get our five rides in easily plus some chill time with that churro. Uh a really cool run on Space Mountain after hours and this trip down Main Street and enjoying this moment with all these people out here, all these lovers of Disneyland. Every single one of them. Every single one of them. has felt a certain kind of way. Disneyland makes them feel a certain kind of way. I'm so happy for all you guys. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Respect.
