---
video_id: AjvHjW-124s
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Chaotic crowds at DCA! | State of DCA 2026-02-09"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjvHjW-124s
---
madness. One week it's dead, next week it's total chaos. Nothing makes sense. Crowds everywhere. What is this cue at the Incredic Coaster? We're on a quest to find out as we take a complete tour around the park, every land, and every attraction. It's our state of DC report and this is Fresh Bank. And with that, it's time to get this show started here on Boys Street. My goodness, what a start it is to this day. on a Monday afternoon. 142 on a Monday afternoon. It is 77° out. It was supposed to start getting cool again. It is not. I'm getting sick of this heat. This heat is ridiculous. Hi. Hey, what's up, guys? This heat, it's We're halfway through February and we're still getting temps in the high 70s, low 80s, sometimes high 80s. Uh but more importantly, the scene on Buisa Street is very very busy. Last week, last Monday, we're doing Disneyland. Dead. Dead everywhere. Surprisingly, shockingly dead. I Everybody had their reasons. And I'm like, I don't know, man. I don't know. I can't figure it out. But then I came back on Friday. I was doing my construction recon on Friday. If you guys saw, we we vlogged that. That's part of our new memberships have started here on this channel, by the way. And you can watch our us vlogging that was quite a scene. So very busy on Friday and I was you know I believed I assumed it would continue here on this day. But I wasn't even this was not what I was expecting. It is quite busy out here on Buz Street on this Monday afternoon. Monday following >> the Super Bowl. How's it going? Uh yeah, we're starting a little late today, by the way, because uh I was I I had a hard time waking out of my slumber from the most boring Super Bowl ever in the history of Super Bowls. Man, that was a drag. It's the 25th anniversary of DCA, by the way. And that's hopefully one of the things we'll be able to discover. And that is one of the things that they have brought here for this celebration is new costumes for Mickey and Minnie. And there they are right there. I hadn't seen. This is the first characters that I've seen since I got here. There haven't been any. So, finally, they have shown up. Hopefully, we get to see a little bit more of that. Uh there's not a lot actually for the 25th. Uh there's some there was a map. I think those are gone already. There are popcorn buckets which may or may not still be available. We're going to talk about that again in a minute. And take care. I think that's it. But, I mean, look at this. There has not been any letup at all since I've arrived. I've taken some B-roll, walked up and down the streets for a little while. I've walked through Hollywood uh land a little bit and it is just busy, busy, busy as can be right now. And I expect this will continue. Hi guys, how are you? Hi. Uh I expect this will continue throughout the day in the cues that we find etc. Uh tickets are available though today. You can buy a ticket, a single day ticket. It's wide open for the month of February. Not so much for My gosh, look at that. Not so much for Magic Keys. They are sold out today. The Magic Keys are looking pretty brutal. We'll talk about that a little bit more next week, I think. But, uh, our our Hi. Thank you. Uh, that's going to be continuing the theme of, you know, what's happening. making room for all these single day and discounted ticket guests by keeping Magic Keys out of the park in February. A month where normally Magic Keys don't have any difficulty getting reservations, but we are this weekend or this year, especially if you're trying to get a weekend ticket. With that in mind, let's get into Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood Land. Hopefully I don't become a broken record today. And that becomes the theme of this show, which I try to avoid as much as possible. Even though I am absolutely definitely obsessed with crowds and cues and things of that nature. I know I don't want to make that 100% of my my show. I do my best not to focus on too much, but that may be what's going to happen today. I may be a broken record. Look at how busy everything is. Hi guys. Hi. With that, I want to thank you guys for joining us on this state of DCA report. For those of you new to the show or new to this format, we're going to walk the entire park today. We're going to go to every land and every attraction. And we're going to give you a a feeling of what it's like to be in California Adventure today. We're going to do that through walking the streets, going to every attraction, taking a look at the cues, doing a little park science. We're going to let you know if we think that's a a go or a no-go type situation. maybe give you some tips on how to read a given queue, observations we might make along the way, news is coming up, like the 25th anniversary or the Super Bowl or how absolutely packed it is here. I can't even walk down Hollywood Boulevard. When is the last time I've not been able to walk down Hollywood Boulevard? It's like Main Street up in here. Thank you guys. This is our state of DC report. Let's get to the back lot. Thank goodness the clouds have at least clocked in a little bit. As I mentioned, it is super warm out. I had to take off my layer. I'm just in a t-shirt. I was not prepared. It was supposed to be low 70s today, maybe high 60s. Instead, we're getting 77° here in Southern California on this February. It's going to get it's going to be March soon and we're still going to have these hot temperatures. It's so annoying. And I I have to say this might be the busiest that I've seen. The backlot broken records already starting. I swear I apologize in advance, but this literally is the busiest that I've seen the backlot in a year maybe. And I know just looking through the lens, it doesn't look like a lot, right? You're not I mean that's not a big deal. It's not so many, but it is for the back lot. It is for this part of DCA. This part of DCA is not supposed to be this busy cuz all they have basically is Mike and Sully to the rescue and beer. So, well, beer's popular though. I'll give you that. Beer is quite popular. It looks like they have closed Monsters, Inc., Yep, they're closed. I was here earlier, though, and I saw a 45minute post wait time. I hadn't uh I wasn't able to look at the queue, but it was 45 minutes when I uh did a driveby not long ago. So, uh that would that would have been a continuation of that. Oh, but there's people still in the queue. How are you choosing Don't mean to judge, but how are you choosing to stay in the Monsters Inc. queue? Except for these guys. They're they're making the right call. Good job, guys. >> But there's still I don't know how far back that queue goes. I can't see that far. But there's a bunch of people. I guess they're near the front. I guess you're pot committed at that point. If you if you've already spent 40 minutes to get to there, I guess you wait. I guess so. That makes sense. Just look at that though, man. Hollywood backlight. When have you ever I don't know. That's pretty easy. Hollywood Studios. One and done. We're out of here. Let's go to our next stop, Mission Breakout. Keith and I on the gantry lifts while I make make our way in. Uh Mission Breakout is going through a uh a reverb. The attractor is still open, so it doesn't show up in the reverb counter, but it is going through a reverb where most occasions when you come through here, at least one of the elevators will be down. So, I haven't seen since we started here rolling, I haven't seen any of them open yet. So, I don't know which are up, which are down. Still a zero. Let's see if I can get that for you. There you go. Let's watch together. Huh. I don't like that angle. Oh my gosh. Very excited. >> Okay, there we go. Still nothing. >> It's been a minute. >> I'm going to show you the queue here. It doesn't look very good. >> Hey, look. Pull the channel. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Have a good one. >> Still nothing. What do you think? >> Thank you very much. Thank you. Uh, yeah, the back of the queue looks really, really nasty back there. Oh, there it goes. Bravo just went. Nope. Oh, sorry about that. Get you back in front. So, Bravo's open. start. We're now at 120. Normally the whole thing cycles in about two and a half, three minutes. Oh, there goes Alpha. Alpha's gone. Okay, we got two going. That's a good look for the people who are in the queue right now. At least you have that. That's pretty much the norm uh right now. That's pretty much the norm. It's going to be two out of three. So if we see Bravo open before Charlie, Charlie being the one on the far right obviously, uh then we know that they have just the two open. If Charlie opens, if Charlie opens before Bravo, then we've got all three obviously. >> 2 minutes 15 seconds. We should be getting close. Uh >> oh, music's going down. Why is the music going down? >> Oh, because five and dime are coming out. 247. >> We got Bennett on the bass, baby on the T-Bone is on the guitar. My name is >> Well, we're at 3:30 now. So, I don't think that's We would have by now had Charlie, which tells me that we're going to get back to Bravo next. So, we are down one gantry lift. They're they're updating the the actual mechanics of the elevator as I understand it. Uh as opposed to like, you know, anything that might be guest facing. And that results to two lifts or two lifts, one lift down, two lifts open. That results in a 55minute post wait time, which uh is Hey, look, Black Widow and Hawkeye are here. >> Oh my god. >> Oh, I haven't seen them around in a long time. Especially Hawkeye. He is never here. I guess Black Widow. Yes. Let me go show you that nasty looking queue I was talking about before. They look very posted. And the length of it isn't so much the problem. It's about how still they look. They all look kind of put out. That's not the That's not the energy or or the personality of a queue you you want to get into. They do look quite a bit put out like they've been standing. I don't see a lot of movement. I mean, this is starting to move right here a little bit, but there's not there's no action inside the queue. No action at all in there. I don't know about you personally. I don't like waiting in queues where I'm just kind of standing. This is why I'm very selective, which is why I do rides like I like the small rides, you know? It's why I like rides like Casey Jr. and Mr. Toads because that doesn't happen. Uh, and I don't often get into cues like this, Mission Breakout, because I just it just I I want to keep moving. I'll ride Pirates all day. Yeah, that's why I I choose the rides I do or or I don't go on any because darn it, I just, you know, I don't want to I don't I don't like feeling posted like that. I like to keep moving. Love that Iron Man meet and greet. One of these days I'm going to actually do it. I'm not very good at meet and greets, so I'm always hesitant, but he looks like he would be awesome. He looks like that would be an awesome meet and greet, I have to say. All right, it is uh as I mentioned, we're getting late today uh on our start today. It's 2:00, 1:59 right now, actually. Uh much later than we normally start, as mentioned. Um, I was I was joking obviously. Yeah, we got to a late start, so I don't know what the what the cues are going to look like, you know, relative to what how they normally look. But we'll check out Pimp's Test Kitchen. Kind of busy for 2:00 in the afternoon. This is off peak. This is not the time when there normally are very many people in the queue. No new food here right now. Uh just the not so little chicken sandwich and the humongous taco salad which they've had here before. The neutron nachos which we've seen before. They're not very good. Uh they and then the pepper particle pasta also. That was pretty good. That was okay. Oh, there's the spicy pork belly grilled cheese. I did I forgot about that one. I was kind of okay with that. I think I I think I I think I might have given it a four, but now that I think about it, I don't remember liking it as much after the fact. Well, I can see that the rest of Avengers Campus is feeling it, too. It's It's pretty lively in here. What is it, do you guys think? Because, uh, as I mentioned, there's still tickets available, and it is the same exact price. As a matter of fact, I was having that observation and there was a lot of um sort of uh speculation as to why it was so dead last Monday and people were throwing out a lot of you know examples. One of them being the prices. It's the same exact price today. Same exact price today and it's very very busy. So it's not that it's not the prices. People want to call this people want to say it's people are priced out. There's some other factor here. there's some other factor that is causing people to arrive on one day but not the other. It's the same day a week too. Same it's a Monday. It's super super busy. I know that some people threw out the measel situation. Uh there was a you know like one reporting. I'm not sure if that's it or not because they were here the next day. They were they were here the next day. So I don't know if that's it either. It's the the it's so volatile. so interesting that it's hard, it's almost impossible to put a finger on what it could be. We've arrived here at Web Slingers where we've got a posted 35minute wait time and I have a feeling it's not going to last that long because people are flowing in here. This is the discount right now. 35 minutes for websers on a day like today is the discount. So, I think people are going to be flowing into this queue and it's going to build up. I haven't I haven't been able to see behind the the blue uh bullpen, but it does look like they're coming out of there. Yes. But just look how posted everybody is again. Just like the mission breakout. You guys ready? That's fine. Uh just like the mission breakout queue. A lot of standing and leaning. Standing and leaning. Something you don't want to see in a queue. Uh lightning lane is not too bad either. It's just a kind of a nominal situation. So it's just it's just busy. This is just guests in the park right now. Since we have been covering this queue, it has grown quite a bit. Maybe 40 or 50 extra guests in the back of the queue than there were when we started covering this. So, they're they've been flowing in pretty regularly. Uh when I came through a minute ago, this whole lane was full of people. They're all in the queue now, of course, but uh yeah, it's it is definitely this is the this is the discount right now. It's not going to stay. This is not 35. It'll probably wind up being 45 for those guests and they're going to have to update that soon. I feel like taking a quick walk through web suppliers real quick. Last time we came through here, I was shocked at the discounts they were offering for the web the what do you call it? The web tech or whatever. >> That's that thing. So that's >> it's actually that's all that's left. That's all that's left is right here. These things may be going away cuz now they got all spiderbots. It wasn't that long ago. The entire This entire display was all web tech. Now all they have is just the one thing. The rest are spiderbots. Uh they're trying to sell it here as well. Although Oh, that's a I don't know what's the difference. I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing. I've never used one. I have no idea. But I'm glad to see that that's over. I'm glad to see that the web shooter thing is over because I I really did not like the idea of having to pay extra to win a ride to win a ride and you get nothing. You get nothing for it. There's no I mean there's a leaderboard, but I mean I guess that's the same thing as a video game leaderboard. You don't get anything for that either. Well, the pros do but I don't know. It just it just seemed really a really crass idea on Disney's part to try to, you know, to try to merchandise to try to monetize a ride out even beyond Lightning Lane. Not I didn't I didn't enjoy it. I do enjoy Spider-Man, though. He's awesome. >> I've heard, by the way, that it's madness over at Disneyland today because of the Super Bowl uh parade. Hi guys. Uh there's they're doing these uh Seahawks are on Main Street probably right about now actually as I think about it. Would have been about this time of day. Uh but Disney's pretty I've been to one of those. I I did the uh I did the Rams year I think it was kind of it's kind of overrated if you ask me. But then again I mean I'm not the biggest sport. I used to be a huge sports fan but not so much anymore. So maybe I just couldn't really appreciate it. But oh my gosh. Broken record. Look. Wow, >> look at all the people. >> This literally is the busiest I've seen DCA in quite some time. I mean, outside of those high peak times for uh food and wine or for lunar year, that kind of thing, which which it does get this way, but it's not at this time of day. It's not in the early part of the day, in the later evening perhaps, but not in the middle of the day like this. Cars Land is next and Maiders Junk Air Jamboree where it looks like we've got a posted 25 minute wait time. That's pretty healthy for Maiders if I do say so myself. That's a good size queue. A lot of guests back there. It's pretty full. They're using almost all of it. It's coming almost outside the threshold there, which is pretty rare. Uh but uh yeah, man. That's a big day. That's a busy day for M Junkyard Jim. Don't worry, as long as they're running both sides, it's still always a go situation, even on a busy day. Uh the only time you ever want to worry about this is if they're only running one side. That cut that cuts the weight time or I should say it doubles the weight time in those cases. And let me tell you what, there are no discounts here on on Route 66 in Cars Land. More the same. Super busy here on Route 66. Just jam-packed full of guests. Incredible how fast things can change around these here parks. That's the queue to meet Lightning McQueen right there. It's going back through the other side of the uh land or the other side of that space where the Here it is. Here it is sign is very congested through here as well. >> Let's see how things look inside of the Cozy Cones. I have a feeling I'm going to have a hard time getting through here as well. There's a huge queue here. Oh my gosh, look at that. >> Okay, lots of people just kind of sitting around waiting for their mobile orders to queue, waiting for them. Oh my gosh. Okay, it's getting a little more hairy in here. >> Thank you. Thank you. Uh it looks like most of the queue that I'm seeing is mobile order pickup. So, you might have a better chance going standby, jumping in one of these cues. This doesn't take very long. Even though it looks bad, it looks busy. That usually doesn't take very long. And then and then try to slide into one of those standby pickups because most of the people that I'm seeing in cues are mobile order. And then always it's the case that pope is empty. Every single time pope is empty. Let's cross the street. Head over to Flo's V8 Cafe, which I can already see has got a healthy looking standby queue there. My goodness, that is not that's the kind of queue you're afraid of when you come to Floss. And it's 2:30 again, not even prime time. There's probably 40 or 50 guests in that queue. And there's guests also waiting here for uh to pick up their mobile orders. So, there's action happening here all over the place. Now, I was curious to see what, you know, what's moving here because we have they they changed the menu here big time. I don't know if you guys saw our uh food review that we did. We did the uh what they call the Big Dipper. We did that sandwich and uh it was only Okay. And it's I I I don't think people are into it cuz I I walked through and I was kind of like observing what people were eating and everything and I saw mostly just the plain cheeseburger. There was eight I found like eight people eating just a regular cheeseburger. just two of the Big Dipper. Uh like three or four of the chicken strips maybe. Uh one only one, but I saw one person eating the chicken and waffle sandwich, which I'm surprised because that's kind of a fun interesting thing that you can be getting here. Uh and then what was more interesting is that there were more people here eating Lunar New Year food than we're eating the new menu, the Big Dipper or the Chicken and Waffle. more people eating Lunar New Year food than the new Floss V8 Cafe. I would not have expected that. I would have thought that uh more people have been eating that new food, but I guess it goes to show you that the crowd that we're getting in here isn't a locals crowd. This is definitely uh a a visiting crowd because it's the visitors who who tend to eat the more, you know, safer, I guess, you know, comfort food type situation. They maybe they're not feeling like experimenting too much perhaps. I don't know. Uh but yeah, there you go. That's Lowe's VA cafe. Let's cross the street. Let's go to uh Luigi's >> Hey everybody. >> And we're getting into what is posted as a 35minute queue here at Luigi's Brolican Roers. Not a good sign. Not a good sign at all. Also not a good sign is being able to see guests posted from outside in the windows. That's not a good look. Nor is seeing guests here. Definitely don't want to see. Really, what I like to see is guests on that door on the other side of this path. We're not even going to be able to get back there to see that. But seeing guests outside that threshold, not a good look. 35 minutes. It's posted right now. And it looks like they're pretty they are pretty posted. Not a lot of discount. That's what I was saying before. That's why people were getting in. We stingers cute. If you had to choose between Luigi's or webser for 35 minutes, which would you pick? I mean, well, I probably pick Luigi's. Uh, but I would Well, actually, what I would do is to uh Mers says 40 now. It's 40 now. My goodness. 40. Can you imagine 40 minutes for Luigi's rollicking roasters? And that's without the big beach balls. You guys remember those? All right. I I can't imagine. I'm looking for something over 90 minutes, I'm guessing, for our next stop, Raider Springs Racers. What? Absolutely shocked to see a 60-minute standby wait time. That's so so much lower than I would have expected. I have to go investigate. I want to put eyes on the back of the queue. on our way through uh we will observe that that single rider is pretty uh impacted right now. That's looking like a 30 or 35 minute queue from this side. That's where we are now. Uh there was a lot of Lightning Lane guests entering the queue when I first got here. So I have a feeling that 60-minute wait time is not going to last depending on where we find the back of this queue. But that's single rider right here. >> Oh, I got uh Oh yeah. No, this is bad. Yeah, he's right. He found the back of the cube. We're not even at the fountain yet. There's no way on this green earth that that's a 60-minute queue. There's no way. It is very rare that you get a cute a wait time that's less than the post. The post time is always low. Actually, they always post it low, which again, this goes towards that that conversation that we have often about how Disney likes to inflate weight times in order to sell Lightning Lane. I don't that's no because that's not this is the ride you want to sell it the most because you're selling you're selling it for 20 what is it 20 bucks to every single guest one time one one ride $20 that's the one you want to make it look like it's impossible that's the ride you want to make it impossible for people to to think standby is a good idea but it says 60 minutes it's probably closer to at least 90 maybe 120 uh I'm just kind of stunned. >> And it still says 60. >> A 60-minute queue with any kind of lightning lane, which there was a 60-minute queue that that queue would have been well inside the fountain. Wow, look at that. I decided to come back here and look at from this angle again. The back of standby has now come around the corner. Is that right? Has it come around the corner? Oh no. Oh no. It's getting worse by the minute. Yeah, they're now under the second bridge. Well, the first bridge as you go in. Wow. And single rider is not getting any better either. That's backing up. I never got to see what uh what the Lightning Lane Q looked like, but at this point, it doesn't really matter. >> I waited around there for a minute just to see how things changed to see if they would update things. Uh the the single rider queue actually got longer while I stood there. Uh but standby kind of stayed where it was. They did update it to 65 minutes, but I don't think that's enough. And there's just no way. There's just no way they can get all those guests through there in 65 minutes. They were calling, by the way, cast were saying over the speakers, hey, by the way, you know, uh, standby 60 65 minutes. Hope you guys are aware. You can try single rider. It'll be quicker. But he said that was 45 minutes. They're calling that queue 45 minutes, which is pretty accurate. When you can see the back of the queue like that, you know it's going to be at least for 354 minutes. Still have not seen more than maybe one or two of those popcorn buckets. We mentioned that at the opening of the show. The 25th anniversary for DC is happening right now. I have not seen really any signs of that other than seeing Mickey and Minnie in their new costumes, which I don't even know how long that's going to be, but I've been I've been watching and I don't I don't see really I they may have sold out of those popcorn buckets already. We were here on Friday and my goodness, that scene was you were waiting an hour for to pick up a mobile order. You had to wait an hour. Uh if you were in standby, it was looking like maybe 90 minutes over there at Hi guys. Uh at Grizzly Peak and people were just happy to do it. Oh, there's one. No, that's not one. Never mind. I thought that was one. Uh they were just absolutely thrilled to do it. People were just all over the place showing off their popcorn buckets. I mean, that's pretty cool. And I think it lights up and it's 50 bucks, though. There's Baymax and Ho. Uh, so I'm Yeah, I'm walking around right now. I'm like, do I see any of this? Oh my gosh, look at how empty it is. Uh, it is though. We took a brief break. It is 3:19. Not exactly the time to be getting in the Cosina queue. Uh, but that's a really light cue for casino. But just when I think that the popcorn bucket craze is over, like people have run out of their desire to get those popcorn buckets, do I see a scene like I saw on Friday at Grizzly Peak. I was not expecting them to be that popular on that day. Incredible. Which again, I think is a commentary on whether or not Price is How's it going? Hey, uh whether or not price is the issue with guests, I mean, for some it is, I'm sure, but there are still plenty of guests out there who are happy to, you know, pay the 150 bucks or whatever it is to get into the park, happy to pay $50 for a popcorn bucket. There are people with that kind of discretionary income still more than ready to come to Disneyland. I there's some other factor. I mean, I just if if it were if it were just strictly the the economy and people's willingness to to spend money, then those popcorn buckkins should not have been selling out. Not at all. Pretty much no waiting here at Lucky Fortune Cookery. Just a couple standby guests, couple mobile order guests across the way and Cat Cafe. Oh, no. That's a whole different story. My goodness. That's a very full queue back here. Not quite at the door, but I mean, normally you see five or six guests here, so that's pretty busy. Go figure. I go figure. There's just no explaining it. Some days it's just the script flips. There's more waiting at Cafe today than there is at Cosina. I would have given you a 100 tries to guess that. I I I wouldn't think you'd got that. That's incredible. We got a table right there. There's a table. There's a half a table over there, but no popcorn buckets that I can see. They may have sold out. You would think I would see at least one. Hi guys. You would think I'd see at least one bucket out here, right? Somebody's got to have one. Guess not. You know, a theory that I that I roll around from time to time is that when when you when you try to sit there and try to apply logic or try to discern a pattern out of that to to make sense of what's happening and it it it defies all that. It makes me think that this could be the case. >> Hey, how's it going? >> Well, I have to say I was not expecting to meet a former Imagineer while walking around the park that I hear at DC. That was Jim Schaw. You may or may not. He has a YouTube channel. He makes former imaginary makes videos. He's on X a lot. Um but that was Jim Schul. How about that? So, uh nice nice to meet you, Jim. And so, what I was saying, um I I think that Disney is perhaps trying to be too precise. They're using all the, you know, the calendar and and the the varying ticket prices. And but then again, I well, I say that assuming that that that they that this isn't what they want, which is a question that I ask often, especially on a slow day. Is this is this how they is this what they wanted or do they want consist consistency? I guess that's the real question is what what is their goal? Maybe this is the you know, maybe they're getting exactly what they want. I don't know. But if it were me, I would just I just feel like they're trying to be too precise. I'm trying to be too surgical with it. And uh if they just let >> let it just fly, get rid of the reservation system, let it just fly and see what happens. And you know, and people talk about, well, then what? It might get overcrowded. I mean, you could still limit the sales. You could still limit attendance, right? You could just say no more people in. Now, I know that that brings up the the whole idea of, you know, the the family from Colorado not getting, you know, showing up to the park and not being able to get in. That didn't happen. The only I I've been coming to the park now, you'll have to trust me on this, you guys. You'll have to trust me on this. I've been coming to the park at least once a week. Every single week. At least once a week for 13 straight years. many many weeks along the way has it been two or three times a week. So when I tell you that I saw that happen one time, maybe two if I recall, but it was actually quickly remedied. One time have I ever been or did I ever go to Disneyland and observe where they were keeping guests out of the park. One time in 13 years. And I will say also that day that it happened, let me fix my frame. that day that it happened, they opened it up an hour later. They just needed x number of people to leave the park before they let anybody else in. They didn't close it off and send everybody home. Uh now, I will say that one time I have seen since the reservation system became a thing, I have seen countless countless people being turned away at the park uh because they don't have a reservation and tickets are sold out. It's happened way way way more often with the reservation system without the reason is people don't understand it. They don't even know that there is such a thing. Now you could put that on the guest but that just gives more credence to the idea that this is it's too much. It's too much for guests to process some of them anyway. Like it shouldn't be that complicated. You shouldn't have to go and look at a calendar to find out if you should be allowed to go to Disneyland. You should just be able to go to Disneyland. But it happens all the time. They have to put a sign out up there in the espanod. No tickets available today. Imagine that like that. I mean that because I would say probably I've seen it I've seen it just just getting at the parking structure uh at the Mickey parking structure. I've seen days where I cars are turning around. Cars are turning around and leaving because they're being told there's no reservations. Uh and they've come who knows how far they've come. Who knows you know how much time they spent getting here. So, I don't believe that the reservation system is in order to control crowds in that sense or to control uh ticket sales. They can do that with or without the reservation system. Reservations. You know what? I've already gotten too far into what I think about the reservation. All I'm saying is get back in frame. I think they're messing around too much. I think they're trying to be too tricky and too precise and they need to just let it go. They need to let nature take its course. Let nature take its course. And with that, obviously, we have arrived at our normal spot to look at the tipboard. Let's see how the rest of the park looks like now at 3:41 in the afternoon. Boy, I cannot believe I'm here. Usually, I'm done by now. We're still here looking at the tipboard. Okay, Golden Zephr is a walk-on right now. I can hear them. They're They're at it. Goofy Sky School is 40 minutes with a return time in uh about 2 hours. That's pretty standard. Oh my god. >> Oh my god. That's 125 minutes, you guys. 125. I don't even know what to call that. I have no idea what that means, how they got there. They must have lost an elevator. That's the only thing I could think of. They must have lost an elevator. You know, actually, when I was talking to Jim, he said that he was he went to Saur and it was 40 minutes and then all of a sudden it turned into an hour or no uh 100 minutes. And I said, "Well, they must have lost a theater." And he said, "No, they were running both sides." I don't know, man. I I have a hard time believing that, but that's incredible. Incredic coaster. Speaking of Incredibles, 50 minutes and no fast passes or lightning link. 50 minutes, no lightning link. That's got to be a mess down there. I cannot wait to go walk by there. It was nasty when we were here on Friday. Inside Out 15, Jesse's carousel 5. Jumping five. These are all walk-ons. A small attraction walks. Little Mermaid 30 minutes walk. Yeah, it looks busy back there. 30 minutes. Luigi's is at 30. Mater is 20. Standard standard monsters is an hour. It is busy here today. Return time in over an hour. My goodness. Raider spring. Okay, see they got that right. It's up to 80 now. I was like, there's no way that thing is 60 or 65. I mean 80 still feels light. 80 still feels like a discount compared to what I saw. And they're selling it for $18 and there's no way, you know, $18 is kind of a kind of a discount. Well, it is at least compared to let's say G or uh Rise of the Resistance, which is usually in the mid20s. And then let's see. Uh Silly Symphony 5. There we go. Saurin is at 65 now. I would bet that's two theaters. Return time in just under an 2 hours. Midway Mania 55. Pretty standard return time in 3 hours. People are not buying Lightning Lane today. Webslingers 50 return time 2 hours. That seems kind of high. Uh, and it was we it was too low, I thought, when we were there. And there you go. That's it. Take care. Busy day here at DCA, especially for the E tickets for the, you know, the the blue chip rides. The the smaller rides are all pretty getable, which actually kind of shines a light on the fact that there aren't enough of those. We need more of those. I think uh here in the park, we need more. And I hope they answer that with Disneyland forward. I don't know why I'm getting on that topic right now, but hopefully 10 years from now, uh, they'll they'll have some, you know, affordable attractions that people can get on when it's busy like this because you don't have a choice. You have to get in one of one or two of those cues today. It's kind of nice out right now. This is just about perfect. What is the current situation? And it is 75. Thank goodness it's overcast. >> It's quite lovely out. >> A whole row of guests enjoying uh Well, I'm guessing probably something from Adorable Snowman. I keep talking about how one of these days, guys, I if you watch the show a lot, call me out, man. Tell me I got to I got to I got to answer the call. I got to answer the call. There you go. There's two more. Three more. Four. Five. 6. 7. 8. I see. Oh, I heard uh ride ops. That's not good. That's not good at all. >> There are guests in that Incredic Coaster vehicle right now. Oh my god. Wait till we show you guys what's going on there. But there's guests in that Incredic Coaster vehicle and then they've got an empty one behind it. What's going on? That's never a sound you want to hear when you're uh waiting an hour for a ride is ride ops getting on the speaker. Oh, there we go. >> 3 2 1. >> That's good. Good for them. But they are still sending an empty fascinating. Holy, holy explanative. There's the back of Incredic Coasters. Single rider queue. When you see single rider out here at the Cocoa Billboard, that is insanity. Oh my. I'm in the queue. Not the single rider queue. I think I'm in Am I in Lightning Lane or or standby? Whatever it is, that's nasty. >> I think that's standby. >> I was trying to get a picture of it. He kept moving back. The the queue was just growing and growing. I'm just on the backside. I cannot believe I I've never I've seen shots on uh social when it gets bad that how the queue can run down down the pier that way towards uh you know towards San Francisco. I've seen pictures of that queue, but I've never been present. That's the longest I've This is the deepest I've ever seen. The queue ends here, guy. Uh, in my, you know, when I've been in the park, that is just incredible. So, I guess we're going to have to go see. He was saying, he's telling people it's going to be about an hour. I wish I could say if that's true or not. I have no frame of reference. I know that you can get done if you're out here in these switchbacks, this extended queue out here, you can get that done in like 45 minutes or less. I've done it in 45 minutes or less. And there's really to when you when you think about it, it's really not that much extra. This it's maybe, you know, two or three switchbacks, which is like 10 minutes. So maybe he's right. Maybe that is 60 minutes. >> Wow. And they've got there's nowhere else to put those guests. They've actually, you know, they're using every bit of possible queue and then some. So, they've got three switch backs there on the uh on the boardwalk there and then one more switch back out here in Wildspace. But Lightning Lane. Okay. So, that's why it's only an hour when we were you guys remember when they had the discounted ticket uh two springs ago and there was just an absolute mayhem, total chaos out here in front of uh in front of the Incredic Coaster where there was this situation there, but you couldn't even walk right here. This was just full of guests everywhere because Hi guys, how are you? Uh because uh Lightning Lane was also impacted. Lightning Lane was also backed up bad. It was coming out here. Lightning was come out here and they were curling around towards Toy Story. So that could be why they're not getting the same impact from Lightning Lane. So it it's making it more possible for that 60 minutes to be correct. There's our friends. We got some selfies with those guys, I guess. Uh, so yeah, that's it. Actually doesn't look or isn't as bad as it looks. Assuming >> Lightning Lane doesn't become a bigger problem, but I can tell you that that looks pretty deep back here. >> It hardly ever is the case, though. For some reason, you know, I used to come back here all the time to check in this. I just stopped doing it cuz it was mostly empty. But that's a lot of guests right there. Oh boy. This is uh this is really really So, how are they moving? Are they moving at all? I mean, I don't see a lot of movement there. I see guests more more or less happy to be there, though. They seem, you know, ready to go now. Yeah. So, it's not the worst queue I've ever seen, but it's top five. Top five, I think, for Incred Coaster. It's no discount. It's no bargain. You're going to be waiting in there for a little while. A lot of that could be due to the fact that there's, you know, a lot of demand for credit coaster right now. As I mentioned, when we're here on Friday, it was I mean, at 10:00 a.m. it was a 90-minute wait. You never see it's at 10:00 a.m. it should be 20 or 30 minutes tops. But at 10:00 a.m. it was 90 minutes, but that's because it was the first day that since it had, you know, for a month hadn't been open for a month. Uh, so I Still though, man, just be prepared. Set the expectation. Get your mind right. Get your mind right about what you think is going to happen. And that changes everything. The the closer you get to acceptance, the the more happy and blissful your your your days are, your life is. And I I mean, not just being at Disneyland. It works 24/7. 7 days a week, man. I said 24/7. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. I love I love having that sense of acceptance. There she goes. Right there. Meanwhile, and this is going to be kind of shocking, 45 minutes for Toy Story Midway Mania. Uh, it's going to be pushing the edge of that 45 minutes, though, because look at all of this queue out here is full. That's all full. Lightning isn't too bad there. You know, there's only maybe 10 guests there or so. So, hopefully if it stays like that, you got a pretty good chance of making that 45 minutes. But that's a pretty impacted queue. Uh, I'm just shocked that this is just 45 minutes while Incred Coaster is an hour. Still more action here on Pixar Pier. Wow. Now I'm arriving at Bing Bongs and I've just suddenly realized I have not partaken of anything, you guys. I've not partaken today. I don't think I want to get another memory refresher, but and I don't want beer today. What am I going to I I'm running out of time. Am I going to partake? Uh, 30 minutes for a swinging gondola and 30 minutes for a nonswinging gondola. I would say good luck to you on both accounts. I mean, that might be 30. It's pushing it. That's pushing 30. I waited recently. It was 20 minutes and I got around the corner a little bit. That was 20 back there. So, you got to figure that's at least 10 more minutes back that direction. Um, and this again, it's not the worst queue I've seen, but it's pretty busy here. That's a solid 30-minute wait, man. Wow. So surprised. >> Emotional whirlwind 15 minutes standard. Uh, get in this queue. If you want to ride emotional whirlwind, just get in that queue. Same is true for Silly Symphony. Although today it is closed, chains up. So, but yeah, that's still another one of those automatic walk on automatic goes, I should say. Paradise Garden. You know, it's actually getting about time for early dinner. Do you think it'll be I can smell I can smell the pasta now as we speak. Yeah, man. That red sauce is cooking. There's no plates, though. I actually prefer that though. I would rather it be fresh than a pre-made plate out there for me, which is what you get for pizza and a stack of bread sticks over there. Cheesy bread sticks. Uh they're doing Korean pork belly for Lunar New Year, >> which sounds actually quite yummy. There it is. I'm still really tore up that they took the uh my salad, the the anap pasta salad here. I don't know why they feel the need to do things like that. I don't know why they feel the need to take obviously really good, you know, that that that was here for years. For as long as I've been coming to Disneyland, that pasta salad, the Annie pasta salad was available here and it's gone. You know, they took they took the uh I think I mentioned this last time. They took the uh um the the the pesto the pesto ravioli. They took the they took the Mediterranean menu here. Can we get it back at least just for a couple months? Can we get one try at it? They they've been leaning more towards Mexican, which I love. I love Mexican, but we've already got, you know, we got Cosina for that already. Can we get the Mediterranean back here at Paradise Garden Grill? Who do I have to talk to? Josh. Josh, you're my guy. Josh, can we get Mediterranean back at Paradise Garden Grill? I would ask Thomas, but I don't I don't know if he's watching our show yet. >> Wow. And look at the queue to meet Mickey and Minnie over there in their Lunar New Year costumes. Good show, that good good show. That's probably 30. How's it going? That's probably 30 or 40 minutes. Lunar is awesome. Did you guys watch our Lunar New Year video? >> If you didn't, you should. We had so much fun. I got very, very toasted. I got a little toasty. That's more drinking than I've ever done at a food and wine type festival. And that's coming up, by the way. Actually, there's a new food and wine festival coming up in March. Stay tuned. Goofy Sky School. Looks busy out here. That's a decent queue for Lightning Lane, but it's not nearly as bad as we found two weeks ago. Uh, this was full. That was full. This whole thing was full, and they were out there in the garden. And Lightning Lane was Well, now it's doing it again. Well, no, cuz Yeah. Uh, it was out there into the common area back that way. That's a situation you want to try to avoid. you can. But again, th those situations are often relieved fairly quickly. If as long as it doesn't keep refilling if they if they don't if they clean the queue out in a reasonable amount of time and it doesn't come back, then you've got a shot. pretty darn busy and I still I I I I may have to give up trying to figure out. >> Hi guys. You know, trying to nail it down what is or isn't what what causes it or doesn't cause uh G or Golden Zephers a walk on right now. 5 minutes. You know, like I just I'm not sure. Lunar New Year's doing really well this year. I can say that. Every time I'm here, uh, there are big crowds here for Lunar New Year. That's a good size queue right there to order. Uh, I've seen images from, uh, last weekend at Lunar New Year where this particular longevity noodle, this queue was, well, the Okay, oh my gosh, this queue, look at that. Okay, that's pretty good. But it was even further. It was all the way down like towards that direction. But that's a pretty long line right there. Just that's to pick up. People love Luna. I do. Yeah. The more I think about it, the more I feel like I would I would really encourage, I would really support. And not just because I don't like the reservation system in the sense that for what the reasons why they do it with their motivations, but just because I just feel like I want guests to just be able to show up. It's become so complicated and so anxietyridden. It's the reason why, you know, I have to make the videos that I make to explain Lightning Lane, to explain uh Mobile Order, to explain the reservation system, to explain why you have to rope drop or why you have to close. Hi, guys. >> Uh that I have to, you know, give all these advices on how to do it when you could just let people just show up, man. I just it would be so much better and people would they would they would be happier. >> I would be happier if I could just show up no matter what, >> you know? Certainly, I would be happier. Certainly, uh, there would be there would be less stress and less, you know, ideas of people feeling like they're not getting their money's worth or feeling like it's too much trouble and they just, you know what, screw it. You know, I don't want to be bothered. I don't want to be bothered with reservations and mobile order and all that stuff. I mean, I understand again why they do it, but it just people yearn for a simpler time. And I feel like there is it's coming. It's becoming a thing. It's becoming we're getting closer. I don't know if we're ever going to get there, but I feel like we're getting more and more resistance to all of this technology. Every single thing that is a problem in the parks today. Every single thing that people are like shake their fist at is a result of technology. It's a result of the app, the reservation system, the lightning lane, mobile order, etc., etc. If they removed all of those technological improvements and simplified things, people would be much happier and I feel like a happier guest spends more money. I wonder if this I mean, they've got there's got to be math on that, right? Cuz how could how could that not be obvious? >> How could that not be obvious, right? That's why it just it just baffles me sometimes. I can't even get my head around it. Like, why do they do this? Why why do they make it so complicated and so difficult and so complex? You know what isn't complex is a nice leisurely stroll through Redwood Creek Challenge Trail. You can even say hi to some pets if you like. >> Oh, they took the walls down. Oh, they moved the walls. >> Two weeks ago, there were walls up around this stretch. Two weeks ago, you could not make this trip around. Matter of fact, 3 days ago when I was here on Friday, I could not go this way. Now, they've moved the walls down that way. That was the way you had to go. Now, you can't. Yeah, you have to go around. They didn't seem to do anything. I don't I don't see any sort of visible work. Nothing guest facing. I don't know what they were doing. The waterfall's off though. I don't understand exactly what they might have been doing. >> I I'll go check it. Look at those pink. Very busy in here, too. This is the most people I've seen in Redwood in quite some time. There's actually a queue there for the uh Hoot and Holler logs, the slide. >> Hey, boys. He's over there, boys. Wow. >> Oh, that's not a queue for the halogs. That's a queue for for Dale, which I completely understand. Look at that, you guys. Look it. That's so many people on that bridge right now. Good for you. Redwood Creek. Good for Hey, look. >> There's my friend. Hi, Chip. >> Good to see you today. >> Have fun today. >> Yeah, but the drive it's not worth it, especially with traffic. >> There's nothing more comforting than getting Uh, they're there from Chip on the shoulder. That was great. I feel so good now. My day is complete. Grizzly still closed. I think it's going to reopen uh at the end of March. I think >> they've been building new logs there. You can see there's a one that's uh hang on. That one's still in the mesh mode. They're going to make them one of those look just like that one. There's two more mesh stage logs over there. And I think yeah, there's another one over there as well. This is pretty busy for Grizzly Peak also. This little, you know, this trail heading over to Saur. Usually not this many guests here as well, especially considering that uh Grizzly Riverrun is still not open. I'm going to go see if there's anything happening >> at the geysers. They have not seen any action at the geysers. I've been coming by here every week obviously and I've not seen any kind of work happening on either these geysers, that geyser, or that one there cuz they weren't working for months uh leading up to the closure. They had stopped working well operating. Maybe they did work. I don't know. But they got a long way to go here, it looks like. And it's just now dawning on me that uh we we we've made nearly a complete loop around this track on what two uh the day after the 25th anniversary of this park. And I've seen two costumes and hardly any popcorn buckets. Oh, we're coming up on where you can get them. I have not I've seen just a couple of popcorn buckets and uh I didn't see any food. Uh maybe I wasn't looking, but there's hardly any presents for the 25th. I would I would have hoped I would have thought they'd make a bigger deal about that. 25 years is a long time, man. That's good. They need to celebrate. This is where we saw that scene. And uh No, I don't see any popcorn buckets. They are not available. Oh, they are the the one popcorn and bucket I saw was the Valentine's Day bucket. The Stitch and Angel Heart bucket, >> which is $29. The other one, by the way, was 50. The The 25th anniversary popcorn bucket was $50. So, I guess they are in fact sold out. I was I thought they maybe they would last a little longer. Are they or maybe they're trying to do that thing where they would they would artificial scarcity where they wouldn't have enough available when they first launched and then you know a couple days later you can get them again and there then they all have too many. They did that a lot back in the day for the uh you know for the holiday buckets. But they I think they stopped doing that actually. You remember the uh Figment bucket? That was one where people were lining up throughout the entire park at at Epcot. you could wait the length of Epcot in order to get a Figma bucket and they would sell out. But then uh two weeks later you could they were available still, but they now they were they were they were overstocked. They had too many. >> Let's check in on So not a good look here for Lightning. That's a fair amount of people there. I can't see where's that standby. I mean it looks pretty deep back there. It's going back around the side. 65. Yeah, it's posted 65. We saw it at 60 earlier. Uh that's that's probably 65. Yeah, for sure. And that's that's two screens. They are still running two screens with that. And so I I think we were right at the beginning of the day when when I suggested that we're going to see this this narrative play out throughout the entire day and it sure has. Um you know, we're still trying to figure out why or how, but uh certainly it is very very busy front to back. The only thing the only place you're getting break on those small attractions, those you know the uh the box attractions that the on Pixar Pier, that kind of thing. Otherwise, man, it is just it is really really intense today. But it makes me happy once more. Uh I I much prefer this than just seeing uh guests not show up and not choose Disneyland come to especially with the prices the way they are right now for California guests. I wish it was a little bit more uh available for light or for uh for magic keys, but you know, speaking for myself at least, I'm figuring it out. I do okay, so it's not a big deal. Oh, guys, you hear that? Nice send off from the band, the five and dime. I love to hear that. Thanks for watching everybody. I love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another.
