---
video_id: y2KBrW8X9Aw
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-03-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2KBrW8X9Aw
---
Let me see. Uh, it's kind of damp, but whatever. Anyway, what's up, Jeffrey? How are you always the first one? Like, always. Almost every single time. How's that possible? You have like the the the the best notification setup ever. Well, what the hell's going on here? Oh. Okay, there we go. Now, let's try that again. There we go. Okay. Uh, hang on there, guys. Let me just get caught up. Mute that sucker. Okay, fresh baked is live. Why am I getting an ad? Okay, hang in there, guys. Sorry. This is I don't know why it's doing this to me. Three ads on my own live stream. I shouldn't have to watch ads on my own stuff. Uh, okay. How are we doing? How are we doing? How are we doing, Kenneth Bartley? Missing the NCAA tournament because you're the man. I appreciate that. I have a question though. Um I had no idea it was today. I used to follow the tournament very closely. I would you know participate in the brackettology and all that stuff and I haven't sports college sports are hard to follow right now. I basketball is hard to follow for me right now. I can't watch basketball. Why can't I watch basketball? I can sort of I I can watch football. I get into football a little bit. Baseball even so less so than I baseball used to be my number one sport. I was hardcore baseball. But I I can't I don't know why I can't follow basketball. I think it's the traveling. I just feel like I think it's the traveling. They don't call traveling anymore. And uh so I'm out. Just I'm out. Do they call traveling in the NCAA? It's just not it's just it's it's 150 point games and you know teams are just there's just just a shoot shoot. There's I don't I I like you know I watched an old game. I watched a a Laker game from the uh Kobe era and that was really exciting. Uh the the game was different. Uh it was just different then. Like there was more ball movement, not just a bunch of ISOs. Um maybe I should be watching college then because uh there is more ball movement in college, right? Yeah. Nothing but three-pointers. Oh my god. Like but I get it because that's like the statistically correct thing to do. The math says you should uh you should be uh shooting threes. JB master photo gifted. Wait, what is that? Oh, that's just a Oh, that's Hey, you got highlighted there. Oh, I turned that on in for memberships. That's great. So, David, since you've been paying more attention to your health, I'm curious. How many steps do you take doing a full park around? Full park walk around. Tomorrow when I shoot uh construction tomorrow, I'll probably do something like 15 16,000. Uh on average per day all in I average 10K a day given there's some days I'm completely off but then other days I do you know 15 or 20,000. Uh when I go to Disney World in Epcot I've done 26,000 days. uh easily at Epcot. So yeah, it's it's I mean yeah, if I'm doing a full day and that's just in about six six, seven hours, I think. Um so I could probably do more if I stayed the whole day. Michael Barnes, uh are the fresh dailies supposed to be posted both to here and Patreon or are they trading off? Asking because today seems like it only went to Patreon. Uh yeah, I I I I forgot I put it on P. But yeah, for now at least they're going on both. Uh thank you for reminding me. For now at least they're going on both, but I I am wondering if I don't want to flood the timeline on YouTube. Like there is no timeline, but you know, membership stuff on Patreon. That is the timeline. But I'm not sure if I want to, you know, for the regular viewers, do they want to see a bunch of daily videos on there that they can't watch? I don't know. I have to think about that one. I think I asked that question in tomorrow's video. What's a bricky raid, Nathan? I don't understand what's happening. I don't know things. I don't understand streaming rules and things like that. What pins? I don't actually I don't I don't sell pins. I think I sell some buttons, but the only pins that we have are on our Patreon. What is going on? Bricky owns our pins. Okay, I'm so confused. I don't understand what's happening right now. Oh, do we have somebody that's trying to get a uh a a treat? Space Mountain was open when I was there last night. So I don't I don't I can't Spricky just ended his live so peeps that watch you can come watch you. Okay. He bought all of the pins. I don't know what that means. I swear I don't know what that means. Uh there's Disney fan Chan. Thanks for chatting. Yeah, he's a membership. Welcome to Friends of Fresh Bake. Yeah. Any thoughts on when the spring break crowds will die down? June. Uh I'm expecting June because that's when the three-day ticket stops going stops being sold. And although I should say not and although uh I'm not positive about that because uh what am I saying? Because um the explore ticket the explorer key the the explore key is getting a bunch of June and July reservations. So uh they may they may take up those those spots that were not taken up by the 3-day park hopper. Uh, okay. Uh, thank you to David for the $2 gift. Appreciate you. Get you a like for that. Welcome, Web Slingers or Webs Slinger. Okay, I'm trying to figure out is somebody trying to get a treat? I don't see any chance Disney surprises with a second ride near Coco. Zero chance of that. There's not there's there's barely room for Coco, let alone a second ride. Thank you to Donna Mortonson for the $2 gift. Greetings from Australia. Looking good, David. Thank you very much. I haven't had a soda. In five days, five days. Four days. Four or five days. Uh if you guys have been paying attention to uh or if you're in our memberships or on Patreon, we've been talking I'm on a nine-year plan and I've been detailing that nine-year plan uh on our memberships and in Patreon. And I'm trying to get my health ramped up so I can, you know, when I retire, I'll I'll be in good shape. And so that nine-year plan kicked off with the beginning of the membership program, basically. Uh JLo, get the two bucks. Thank you. Any idea when Jungle Cruise open? We don't have a date yet. Uh no date. Although I I remember thinking it was going to be about 90 days. No, not 90 days. 45 days when it first closed. Um we should be getting close to a date that is. No, not No, maybe it was 90 days. It was 90 days uh from whenever it closed. Uh thank you to Manity Mama for the $50 gift. Very kind of you. A small token of gratitude for the vlogs on Patreon. Thank you. No, no. Uh thank you, Manatee Mama. Thank you. I hope you guys are in uh enjoying those videos. I hope you are. I'm I I was funny. Uh the I I'm in the middle of shooting one for tomorrow. I we we're vlogged some donuts. It was Liz's birthday's coming up. We went to the donut shop. We went to a sushi bar. But I came in here and actually segueed. I was shooting uh a segue from that video and I I turned the video around directly and turned on this live stream. So you guys, for those of you who are watching the the membership and Patreon videos, you're going to see me transition directly from directly from that video that's going to be coming out tomorrow. directly from that video into this live stream. Jeff passing through. That's incredible support. Uh you guys should know that Manatey Mama has been a very kind and generous supporter of this show for years. Uh and I've met her in person I think once, maybe twice. Have I met you twice? And lovely, lovely person. Absolutely love Manatee Mama. Uh, thank you to Eron McCullen for the $5 gift. Hit the like button, he says. Okay, that's good advice. I like that. James, if Coco is coming, is Paradise Gardens at risk? No, James, you got to watch the construction reports. James has just revealed himself as not watching our Monday construction reports. James, every Monday we talk about Coco every single Monday and we tell you where it's going and what's happening. We can see t trees being cleared uh site, you know, land land clearing and all that stuff. It's going backstage behind uh Incredic Coaster and Emotional Whirlwind and that space back there uh behind the the Pixar prominade. Uh, thank you to Aaron M. Oh, no. He already did that one. Okay. My bad. I'm just messing with you, James. I'm happy you're here. That's all I can say. I'm happy you're here. Uh, okay. Um, where was I? Disney fan is enjoying the Patreon videos. Thank you very much. Uh, let's see. Uh, where am I? Uh, that William get the $10. Thank you very much. In your last State of Disney report, I saw a mother and her kids sharing the last seat on Tiana's as they came around the secret path. Since when can you share a seat? Uh, it depends on how tall they are, I think. But I I And if they're in the back seat, were they in the very back seat? It's a bench back there as opposed to a single seat. That probably what you saw. I think. I don't remember that to be honest. Uh, let's see. Uh, OC cheer mom gift of five bucks. Thank you. Any schedule for days? You will be at what park? So, I can look for you at the parks if I'm there at Walt Disney World. I mean, oh, um, I we I haven't even made reservations yet for the for the parks, but we're going to be there Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, but I don't know which parks we'll be in. Uh, thank you to Sean from Phoenix for the $5 gift. Hi, David. Did you see that they are saying that D23 tickets go on sale early April? Thank goodness, man. I've been waiting. I'm very I'm very nervous about uh this this D23 because last year we I didn't get in. If it wasn't for uh Adam uh if it wasn't for Adam, we wouldn't have gone to D23 last year, but he bought tickets for us when he got his. Uh so we're going to have to try and do the same thing. Uh we'll probably have to get together with some of our friends and do a community spam session to see if we can't get those tickets. But uh yeah, looking forward to buying those tickets and looking forward to D23. Thank you to Stu Mrick for the $5 gift. Greetings from Austin. Love your work. I'll be at Disneyland Resort May 3rd through 6. Hope to see you. I'll buy you a drink. Hope to see you as well. Steve Mrick from Austin. Give you a like for that. Hey, let's like Sean's uh post also. Dave, don't you think with the money Disney makes, they would bring back the people mover? It's not about money, Jim. Jim, it's not about money. We've met We've had many conversations about this. I've done entire videos about it. Uh, it's it's not about money. It's just not. And if they could, they probably would, but they can't. So, they won't or they don't. The August King get the $10. Thank you. Do you think it's time for Disney to implement the 20th Century Fox properties into the parks? Night at the Museum, Anastasia, Ice Age. No, I don't like any of that. I mean, I like those movies, but I don't like those in the parks. No, I don't think they're going to do that. They only bought those Fox strictly so that they could uh pad the content on on Disney Plus and Hulu. That's pretty much it. What would be your dream replacement fry or chip at the Disneyland? The crinkle cut fry. The fries that they serve at Smoke Jumpers are the best fries the Disney has ever offered and they're gone. Shannon Murray gets the $2. Thank you. any word on buses from Toy Story after uh March 31st? The only word that we have is that there is going to be a solution that there will be no disruption in service on Mar or on April 1st that everything will continue as normal, but we just don't know who's driving those buses and what buses they'll be, but there will be some kind of transportation on April 1st. OC cheer mommy gift $5. Thank you for the run. got everyone in the family to get on every device we have and waited until someone got in and then pitched. Exactly. So, that's probably what we'll do. We'll get I'll get Liz on the on the, you know, trying uh we'll get Miguel and Janelle and Peter and Kitra uh provos, etc. We'll probably all try at the same time and just make an agreement that uh one person buys all, I guess, which uh you know, you got to trust your friends, but I trust my friends implicitly. Uh Christine, hey from from the uh YouTube membership says says says say says welcome. Hi Christine. Uh I don't know if you guys are aware but we're the the memberships we turn those on on YouTube. It's the same thing as Patreon uh presently. Uh so you can you can join on either or both if you like. Uh but that's what these those green those green uh comments are from those who are part of our membership program. So they get to be highlighted in the chats like that. I don't know what's the difference. I think is it the first cuz some of them are just in they don't get the big green uh background. That's why I thought it was a chat. But then others I see just the name is in green like Disney fan Chan who's looking forward to seeing Princess Leia in the parks finally. I mean I hope they don't I hope it goes well. That's all I can say because Disney fans can be savage. They can really be savage. They can they can uh they can be really mean. And I hope whoever they get is at least passable. They weren't very kind to Luke Skywalker. I'll say that. Okay. Oh, I think you get one chat as a member per month. Well, okay. I'll make sure that it's worth it then. One per month. I wish I was in charge of this. I would do something better than that. I wonder if this will be a huge D23. Uh would it be Josh Tomorrow's first expo CEO? Well, that's the thing is that Iger didn't I think he spoke at the film panel, but he didn't speak at the parks panel. That was Josh. So, are we going to get Mas Loom at the parks panel this year? I wonder. Uh Rick Sanchez gifted two bucks. Best thing you ate at Food and Wine Festival? The mac and cheese, the wings, everything at Peppers Caliente. Basically everything at Peppers Caliente. Trey Keshi. Hey Trey's back. Give the two bucks. Thank you. Dave, you look buzzed, man. During food and wine. I was I wasn't buzzed. Well, I There were points when I was buzzed, but there were also points when I was Guys, that gets so close. I was darn near full-on drunk. Uh I was actually at the end of the video. It was pretty rough. You'll be happy to know that we at the end of these videos at at the end of our shoot at for the food and wine or Lunar New Year, just for those who are wondering, it is our tradition to go get something to eat. I know it's ridiculous, but we'll go and get something to eat at a Downtown Disney restaurant or something like that and I'll drink like three glasses of water and and I totally but that's what happens. It's very hard for me to get drunk in the park. uh because a I have a very fast metabolism, but two because we're eating so much and we're walking so much that uh I usually I I even said in the video I I'll get I'll get all the way there and then I'm by the time I get off Maiders I'm sober again. So anyway, just for those of you curious, Trey, get the two bucks. Thank you. How much better is Maiders after some alcohol? Uh I don't it doesn't matter to me. I I'm the same. Actually, I wasn't even that drunk when I filmed that Maiders. I wasn't even that drunk really. That's just me loving Maiders and doing that bit. I love doing that bit, you guys. I just love doing that bit. Uh, okay. Uh, Trey gets the $5. Thank you, dude. Disneyland was super packed in your last state of Disneyland. Yeah, I was there. That was the busiest day I've seen in maybe six months. It was It was so damn It reminded me of the old days a little bit. Uh, I couldn't believe I could in just a regular Monday. Uh, but that's the three-day park hopper for you. Uh, Victoria has kicked in 50 bucks. Thank you very much, Victoria. What a kind gift. Have you heard I'm going to give you a thumbs up for that, Victoria. Have you heard anything about Rancho Descala serving only grab-and-go food now? What? Wait, is that fact or is that a rumor? I need I need followup on that. Where did you hear that? Do you have a source? because I'm going to be in the park tomorrow shooting construction and I'll go in there and I'll get some B-roll of that if it's true. How was Del Taco this week, guys? It No, it was not. I had I got Del Taco yesterday and I almost puked. I think it's because I've been so more of a health conscious kick that uh I'm rejecting it now a little bit. I think uh Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Is there a pirate cue you ever say no to? No. No. Not at least not since they took uh Lightning Lane off. No. Uh, save the clock tower. SAVE THE CLOCK TOWER. HI, DAVID. Thanks for what you do. I recently took my kids to days and was able to accurately estimate our weight times on the majority of our attractions. Thanks to your toutelage, and I appreciate you saying that and relaying that here. That makes me happy to hear. Thank you. Uh, Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. You and Miguel were great together having a beer. Uh, me and Miguel are great together. He is the coolest dude. We have such a rapport now. We've been we've been buds for a couple years now and I just I just freaking love that man. I don't know. I just absolutely love Miguel. I think he's the chillst dude and for whatever reason he you know he he likes the cut of my jib too. Dunster get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Do you think the upcoming Olympics are contributing to the Disneyland reset? No. I think that's just an attitude change in management. I think that's all that is. I don't think the Olympics are going to affect operations at Disneyland one bit. Uh, okay. Where was I? Uh, there was I think I had asked a question or something or or Rancho. That's confirmed. Manity Mama says Rancho is grabbing go. Why have I not seen this on social or anything like that? How has that not come up on social? That's the worst news I've heard. I don't see it. I Nothing's coming up. Uh, are you excited for Universal FanFest? I'm not going this year, unfortunately. I am going to be I might be coming going back soon to both Knots and Universal, though, but I don't think I'm going to be going to FanFest. Rancho is just making things ahead, but only one or two. Just ask for tacos without onions and they will make it fresh. I see. I don't like that. I don't like that anyway. I cannot believe it. I I I can't even get my head around this. I'm stunned. I'm I'm speechless. Uh Trey gets the two bucks. Casey Jr. best ride in Fantasy Land. Best ride in Disneyland. Trey Keshi, but yes, best ride in Fantasy Land. Uh Trey also gets the two bucks says, "So are they getting rid of the 70 targets at Mania?" Probably. I think I talked about that and maybe I'll bring that up again in this week's construction report. That's Well, I shouldn't say probably. Possibly. It seems likely. It's a little early. It's a few months early, but it's possible. Uh, Charlie, get the $5. Thank you. It was great to meet you. Taking a selfie with you and other vloggers at Adam's recent celebration of life. I'm now Charlie Fresh Bake. We met a lot of uh fans of obviously Adam's and ours as well on that day and it was nice to have been able to meet so many of you. Uh, I took a bunch of selfies and we had a it was a really cool day. It was a really really cool day. Uh, Erin Mclla, gift of $5. Thank you. Just got back from Orlando. Two weeks stay. Did Disney and Universal Did Disney and Universal eight park days? That is a hell of a trip. You got eight park days in in two weeks. Oh, that's You got a few days off in there. Yeah, that's pretty good. Uh, Trey, get the two bucks. Thank you, man. That single rider was crazy. Any credit coaster? I've been saying I've been saying and I hope people pick that up. I don't know. I'm going to have to do is Liz and I we're doing a we're doing another hotel stay and we might do the race. We might officially do the race uh on that day. Um but that was just a third observing type situation. I want to live it. I want to do it for real and see what happens. But I've been saying single rider incred coaster is no big deal. Especially uh uh when that queue gets super long. When that queue gets super long. Oh my gosh. Rancho del Zakalo isn't showing up on on mobile order. Well, it hasn't. They they only ran mobile order on Rancho for a short while and they realized that it's not Rancho is not built for mobile order. It's not in the same way Plaza in is not built for mobile order. So, uh yeah, that it's been off mobile for quite a while now. John, is there any way to do the Lightning Lane stuff without signing up or using a phone? Abs. No. Uh, Lightning Lane is pure digital. No, there's absolutely no way to do it. No way. Sorry. Single Rider at Saurin is uh on. I'm not a fan of it, but uh I don't like I'm not a fan of Saurin, so Any update on the backstage construction by Small World? No, I have to get on the Montreal for that. I got one more chance. The Montreal is closing, so I'm going to get on the Montreal uh tomorrow and check that out. Trey, get the two bucks. Thank you. Ghost Rider was crazy. That line is brutal. Ghost Rider. Uh wait, are did you watch an oldberry farm video? because I I did a Ghost Rider video. Uh I did some cube science, some park science on Ghost Rider like a year or two ago and uh I I I marked the back of the queue because it was posted like two hours or something like that. I marked the back of the queue and then I went I went, you know, ran ran or rambling around the park and uh came back two or three times and the guy that I marked is still in the queue after a few hours. Uh, Disney fan chan, do you think there will ever be a day where Disneyland resort magic bands will allow us to add our credit cards? Uh, I would I'd hope so. Give us some value for those uh give us some value for those magic bands. They're pointless. The magic band at Disney is the most pointless thing. Is it hard to film at DC? Do the copyright monster? Yes. Yes, it is. Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Took your advice. Mark Twain is a great park out. Yes, it is. All that stuff is great, man. Anything that doesn't have a lightning lane is pretty good. Uh, HR. Uh, okay. I have no idea what that name is. Get the two bucks for no reason. I love that. Thank you. Sorry, I'm trying to catch up on some comments because I've been talking a lot. Uh, okay. Uh, Hayden, get the two bucks. Thank you very much. Fastpass for Hollywood Studios during spring break. I'm not sure what's the Is there a question in there? I'm not positive that there's a question in there. Uh Mike get the two bucks. Thank you. David is a David Adal vice. Oh, I Yeah, I've been getting that. Okay, I'll try and say it. Adal vice instead of idle vice. I just remember that hearing it that way before, so I just assume that's how it was said. I Somebody else said that's how you say it. Trey gets a two bucks. Thank you. Damn. Monsters, Inc. such a boring line. One of the most boring lines in the history of boring nines. How do you subscribe to your paid content? Uh, you know, I actually I think it's just there's a join button right next to where you subscribe and everything on on YouTube. There's just join and then other one if you want to go Patreon, it's patreon.com/freshbaked. Chewbacca gift of $5. Thank you. As a DCA rep, I want to know on a scale of 9 to 9.9, how would you rate the man the mandarin orange and blackberry punch from the festival? Did I drink that one? I I love anything uh with orange in it. That's for sure. Toy Soldier Mike gifted $5. Thank you. As a former musician at the park, I'm excited to see Bluey with a live band. Um I'm excited to see that too. Although I don't think we're going to see opening day. I think we're going to be in Walt Disney World. I think uh at least well with Sophia. I don't want to go there without Sophia, I think. Uh Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Getting a lightsaber is so expensive at Galaxy's Edge. It's true. It's what? How much is a lightsaber now? 100 bucks. I don't know. 120. If you had to ride one ride all day, which ride would it be? Well, I would say the people mover, but that's not going to happen. Um, maybe the omnibus. I think the omnibus maybe or the Montreal or the train. I don't know if I could do the train all day. I don't know. That's I That's a hard one. Uh Trey Kishi, get the two bucks. Thank you, man. On a busy day, impossible to do standby at night. Impossible. Absolutely. $220. Really? Uh yeah, Knutsbury Farm uh on a busy day without uh fast lane or whatever the hell they call it is impossible. You might as well just stay home. Did you hear? Uh, no. I have not heard anything about art buses other than that there is going to be service on April 1st, but I don't know what that service is. JLo Disney, get the $5. Thank you. How have you been handling the insane heat in the parks this week? I mean, I don't know. I just deal with it. I'm kind of a lizard. I I can handle heat fairly well. So, I but but I I but I also if I'm exposed, if I don't if I'm h, you know, uh if I'm in exposed sun and I don't have any cover and I don't have access to water or anything like that, I I will pass out. Uh but if I as long as I have my water and I can get occasional shade, I can handle the heat pretty well. Trey gets to $5. Thank you. Hi. Do you think Knots is so inaccurate with weight times? Why or why? Because they don't care. It's 100% just a a question. And this is what people don't give credit to Disneyland for. It's 100% an issue of giving a And that's the reason why Knots will never meet Disney because they don't they don't care. It's the same reason why they don't they have terrible customer service uh at at the dining locations. Their quick service is absolute ass. It's terrible because they don't care. There's no training. Nobody puts any time or money into it. Nobody puts any effort or initiative into making it better. Nobody cares. They don't care. Disney cares. End of story. Favorite store at Downtown Disney. probably that one next to um not house uh uh the one that used to have all the art shows and stuff like that. I think Hayden get the two bucks. Thank you. Should be fastpass Hollywood Studios during Spring Break Crest. I mean, this is a Walt Disney World question. I don't really know. I don't know. I couldn't say. Uh, I I don't know. I couldn't answer that with any sort of certainty. I've I've I've never used it and I've gotten by, but I rope drop, so that helps. Lawrence 10, get the 10 bucks. Thank you. Thanks for the content. I can't go to Disneyland as much as I want, so I watch your show to keep up. I mean, that's what we're here for, man. That's what I'm here for. Trey, get the two bucks. Thank you. Are you going to miss Dinosaur Animal Kingdom? Sure. Uh, yeah. There was not enough rides there to begin with, but I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be happy to see the indie show, too, when it gets there. But it's going to be a few years, right? So, in the meantime, I will I'll I'll miss Indie. Hill. I'll miss Monsters when it's gone if if it takes a while to replace it. Uh Kelsey gifted $5. Thank you. Uh, any idea when Guardians will be done uh with their elevator refer? Probably not until the summer is what I'm understanding. We go once a year and it seems like it's been ongoing for at least two. Yeah, it has been. They did a whole thing and then they didn't finish it. Then they they they had them all running uh for the holidays and then they went back to the refurb progress. It's it's I know it's a it's a drag, but it has to be done. I mean, I would rather them be more cautious and and pay more mind to to maintenance than less. I'll say that uh Trey gets the two bucks thinking I'm so pissed off. Pooh Lightning Lane at Magic Kingdom is unnecessary. Completely and utterly unnecessary. Why do they have Lightning Lane at W the Pooh? I'm so That upsets me every time I go there. I hate that. They should take it off Peter Pan, too, man. They shouldn't have Lightning Lane on kids rides, period. That's my feeling. If it's a kids ride, there should not be lightning lane. Absolute bottom line. It's just wrong. It's wrong to to because you know how parents the parents don't want to have to, you know, they don't they're not looking forward to dragging their kid through an hourong queue, so they're going to so they're going to like, oh god, I guess we should just get lightning lane. Screw that. That's so mean-spirited and and abusive and I don't know the uh uh userous. Um, it's just I hate it. I hate that. Give them a break. You need some freebies for those kids. Uh, Trey, get the two bucks. Go to McDonald's. Order. Two cheeseburgers, fries, and a Coke. Although I I I'm I've been on strike at McDonald's now for a while because uh the place by me is just absolutely gross. It's run down. They don't take care of it. They don't clean the floors. They don't clean the tables. There was uh you know ice cream on the table for the entire time we were there. Nobody came by to clean it for like an hour. My kid was out there playing in the in the playground and that ice cream just sat there for an hour all over the table. Nobody ever came to clean it. Uh the food is okay at best. Uh but no, I'm I'm out on McDonald's right now. Uh Wondrous Journeys get the two bucks. Thank you. Why does Disneyland close at 10 on non-dark events? They've just they they've tightened the hours. They they're just they feel like it's uh I don't know that they're not getting the return on investment for staying open that extra hour or two. Shannon geted five bucks. Not it's not every night though. I I was they close at 11 last night. I saw you at Adam Celebration. I gave you the water. Oh, thank you so much. I was just talking about what heat does to me sometimes. Uh, I was exposed down there sitting in that front row and there was nowhere to go and I there was no water and uh so that was one of those cases where I did I did uh I was very close. I was very very close. So you you were there right on time. Thank you. Uh Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Or alien buzz ride in Hollywood. Uh in Hollywood Alien Oh. Uh oh, you mean the Mater's Ride? Yeah. No, that should not be. No, the Mater's Ride should not be on Lightning Lane either. I kind of get it for Slinky Dog Dash. That's a roller coaster, so I kind of get it. CBCJR, get the $20. Thank you. Uh, what do you think about the Daz Pass system? I have a friend with an autistic adult son who loves Mickey and she refuses to take in the days on anymore because D is now too difficult for them to use. I, you know, I appreciate the question, but I'm just not, I don't think I'm the right person to answer that. Uh, I don't know what the correct I I know is is that I I want people who have difficulty going to dine to have a better time of it for sure. I want everybody to have a good time. But I've also been direct witness to several people abusing that system. And I don't know, I'm not smart enough or savvy enough to know what the middle ground is or what the correct, you know, what the correct method is to to answer those questions. Um, I don't know legal or anything like that. So, I can understand it from both sides, I guess, is all I'm saying. And I know that sounds like a copout, but I'm just I'm not the guy. I'm just not the guy. I' I I'm just not well informed enough, nor can I I don't want to speak for I don't want to speak for anybody in that sense. Hey, there it is. Uh uh Ryan in the desert as her first comment as a members or as a as a somebody who's in the membership program. Hello. Problem though, those whom it's supposed to be for are not getting which I totally get. I totally totally get Kelly. And but the the the reason why you're not is because it's not because Disney took it from you per se. I don't think well I don't see what I mean. I don't know. It's such a nuanced question. It it's it got you can't use it because other people were abusing it. They took it from you. You It was because other people's ins, you know, insensitivity to that system. They robbed of you because now Disney has to overreact, which it could be that they're overreacting. I just don't know what the correct reaction is. So, I I wish I wish that everybody who should have it could get it. I really do. That's all I can say. Uh Mike, get the $5. David, what is the value in multiple YouTube channels instead of having one with all the content in it? I see everyone doing it. Uh YouTube the the idea is you want it's like um going to a restaurant and you go to a burger joint, right? And on the menu you see burgers and then you see spaghetti and then you see sashimi and you're like h I don't know what I'm doing here. I'm going to leave because I don't want somebody who's making burger sashimi and you know in the same joint. I I just want a burger. So I'm going to go to the guy who just makes burgers because I know he's really good at making burgers. I'm not even that guy could make a good burger. I don't know. But he's also selling sashimi. So maybe his heart's not in it. So that's that's the perception of YouTube channels is that you want to be good at one thing on that channel. And if you want to do something that's a little bit different, then you create another channel and hope it catches on. Uh the reason why I have two channels, three channels really, is because the news was the news thing was different from what I was doing. It was it was an imbalance. The acoustic stuff didn't belong on this channel. It didn't belong on the main channel. It's a it's an entirely different customer. And so what happens is you get all these people subbing for one reason or another, but they only watch the stuff that they're interested in. I only want to wa I only want people on this channel who are watching the the videos that I'm putting out on this channel. And then if you want to watch acoustic stuff, you can go to our other channel. If you want to watch a news story, you can go to that other channel. Uh Sean from Phoenix get the $5. Thank you. Disneyland News today is saying Garden Grove launches Disneyland Resort. I talked about that uh in our state of Disneyland report on Monday or Wednesday. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. I talked about that. Uh they're not replacing all of them. They don't mention that in that report, by the way. They didn't say anything. They're only they're only replacing the Garden Grove hotels. So, the hotels that are just in Anaheim, like the ones back there in Manchester, that those buses, that Garden Grove bus is not going out there. just 10 hotels. They're hitting just 10 hotels. They're also not hitting uh Toy Story. Johnny Blaze, get the $10. Thank you, David. I think you should do a contest of how many pens are in that coffee cup. Okay, go ahead. Trey, get the two bucks. Uh, boycott fries for smoke jumpers. You bet I will. I already have. I've stopped eating fries at Disneyland. Uh, Trey gets a $5. Thank you. How pissed are you were you when Mermaid went lightning lane? Uh, Mermaid didn't bother me so much because I knew that it wasn't gonna actually affect because that that ride is so efficient and it's not popular enough like Pirates is to really have a uh to be a problem. Um, I mean some there's so few people using Lightning Lane at Little Mermaid that it doesn't impact the the queue at all. Um, but it is stupid and it is very um transparently money hungry. There's no positive reason for giving lightning lane to mermaid. I'll just say that. Did I miss one from Jungle Cruiser? Jungle Cruiser gifted at $5. Thank you. Was taking was talking to a plaid and met a unicorn. A guest with four people bought Lightning Lane Premiere and Lightning Lane Multipass. Why would they buy both? Because they wouldn't do everything twice. I guess that's really strange. I can't I can't even figure that out. Hey, there's Art also in the membership program. Welcome, Art. Michael Sullivan, 29 pens in the cup. You're close, I think. I don't know if I counted that right. I thought there was going to be more. Would the fresh daily work better on presents than here? Well, no, because there's no membership. There's no membership plan for for presents. I don't want to put memberships on every channel. Um, so I want to do it obviously on the on the main channel. Sam, get the $10. Thank you. Any updates on what they're going to do with the Toy Story lot? Well, it's the same as it's always been. They're going to build a a a hotel in uh like a kind of like a Disney Springs type situation over there. But I mean that's that's way down the line. Uh MD Productions get the two bucks. Thank you. Splitsville on Downtown Disney still has crinkle cut fries. Yes, they do. Which answers the question, what if there's some sort of shortage of of crinkle cut fries which caused that? That is not the case because if there were a shortage, they could just get them from wherever from wherever Splitzville is. By the way, Splitzville fries are amazing. I absolutely love Splitzville fries. PC Box Services get to 10 bucks. Thank you. You mentioned in your last video that you've never seen the park that busy. No, I didn't say that. I didn't say I've never seen it that busy. I said it that that's the busiest day this year and probably the busiest day in maybe six months. I remember it being super Yeah. Two, dude. Precoid there's no competition. Pre-COVID was absolutely bonkers on a on a regular basis. We're not back to those levels. No, though. No, because the max capacity that Disney operates on M Disney's right now they're operating on something like uh maybe 55 50 55,000 max capacity uh back then they were doing fire marshall capacity which could have been 65 70,000 I think we I think I remember trying to run those numbers in a previous live stream. Uh but Disney does not operate under MA uh fire marshall capacity anymore. So that's why you it'll never be like that again. Uh Chewbacca get the 20 bucks. Thank you. We were there 2 weeks ago for my wife's 40th birthday. We are only fortunate enough to make a trip there every 3 to 5 years. Thank you for your content. Our pleasure. Thank you. Uh to bring the Disney magic to those of us who can't be there as often as we'd like. Happy to do it. Trey gets the two bucks. Thank you. Those cues that Snoopy still keep me up at night. I feel sorry. I feel sorry for every parent trying to trying to get their kids through Camp Snoopy on a busy day. It's just absolutely a disaster. Uh, Hayden, get to $5. Thank you. My wife and I met you at Disneyland. You took time to get a photo and congratulate us on getting married. Congratulations. We enjoy your videos. Did you mention going to Walt Disney World soon? Yes, we're going uh we're leaving next Friday. So, eight days from today, we're going to Disney World for a few days. Oh, Blue's doing dress rehearsal. Are the walls still up? Trey gets the $2. Thank you. Monsters to pointless for Lightning Lane. Maybe Small World. Uh yeah, Monsters doesn't need Lightning Lane. Small World doesn't need Lightning Lane. Absolutely not. Small World would operate just like Pirates. I don't know why they left they took it off Pirates, but they left it on Small World. Makes no sense. The exact same operation. And Small World is a less popular ride. I don't get it. Uh, everybody say welcome or say hi to Lucasville. He's a friend of FreshBaked. Uh, yes, Sophie is on spring break. She'll be joining us. Yeah. So, she's going to do uh Disney World with us for a couple days. Ko, get the $5. Thank you. I was watching old videos back when Fresh Bake fans muffins would go around the park with you. Would you ever do that again? No. No. The the famous story that goes with that is that the day I met my wife Liz is the last day we ever did that because on that day I was so overwhelmed with you know uh having so we had a dozen people with us maybe and I remember saying on that day I can't do this anymore because I feel responsible. I felt responsible for every person in the group. I felt responsible that all of them were having a good time and doing things and I and then it was making it hard to shoot the show. Uh so no, I would no I can't even I barely I I can barely handle my wife being with me sometimes because I want to make her happy. You know what I mean? It's not it's not like a you know uh what do you call it? Uh anyway, uh because you know, I want to entertain her and I want her to be happy and I don't I don't like the feeling of dragging people around the park, which uh and I don't mean that I don't mean that that you're dragging me. I mean I'm I feel like or that I that I'm dragging you necessarily. I just I feel like you're going against your will, you know, like I'm making you do things you don't want to do. Selena, besides the fries, entertainment, park reservations, and fastpass, what is something you would like to see brought back to the park? Live entertainment. We need more live entertainment. Every live entertainment show that has been cancelled or ended has not none of them have been replaced by a different show. They have just been taken. You think about any show that was taken and it's been gone for good. Uh, Golden Horseshoe. Uh, the uh the Royals or not the Royal um Yeah, the uh Royal Street Bachelors. Yes. Uh the Hook and Ladder Company, Jedi Training Academy, uh the the uh Minis Fly Girls, uh I know there's more. Um the the news boys. It's depressing. Fresh baked fans are called muffins. Uh, they were. Yes. Back in the day, we called them muffins. Yes. But the the we had a little we had a little icon, a little logo, a little avatar for them, but they weren't. They were cupcakes. Nathan, get the $2. Thank you. They're doing Blueie rehearsal at Hyperion. Really? At Hyperion? Oh, that's fascinating. No time. Seven minutes. Do I prefer World of Color or the Fireworks? Fireworks. Yes, absolutely. Billy Hill and the Hillbillies. Well, Billy Hill and the hillbillies were replaced by the laughingstock. Uh, no. But at at the Golden Horseshoe, each time a show ended, it got progressively less. I don't want to say worse because these guys were trying their best, but the show became less and less until the last show that they did was just two guys playing the piano. Am I live every Thursday? Is as much as possible. Yes, that's our regular time slot. 700 p.m. on Thursdays. Am I D23 gold? Yes. Whatever happened to the hole in the wall gang? Every Monday. Every Monday here on dis on is our Monday construction report. I don't call it the hole in the wall gang anymore, but that's what it is. It's a continuation of the hole gang. I just it doesn't have a name anymore. Jesse Roundup and Golden Horseshoe at Magic Kingdom. I think I I think I'm missing context there. Is Magic Happens supposed to come back after the 70th? I wouldn't be surprised. Um, I miss daytime parades, that's for sure. But I love Paint the Night, too. It's a shame we can't have both, but that's never going to happen. Can't have both. They only have room back there for uh for for basically one parade uh because they keep the uh Christmas floats here year round rather than taking them off site. Is Fantasmic and fireworks every night yet? Actually, we talked about that in our state of DC our state of Disneyland report on on Wednesday, yesterday. Uh, not yet, but as of as of tomorrow, it'll be back to nightly. Both Fantasmic Nightly and Fireworks Nightly. Paint the Night is better than Magic Happens. I agree. Uh, but I do miss Magic Happens. I think it's a great show. Oh, is it just two weeks? I went as far into the future as I could. Why is it just two weeks? Sean from Phoenix gift of $5. Thank you. Remember when you could send in your birthday and you would show? Yes, I do remember that. Oh, it's just for spring break. Okay, I'll mention that in our next update. Somebody asked me if I would do that again. Somebody asked me in the park and they or I met somebody uh who I did a shout out there. They were their daughter was little and now she's grown and I did a shout out for her daughter. It was pretty sweet. Will we ever see the electrical parade come back to Disney? I mean, never say never, but probably not. Spilled my coffee. When do I think portals will go vertical? Well, it's much too early for that. They're still tearing up things on the far end. Uh they're still digging. They're still doing foundation. So, uh it's going to be a couple months before they go vertical, I think. Yeah. Would you hug a fan? I hug fans all the time. You got to make the first move, though. I'm not going in for the hug. You got to make the first move, which is true of a lot of interactions that I have. I I I often joke that I I there are times when I can see somebody, you know, looking and I'm like, "Okay, I think I think they want to say something." But I'm I don't assume. I never assume because I' i've embarrassed myself on a few occasions where I thought they were fans of the show and they weren't. And I just I don't I never assume. So, you have to make yourself pretty pretty abundantly clear because otherwise I I'll just assume that that's not me you're talking to because I see people wave at me sometimes or they're not waving at me or they'll say David but I'm not the David that they're trying to reach. Call me a fresh baked. Uh but uh yeah, you got to make the first move. I heard the steakhouse and barbecue restaurant are having permit issues. Uh, do you have a source for that? Uh, I'm I'm I'm assuming that is something there's something wrong. There's definitely something wrong because they should be they should be definitely building by now. Uh, but what that wrong what that wrong is, I I'm not sure. If you wanted to sound like any Disney character, who would it be? Walt Disney. I love the way Walt sounds. I could listen to Walt talk forever. I absolutely love listening to Walt Disney talk. Is the city going through with the tax hike on the ballot? No, that's already uh that that won't even make it to the ballot. No, that's that that's been cancelled. Yeah. Are we there? 7:59, guys. Last second. There once was a pirate buffet. Yeah, Captain Kids. I heard it was disgusting. It is now Kalaka Mama's Well, I guess that's it. Yeah, it is 8 o'clock. All right, guys. Thanks for joining us tonight. Uh, I sure do appreciate you all. Thank you very much, especially for all you members that uh joined in here and and you clandestine Patreon members as well. We love you guys and we'll see you next week. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bait.
