---
video_id: UiSb-fN2MP0
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Backstage Demo next!?  | Disneyland Construction 2026-03-13"
published: 2026-03-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiSb-fN2MP0
---
It's another week of stunning progress at the future Coco site. Is the real backstage demo on the way next? Plus, important updates from the Disneyland tram and a theory about what they're doing back there in Fantasy Land. So, let's get this Disneyland construction update started from the Pixar Place Hotel. Last week, we were more than a little bit shocked by the amount of progress that we saw. They had completely obliterated those trees back there backstage, but that you could tell that they weren't done yet. this week. They say it seems like they are getting closer to what would be considered done. Uh the the trees are completely gone. It's a completely clear view back there. Uh even the stumps that we saw last week are gone. And they've started to take out the concrete, the black top for that road going to backstage. We're going to look at this again in just a minute. Stay tuned. We're going to come back to this. But let's get back out to Catella and Harvard Boulevard because we got an update from Avengers Infinity Defense where they have put a black scrim around the the back side of the building, not the front side, which we'll see in a little bit when we get to uh Avengers Campus, but they have put a black scrim which completely conceals our view of anything happening back there. I'm not sure why that is. What's what creates the need for them to do that other than perhaps that they don't they don't want me I don't want to call this a fresh bake because it's obviously way bigger than that. Uh but they they don't want guests to see what they're about to do next on that outside which is probably just going to be sheathing. Uh that's usually the the next step once you're finished with the frame you go sheathing. We'll have more to see when we get to Avengers Campus hopefully. But for now let's head up the street. Got an interesting development here at the fence that is separating the area. Well, separating what they're working on on Disneyland Drive from the Catella Avenue side. The fence has been moved out a couple weeks ago. But this week, for the first time, we can now see crew working on that part through the fence. We can see crew working back there. So, I feel like there is more land clearing happening here, more construction happening back here. We just can't see it cuz they're doing a really good job. Uh, by the way, there was also nothing to see backstage from the other angle. And there's nothing to see, you know, uh, even from as close as we can get to the fence. So, we have to cross the street to Disneyland Drive to get a better angle of things. And there you can see the the fence that they've been constructing. And while I don't think the audio picked it up, what I'm observing here is more about what I can hear. A lot of whooping and hollering back there. It's more about what I heard than what I can see. Looking back towards the right, there's a lot of crew back there. Now, I don't know. I don't think we're going to be able to see what they're doing here because those trees inexplicably are still there. There are still a bunch of trees that you would think would be gone by now that are still there. The excavators are back. There's two of them in there. They're digging up again. I'm going to go ahead and guess before we get up to the Pixar Place Hotel, but I'm going to guess they're tearing up they're tearing up the black top for that that service road back there. And now that's what I'm talking about. It's it's amazing the disparity between that left half of the work site and the right half that it's as if they're working on two different projects, but there's that excavator and I I'm almost certain that he they're digging up the black top back there. Uh, I don't know how well we're going to be able to see that again when we get up to the Pixar Place Hotel because the trees, but I'm I'm fairly certain that they are digging up the black top back there as well as what we just saw in that opening shot. Just I I every week, man. Every week, this has just been the most fascinating process. Look, the the the the change in this view alone has been so significant and so dramatic. Uh, it's I could hardly get my head around what's happening. Okay, back to the top of the Pixar Place Hotel. There again is that dirt we saw earlier. They they did finally, by the way, all that landscaping that I've been waiting and waiting and waiting to say, why is that landscaping still there? Why is that concrete? Why is the sidewalk? You could see the the sort of hidden Mickey circular formation there. Uh, all that landscaping is gone now. That is and it just seemed impossible to think that that's uh that that was going to hang around. Uh there again, you can see the break in the pavement there, the the black top. That's the old service road. And then there's the rubble. Uh it looks like steel on the left. And then and then that pavement, the the the black top on the right panning to the right now. So those trees, the palm trees and those other uh trees that are run parallel to Design Drive are blocking our view. That's right about where we're looking now is where we saw uh that excavator breaking up something. And we're going to keep our eyes open to see if we can't find anything there. But what's going to happen? Why why aren't those trees gone? They, you know, what are they waiting for? And but I I suppose, you know, those are gone. They took out the landscaping there. So yeah, I was it's probably logical that eventually they will get to taking those trees down. So I don't want to jump to any conclusions there. And then we're looking now at that sort of that this is that backstage area we've been watching from the corner of Catella and Desand Drive. What is that on the ground there? That surface doesn't look like it did last week. I mean I it's hard to tell. We can zoom in and I think in doing so we can see that they I think that they have just watered that that part of the road, but it's possible that they have done something to the surface there. To what end? I couldn't say. Before we look at the rest of what's going on backstage, let's get on the Pixar palaround because I want to see what's going on on this side of things on this side of the trees. I want to see if there's anything happening at that backstage site where Coco is supposed to go and no, not really. But we can see we can see clear through to Disneyland Drive. That's that's a view that we never would have had before. Never have we had that view before of seeing Disneyland Drive. By the way, I want to mention before we even continue on that, here's another sidebar. Emotional whirlwind is still closed. Uh, it's still closed. This is this is a non-scheduled unexpected closure for emotional whirlwind and it's they still don't know what it is. It's mechanical of some kind. It's it's has to do with the actual ride system that the vehicles themselves it just stopped operating from what I understand. So, we're not going to, you know, there's no there's nothing going to be torn up or dug into on the ground that I can tell. And we're not going to be able to see it from the ground other than whatever that stuff is on the floor there. But something's up with emotional whirlwind. We'll keep our eyes open. Looking back again. Okay. Oh, look at that. We can see that cleared land now on the other side of the Incredic Coaster. We can see that cleared land. Now, let's go back over to the co. This looks exactly the same. Uh, nothing has happened back here. All these buildings are all still full. They're still operational. Nothing has been moved out. Nothing has been cleared. The clearing that's happening is all happening on the other side uh of the tree line there. So with that, we will exit the Pixar Palaron. We'll come back to that in a minute. Let's get back to our view at the Pixar Place Hotel because I want to see now here's that angle that we were we were just looking at the Pixar or the Pixar Palaround and those three buildings there. Uh nothing to observe. There was no action. How does this change? How does this factory because it looks like everything is going again as it should? Uh I see vehicles moving in and out of the backstage area. They've actually buttoned up that building back there. That's where we saw the Lunar Processional Lunar New Year processional float back there that's been closed up enough where we can't see what's going on. But while we don't see anything still happening, I I don't think it's going to be long. I think we will be seeing action there on those buildings in Whoa. Oh, there they are. Okay, we found I think we found No, that's a bulldozer. But I think we found the heavy equipment back there. That the bulldozer probably is accompanying the excavator. So, it does look like they are digging up uh that that that road back there behind those palm trees. So, that's that's action we couldn't see before. Yeah, you can see a a pile of rubble there. It looks like they got a lot of work to do. Man, this part takes a long time. You know, I gotta say this whole Coco thing is way more interesting, way more fascinating to watch than Avengers Campus, which was interesting at first when they were doing land clearing, etc., which I guess is the same stage we're at now. But still, it wasn't I don't know, man. It didn't capture me like this. This thing does. This is approaching Galaxy's Edge was like the zenith of a fascinating construction to the point where that's what created this this show you're watching right now was born from how much energy I was getting from the Galaxy's Edge construction uh starting from ground zero and watch following it along and I'm like I want to do that for the whole park. So that's how we got here. Long story short anyway, uh I don't think you could ever meet that that that amount of hype and that amount of interest and all the things that happen, you know, the pool and the fort and the super collider and all that stuff. If you know, you know. Uh but man, I'm feeling I'm I'm almost feeling that kind of excitement about this Coco construction. It's just one ride. It's just one little thing, but all the little nuances that are happening along the way has been really uh fascinating to me. I want to take a quick break to remind you guys of our preferred travel affiliate, Getaway Today. Absolute amazing crew of people over there at Getaway. Uh we make all of our travel arrangements with them. If you were looking to plan a trip for Disneyland, Walt Disney World, Alani, a cruise, you name it, reach out, contact Getaway Today. There's a . Use that link and that lets them know that we sent you. And in so doing, you are supporting a a a wonderful familyrun business who love to help you guys. And in so doing, you also help us. You support FreshBaked and you support a wonderful familyrun operation. We love these guys. They are the nicest, kindest bunch of people you'll ever meet. And they can help you plan a vacation at the same time. Contact Getaway today. Use the . I hope you guys have a great trip. So, we're back. We're back in Downtown Disney to give you the status of that digital board. It's gone. And as soon as I saw that that sign was gone, I knew that was a good sign. And indeed, it was. as we approach the future Porto site, the the scrim and scaffold are gone. So, they've already they they finished whatever it is that they were doing on that part of the work site. So, they they could put the walls back. So, the walls have been pushed back right there. You can see that's where the fence would have been is uh from that planter there to the to the constru to the construction wall. So, now guests can walk through there again. They've they've uh cleared that path up. Can we see anything still though? No, we've got one excavator back there, I think, that we can see working, but uh no visible action happening on the other side of that wall. You just it's simply no matter where we go, we can't see it. We can't even see it from the uh Montreal because it was closed on this day. But there is a lot of dust kicking up in the air back there. So, they're definitely doing something. Are they going to keep that wall? That's the wall that was behind that court separated backstage from the building. It wasn't part of the building itself, but there was a wall in between the building and backstage. Looks like they're keeping that wall. Now, one thing we can observe, if they have opened up that path, that means tram loading should be back open again the way it typically is. Tram loading should be open again. And it does look no chains. The signs say tram loading. There's a tram right there. Is are they stopping? Well, that's got to be that's a that's tra full of guests. It's 9:30 in the morning. So, that's a tram full of guests. They're dropping off guests. Awesome. And then, yeah, that's where we saw the tram buses to the right arrow before. Now, we can walk up those steps. And and indeed, they are picking up guests here again. So, great news. It looks like situation normal again here. Uh back to normal operations at the Disneyland tram. And there Oh, that's a better view of that excavator. But look at that. Did you guys see that? We'll try that again. They're not digging. They're They're filling. That was an empty m and now he's picked up something in there and he's dropping. That's probably that area where they were doing um for uh for, you know, they they're trenching where they were trenching last week. So, it looks like they're filling. No, that's not where they were trenching. That's something else. But any case, they're no longer digging. That the excavator is not for digging. That's for filling. Fascinating. Here's a closer look. Can we see what that is? It's big and crumbly and kind of shiny. That's pretty fascinating, you guys. I couldn't really tell what he's got in there, though. The the bright the sun is so bright that I can't see it through the lens. Maybe I can pick it up in post, but uh to me, you know, maybe help me out there, guys, if you can. But to me, it look like kind of like a black shale. Uh it's definitely fill of some kind, but but for what purpose, I'm not sure. I'm going to need some help from uh from the street team out there. Let's head out to Harbor Boulevard real quick because I want to see what's going on out there at the Harbor and Disney Way. By the way, that's where we saw them digging last week with the excavator out here on that old entrance. But that's not why we're here. I'm on the bus and it looks like if we slow this down, we can see that they're doing the same thing. I'm assuming they're doing the same thing on the opposite side of the street as they did on the park side where they were putting in the ballards. I would expect 10 more confusing ballards on each side of the street here. Not confusing anymore, but uh yeah, it looks like they're doing the exact same uh dealer here. So, again, they're expecting a lot of guests to be walking in from Harbor Boulevard in the future. This is going to be a a lot of and I have to believe it's due to the Disneyland Forward project and the way they're going to be rearranging guest traffic from the parking structure or from the new resort plans that they have for the Toy Story parking lot. So, let's get back into Disneyland. Let's get to Main Street where the situation is essentially how we found it last week. Scrim are still up. Construction walls are still up. Nothing to report. I can't tell if they're working on anything. I can't I could hear a few things. I don't think the camera picked it up, but you could hear a little bit of not quite whooping and hollering, but somebody was definitely trying to scrape or or take something off the facades here. The the facade next to Carnation Cafe. Uh but otherwise, uh it's still pretty normal. The trees are still gone. Obviously, I'm standing by on this tree situation. I don't think this is final. mostly because those temporary wooden uh you know hole filler things where they put a lid on where the tree was, those are still there. And as long as those are still there, there's hope that they're going to take those off. It's because they don't it, you know, when they put concrete there, if they put brick down, obviously that's the end of the story. But if those those temporary wooden deals, those lids are there, it's it suggests to me that there's a chance they could put new trees back there. As I mentioned, the the Montreal was closed on this day because of the heat. It's also closed or or a closure is coming up, a reverb closure. So, we're not going to be able to get any views from the Montreal, which is important because I was hoping to get one for this over here, the Adal Vise next. Thank you guys very much for correcting me on this Adal vise. Uh we're still behind uh construction walls. They're doing something that I've I've seen on the monitor that they dug up the the concrete that was back there. They've completely ripped up all that concrete. So, they're obviously repurposing that space for some use. What that could be, we're not positive. Actually, we have theories. Let's get back to the seating area because this what's happening there next to Adovvice is connected to what's happening here at the old uh gummy gland seating area type situation. But also possibly what I noticed here when I was on the Montreal two weeks ago, I found some, you know, it looks like they were doing some uh land clearing, some sight prep, and it was suggested to me that there's a theory that they could be expanding that seating area out into the where where it was water before. You can see like in this area around that corner is more water. the it's not land now, but they could be closing that off and finally doing something, I guess, with this space. Although, I kind of like the water there myself, but I just it's it's hard for me to be certain about this spot here because I I'm not I've never really put my eyes back here, so I don't know how long it's been as it is. And and you can you can barely see anything anyway, but it sure does look like land clearing back there. I tried to get a better look uh behind the construction wall next to Advice. try to see if we can't. I tried to get my, you know, my little mini tripod connected to the de uh the pocket, but there's really nothing to observe there. Same thing right here. Okay, so on the other side of that seating area, there's the expectation that they might be expanding that space. Trying again with the Pocket 3. I can't see the ground. Can't see the ground. We tried. I got as high as I could, but the Montreal is the only solution there. And I tried the same with the pocket here looking backstage, but it's just it's just not going to happen. We can't see anything outside of the Montreal. Now, I'm kind of wondering if it's more than a coincidence that the seating out there is closed. You know, the small world uh or the, you know, next to the uh Adal Vice is closed and the Matter Horn is coming up for a closure as well. I I have half a mind to think that that whatever they're doing out there is extensive enough that they they would rather us not and or maybe the man or the Montreal needed a reurb, but they timed it in such a way to be more convenient for them to work on that area back there. I just I don't know. I have this strange feeling those two things are connected. Well, while in the neighborhood, let's check in on Bluey's best day ever. The construction walls were down. It looks like they may even be doing a soft opening. They had a rope up here. I believe the show is not supposed to start until Sunday. By the time you see this, it will have opened, but it does look like there was some uh guests doing a preview. And you can see some they we can now see the the theming that's happening backstage. Oh, here we can look at the stage itself. That looks like house, you guys. That's house back there. Uh there's the Picky Upppy car. Uh I don't know what that I mean, I've watched Blueie, but I don't remember what the Pickyupy game is. Maybe I should have watched more of it. And I'm really hoping that show is good. I'm really hoping. I do like Bluey. I do like the show, but I just I have I got a, you know, I haven't made a good show here in a while. Like a really I want it to be, you know, of meaning of of of weight. There has to of consequence. I want there to be body to that show. Just the previous things that they've been doing there have been so halfass. You know, it made it made u magical map look like Broadway. You know, I I want them to do something good there. I'm hoping. Also, while we're in the neighborhood, let's stop in the Toontown. This this uh I'm not sure if people are going to really appreciate my level of enthusiasm for this, but Toontown has replaced the the grass and the little park scenes that they have here in Toontown. This is all completely new. We were here on Monday doing our state of Disneyland report and you could actually see right here where they had the uh where they hadn't finished the job yet. You can see the old grass next to the new GA grass. And if we keep going to the back side of the park, I want to is not Centonial Park. I Why can't I remember the name? This little park back here has a name, but they've replaced this grass back here as well. All of it. Uh this was that same sort of grayish green mattad down grass a couple weeks ago and now it's lush green grass again. Looks great. Bright and colorful and a little more spongy on the foot as well. It hasn't been trampled down. So great update there from Disney. I really appreciate that. I know people aren't going to care about that as much as I do. Uh, and I mentioned this in the state of Disneyland report, but that is the kind of thing that goes unnoticed by people who by detractors, by those who speak ill of Disneyland and what they do or don't do. They won't mention that Disney fixed that grass. They won't mention that they replace that grass. They'll only talk about the things that they didn't do, and they never talk about the things they do. And I'm very grateful for that. And that this is not an isolated incident, but it's very visual. It's a very bright, shiny visual of uh the kinds of things that Disney does on a routine basis that we all take for granted and never notice. And it's the reason why the park looks so great on a daily basis. So, I'll get off my soap box now and get over to Galaxy's Edge where Ogus Cantina has reopened. There you can see a big old long cube. People are excited to go inside Ogus. Um I haven't had the opportunity to go to get in there yet. I may make a a plan to do that soon. Maybe we'll do that on our Wednesday night trip, but word is nothing has changed in terms of the theme, in terms of the environment. Uh they they they we thought they might, but perhaps something could still be happening in the future. Perhaps they're getting ready for that, but they haven't installed it yet. But for now, your experience at Ogus is going to be pretty much exactly as it was prior to the closure. On our way through New Orleans Square, I found Ray Berets in a sad state of affairs. Now, I don't know if this is the grass dying because of some Well, it could just be the summer heat because this does still look pretty full and there are still patches that are green, but it's it's a little brown. It's a little brown and I hate to say, man, it was going so well, but it could just be the summer heat. I mean, that's what happens, right? I don't know. I'm not a greenery. I I don't know agriculture very well. Let's go to Indiana Jones. Check in on the queue there. Uh, nothing to report. Shockingly, there's nothing nothing has happened since they put that scrim and scaffold up. As best as I can tell, nothing has happened. The only thing I can report actually is that it's a I think it's a little bit clear. I can see through. Maybe it's just a change in the light, but I can see through there better than I could in the past, but what I'm seeing is nothing. There's nothing. They haven't done anything as far as I can tell. Uh even the uh the area here where we were hoping that they would update the the rotting scene there, that's still pretty much the same as it was before. And I'm still 50/50 on whether or not they will fix that. Jungle Cruise is still closed. We still do not have a date, but we can report that it does look like whatever they were doing in that extended queue back there. I don't see any crew or any sort of signs of work being done or, you know, halfway done or anything like that. Same over here on this side apart from the scrim, but I can't see them working on anything uh on, you know, through those edges and water is still in there. You obviously the boats are still in the water uh at the jungle cruise where the at the return, but where I saw crew working last week and the week before, I've not been able to see anything here. Everything looks normal. It looks like that they could be they could be done. They could be done. It's hard to say. So, we'll stand by at the Jungle Cruise, but for now, uh, we got to get back on the Pixar power run. I forgot to show you guys what's happening at Avengers Infinity Defense, which I mean, just like the weeks prior, not a lot that we can, you know, put an eye on and say, here's a thing that that is developing. Uh, as we mentioned, there's the the black scrim has been placed on the the rear exterior of the attraction, but we can still see what's happening from the Pixar Palaran, but it's there's not much to report on here, unfortunately. I can't even see anything on the ground down there. Uh, and it looks like situation is about the same on that far left side of things, too. Uh, where we were hoping to, uh, connect those two buildings together. Uh, you got some, uh, more developments here from Jumping Jellyfish. It looks like they've taken the scrimmage scaffold down. The the right side, the right tower is still closed. Uh they are still running at half capacity, but it is open and they are done with whatever they were doing on the tower itself. Meanwhile, Golden Zephyr, it was closed last week and the week before. It looks like it's back up and running. Guests are once again flying on the not Golden Zephers, the silver zephers. I know that there's a reason for that. I just like to make a joke about that. The wheel is spinning at Grizzly Riverrun. This is a great sign. When that wheel is spinning, that means there's water in the river, which is great. Uh, they have filled the water up, which means that they're done. That's that that's got to be that, right? I mean, what what else can we infer from water in the river than they are done? They haven't I haven't seen any rafts testing. I haven't seen any There were rafts in the water last week, but they weren't testing. Uh, in the the attraction is still closed. walls are still up and but water is back in the river again. We and we still don't have a date. They're definitely pulling some sort of big thunder thing here where we saw big thunder. We saw them testing trains and we know that when they're testing trains that means they're usually only like, you know, three, four, five days away from reopening. That's the last thing they do. So, uh I it's not 45 days from now. I know that. Uh but there's no date yet. Um, but definitely water in the river by the time we are back here next week, we'll see rafts and maybe it'll even be open. With that, let's go ahead and check that reverb calendar. Grizzly River Run, as we just mentioned, does not have a reopening date. Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind, they're giving a date. They're calling it March 22nd, but I've heard that before. I've heard that before and it didn't happen. Uh, but they're calling it March 22nd on the calendar, which is yesterday as you watch this. So, I don't know. We'll see. Uh, Toy Story Midway Mania closed, reopening on No, we don't have a date yet. I'm not going to talk about When we get a date, we'll have a better idea of what they're doing. But, but the question is, what are they doing? We're not sure yet. Silly Symphony Swings is okay, though. So, they're going to complete the trifecta of Golden Zephyr, Jumping Jellyfish, and now Silly Symphony Swings is going on uh the reverb calendar on April 27th. Uh, no known date yet, obviously. Uh over at Disneyland Jungle Cruise, as we mentioned, no known date yet there. Although I'm expecting, let's see. So, we'll call it 925, maybe. No, no, that can't be right. April. We're looking at April probably for Jungle Cruise. Uh Roger Rabbits is closing on March 30th. No known return date for that. As is Disneyland Montreal, the closing on the 30th. No known date for that as well. And then Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters closing on April 13th with uh no known return date for that as well. So that is the reverb calendar and I want to thank you guys for watching this week. I do hope you enjoyed this week's construction report. We'll see you next week. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. And first bake.
