---
video_id: xKlpIdSjeMw
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Rope Dropping with Family | Does it change strategy?"
published: 2026-03-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKlpIdSjeMw
---
We're known for our rope drop strategy, for having a very specific route and having a very specific timetable for each of those attractions. I'm often asked though, you know, what if what if what if I'm what if I got a family? What if I got a kid and a wife that I'm trying to get through the park as well? But what if I'm not alone and I'm just rushing through the park on my own pace? It's a fair point. We're going to work on that today. I brought my group, my family, Liz and my daughter Sophia, and I'm going to try to drag them through. >> Hey, good morning. Hi, guys. >> Morning. >> Our rope drop strategy. We're taking the route. The goal today is Space Mountain. >> If you get Matahorn, >> Big Thunder, she can't ride Indiana Jones yet, so we're going to skip that one. And then Rise of the Resistance. We're going to see if we can hit all four of those by 10:00 a.m. And look at that. It's almost already rope drop time. Hey guys, morning. Uh, it's almost already time for that rope to drop. It's 7:58. We are going to be at the back end. Oh my goodness. We're going to be at the back end of that Space Mountain queue. Okay. Are you guys prepared? >> I'm telling her the plan. You're >> prepared. >> She's excited. >> It's not going to be a casual casual morning. We're going to go for it. You guys listen. Just give me 2 hours. Just give me four, maybe five rides in those two hours and then you guys can do whatever you want. However, we made it on time. >> All right. You ready, honey? Ready to rope drop. Have you ever rope drop before? >> No. I think it's been a while. >> Baby's first rope drop. >> It really is actually. >> And somewhere up there, a rope is dropped. Let's go. You're going to want to around. >> This is going to be rough. >> This is going to be really, really rough. >> All your videos. >> Oh, thank you guys. Thank you. >> Uh, okay. So, they're going lightning lane, but uh, wow. So, this is not going to be our 12minute record. That's for sure. Um, we're looking at Well, I'm I feel like we're going to be lucky to get out of here by 8:30. Uh, so it's it's already Well, part of this though is the fact that we got off to a late start, you know, 7:58 instead of 7:30. But that is part of traveling with family is that you may not, you know, some of your goals may not be achievable as as though you were by yourself. Yeah, >> man. I got to tell you, this is such a different experience already. Already, it's such a different experience, going solo versus bringing your entourage and also getting here a little later. I feel like once we get going, once we get through Space Mountain, once we get through, you know, the primary part of the queue, I'm thinking maybe 8:30, uh, things will start, you know, we'll catch up to our normal routine. I still have hope that we will be getting into Rise of the Resistance before 10:00 a.m. That right there, babe, is a very good sign. >> It's a very good sign. >> Do you see them walking out like that? You see that? >> Yep. Thumbs up. >> That's a good sign. I told you once we get out of this once we get into single file, >> it'll be a little bit more like butter. >> Literally butter. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. That's not bad at all. I thought it would be I thought they'd be backed up out there. >> Well, no. I thought they'd be backed up in the in that first section. That's 810. >> So, I think I think we're doing okay. I think we're actually doing okay. >> Done late rope before where we've been stopped right here. So, >> this is going well. >> I spoke to I know. We were doing really, really well and then we came to complete stop. >> I spoke too soon. >> And now look at that. >> They got to do some They got to do some chain maintenance. >> The que's backed up. >> Wow. >> Okay, so now it's uh 8:14 out the door heading to the threshold to the interior. 8:14. During our record run in our last rope drop attempt, we uh we got done. We were done with Space Mountain at 8:12. I was in the espionade at 8:12. >> 8:18. We're having stops bouts of just standing still, which is not good at rope drop. Let me say now, let me also give our complete um plan, complete complete schedule. The goal was Space Mountain by 8:30. Matah Horn by 8:50 >> because I do think Matahorn will be able to look at through that quickly. >> Then Big Thunder by 9:35 and that actually easily gets us into Rise of the Resistance by 10. Of course, it's about a 10-minute walk. So, we'll be into the Rise Q. Getting into the Rise Q at 9:45. >> Okay. threshold. >> Yes. 8:25. Not great. 8:25. Not great. That means we will be out into the espionage by 8:35. So, we didn't even make the 8:30 or we won't make the 8:30 guess. We're going to We've lost 5 minutes, I think, on the even the conservative the conservative estimation of things. Uh, man, this is rough. That's 8:30 into our vehicle. Heat. Heat. The front is still nauseating. Oh my god. >> So your daughter >> Yeah. >> had her hands up the whole time. >> Did she? >> And she asked me if I was okay. >> Wow. Toby, you're so cool. >> Okay. I do not like the front. That is for sure. >> The front's the best seat. >> Yeah. >> Uh 8:36 into the common area here in Tomorrow Lane. 8:36 on our way to Mad Horn. So, we're we've lost 6 minutes so far. We are 6 minutes to the to the red on our predicted schedule, but I still think we're going to be good for a 10:00 a.m. arrival at Rise of the Resistance. >> Run right in. I can tell you I do not walk as briskly. I do not walk as briskly. >> Oh, Sophia. No, >> Sophia. >> Sophie's a little social butterfly. >> Oh my god. I'm just like this whole time I'm like, "Come on." I'm holding her hand and I'm like, "COME ON. COME ON. AND SHE'S LIKE, "DADDY, what's that?" >> I know. YOU'RE LIKE, "COME ON, WE GOT IT OFF." >> Good news is that we got here so late that they're running both sides at least. >> It is often >> horrible. >> No, this is not good. >> I mean, uh, we're not out here in tree lamp or we're not running the whole thing, but that's a pretty good size queue for uh 839. That's a good size queue. We're actually out here in wild space already because they haven't done any queue maintenance or I mean uh train maintenance. So this is going to be if we're lucky 20 minutes. No, it could be 20. Yeah, it could be 20. They're calling it 20. We're left of tree, but we're left a tree because they haven't filled in the back of the queue back there. If they had filled in the back of the queue back there, we would be close to ride a tree at least. But still, that's a very healthy queue for what is now 8:41 in the morning. There he goes. It's happening. Chains are being maintained. They've grown the queue around to the lamp up there. Hi guys. Chains are being maintained. >> Chains are being maintained. So, we are repping two awesome shirts right now. My hometown hunt. This is probably my favorite shirt of all time. It's actually my second shirt now from them cuz I loved the toast one and it was dying. I was like, I love the shirt. >> Me, too. It's one of the best. And then he has >> There's Pelpy. >> Pelpy. I just thought you would love that so much. So, yeah. uh on Instagram, Hotel um Hometown Hunts. We'll uh link a description, I think. Sure. Yeah. In the description box and I'll tag on Instagram. But they have awesome shirts. They have a gas on one that I might have to get. It's like muscle or something. Yeah. >> I need it. at home. Please observe the seating bag overhead. And once on board, be sure to put your hat, glasses, and any loose items in a secure place. That's 8:53. So 13 minutes, I think, all in so far. Not quite to the VIP yet. We made up a little bit of time. There we go. at 854 GS. Oh no. Oh, NO. All right. final. >> Remain seated, please. St. Thomas. >> I mean, this park is busy already, man. >> Which way we going? >> We're going to go this way. I'm so not used to rope drop being this hectic like crowdwise. Okay, so we did make up a little bit of time. There's 9:00 in route to Big Thunder, I'm figuring 30 minutes for Big Thunder, we should be fine as far as a 10:00 a.m. goal goes. Now, normally the goal is on rope drop to do five attractions, but because we're doing Rise, we're working Rise in because Indiana Jones I we can't take her on Indiana Jones being the little one down there. I don't know if you can see her. There she is. Um >> Oh, >> what? I'm sorry. >> No, it's okay. I'm just saying that's one of those things. Go ahead. >> No, she's asking what is that? I said back. >> Oh. Oh, I thought you had to go. >> No, no. >> Um, but there you go. That's that would be a thing. We're We I would wait till 10:00 a.m. >> to the restroom. >> Yeah. >> Um, but yeah. So, so we're going to That's why we're doing Rise today. But Rise, you know, once you get to Rise, that's pretty much your morning. That's the end of your morning. So, uh, but I don't want to get there too late. Anyway, so it's 9:00 a.m. I figure we're going to get to Big Thunder in about 3 or 4 minutes into the queue. I'm expecting 20 25 minutes there. Uh and then it's Yeah. And then it's rice. I do have to say though, overall the times that we've been losing is more about the late start than it is having Sophia and Liz with me today. I they're well Sophia she's doing pretty well actually. She's stay she's keeping up. She's marshalling along with us. She's, you know, if she falls behind, she runs and catches up. And she has not asked one time to do anything else. Although it helps, I guess, that she likes Space Mountain and she likes the Matter Horn and she likes Big Thunder. Uh, so that's not a problem. Um, but yeah, she's been she's been great so far. >> Big Thunder's down. >> Oh, it does sound down, doesn't it? Okay. Um, >> go to Rise. >> I guess we go to Rise then, but that's No, we can't. >> Uh, Haunted Mansion. >> Okay, let's go Haunted Mansion. >> Yeah. Okay, so pivot. Um, Big Thunder's closed. It's too early for rise cuz I want to do rise last. >> Good morning, guys. Uh, I want to do R should be the last thing you do for that 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. stretch. If you're going to choose rise, it should be the last ride you get on because it's going to take up a huge chunk of time. So, I don't want to do it now at 9:00 a.m. because then that's the last ride we do before 10:00 a.m. We won't get another one in. >> Uh, he said he want to do pirates, but is that too early for pirates? >> It's way No, no. You don't do pirates steering rope chop. That's a That's a whole different thing. >> Oh, I'm sorry. I ruined it. You're good. >> That's okay. We're going to do a speed We're doing a speed test later on for pirates. >> Okay. >> I want to I want to test left versus right, but that's a whole that's a separate thing. Um but anyway, so uh so we're going to go to Haunted Mansion. Uh we're going to hit Haunted Mansion. >> Hi. Good morning, guys. Hi, guys. How are you? >> Uh we're going to hit Haunted Mansion because we need a buffer in between. It's either that or Tiana's. Um, I mean, do you guys have a preference? >> Uh, >> it's a little chilly. >> Little chilly for Tiana's. Okay. All right. I imagine it is. >> Yeah. >> Well, this looks less than ideal at 9:05. >> Wow. We have uh once again, we're outside the threshold in Wild Space. It's posted 25 minutes. It probably won't be. They are going into Leota's Garden. This is busy for 9:05. My goodness. I've seen much shorter cues in this at 10. Owl. He's so pretty. >> 9:17 as we're about to enter the crypt parts. What is that like 13 minutes so far? Probably another 7 minutes in the crypt zone and then 12 15 minutes inside. So we're going to be looking at uh 24. Yeah, we'll be out of here by 9:40. I think 9:40 sounds right. Maybe 10 minutes in here. Maybe 9:45. in front of you. Step lightly. There's no time left to kill. >> And entering the mansion at 9:26. So that was what 19 minutes in the queue proper. And another, like I said, 10 or 12 minutes from here. So, yeah, we're going to make it to 41, >> 45. Sounds echo through the halls. Whenever Andrew, is this haunted room actually stretching? Mindful night unlivable here in this ghostly retreat. Every room has war to all creeps. Awaken the spirits with your tambourine. Crazy and crawlies toads and a hunter will be expecting me. I'll see you all a little later. Heat. Heat. Hitchhiking ghost. >> Oh no, a hitchhiking ghost. You to watch you until you return. Now I will raise your safety bar and the ghost will follow you. We've been dying. You're almost there. You're halfway there. Almost. >> So, all in. That was uh 30 minutes. All in for the Haunted Mansion. 30 minutes. 9:37 as we exit. Heading to Rise of the Resistance now. And uh I checked the tip board earlier and it said that it was 55 for Rise, which is not what it's not unexpected. I'm gonna check it again right now and see. >> Let's see. Uh it's a popular ride after the reopening obviously. >> Uh Star Wars Rise of Resistance is still 55 and that is the exact reason why you don't have to be in a hurry. Like we shouldn't like that's why I did Haunted Mansion in between Matah Horn and uh and Rise because it makes no difference. Once you don't rope drop it, it really doesn't matter what time you get there. So, you should do it last. Now, it's going to probably hopefully be better at this time in the morning at 9:45 than it will be at 1:45 or 2:45, but there's no rush. I mean, even if you do rope drop it, you're still going to wait 30 minutes, probably 25, 30 minutes. So, you don't actually save. This is why I don't rope drop it at all. Uh, you're going to save maybe 20 uh on that ride, whereas you're still get I mean, it's just not a huge It's not a huge savings. The hope though as we arrive is that it's still not too bad. They're not in section four, so that's good. I do see them though in section two at least, maybe three. I think that's section three over there. So, we are going to have a wait. Just the question is how much interference are we going to get with Lightning Lane? Yeah, they're in section 3. So, this is going to take us a little bit. But to try to, you know, put a bow on the thing, the point I was making earlier, you know, uh Liz had asked, well, should we just go to Rise now because Big Thunder's closed? No. Uh because you you don't achieve anything by doing that. But what you do lose in that because you want to hit these, you want to hit as many, you want to get into as many cues as possible before 10:00 a.m. 10 a.m. is when things start to change. That's when the park starts to change. Uh, you know, more people start coming in, you know, the the late morning crowd, etc. Meanwhile, the rope drop crowd hasn't left yet. Uh, still post the 55. The rope drop crowd hasn't left yet, but oh, that's a good size queue coming in. Uh, Lightning Lane is uh showing up here. But, uh, so, so 10:00 a.m. is about when things start to happen in the park. It starts to get a little bit more busy, starts to get a little more dense. So, you want to try to get in as many cues as possible before 10:00 a.m. So, if I get into this queue now, the rise queue at at at or if I had gotten in at 9:07, I would I it would cost me an hour. I would be in the queue or in the ride for an hour and I would get out at 10:07 if I had gotten in at 9:07. But now I've lost that. I have now surpassed that 10:00 a.m. benchmark by go by doing we actually technically we probably could have jumped into T. What was Tiana doing when he walked by? >> Oh, by the way, let's get a clock going. >> Oh, you did? Are you going to cry? Are you crying? Oh my god. >> Oh my god. >> You know. Okay. So, that's the second time today. You didn't hear it. I don't think it was. >> I don't even know if you knew that. I heard you say it. >> What? >> When we mixed at Space Mountain, she said 25 minutes to the mix point or to the threshold, I think you said. She observed that that's the point at which the clock kind of doesn't matter anymore. You've achieved whatever it is you're going to achieve. >> Yeah. >> If she could do it, anybody can do it. You can do it. Fresh baked. >> Well, no, cuz you don't care is what I'm saying. >> Okay. >> But you do it anyway. You don't. It's like it's not a it doesn't it's not a priority for you. >> You taught me well. >> I'm so proud of her. She's got a clock going. >> How long have we been in the queue? >> A minute. >> A minute. Anyway, what was I saying? Oh, yeah. So, we could have I would have not objected if we had gotten into the Tiana's queue. >> Uh, you >> what? Versus Hone Imagine or Rise? >> Rise. >> Why didn't you see something? >> Uh, cuz I wanted to get I wanted Yeah. See, Tiana is 5 minutes right now. >> Wow. >> So, you could have knocked that out, right? So, we could have knocked out Tiana's before. It would have been the same exact scenario. We would have spent 15 minutes in Tiana's, 5 minutes on the ride or 5 minutes in the queue, and 10 minutes on the ride. uh we would have spent 15 and then we would have been out of there at before 10 a.m. still, right? So that's that's a great strategy right there. Don't be in a hurry. This is becoming a what to do with Rise of Resistance video. Don't be in a hurry to get into the Rise Cube is what I'm saying. That's the bottom line. >> Make that video. >> No, it's not. It's the family thing. Okay. >> Uh I know you feel like I got to get in there. I got to get it going. If we don't do this, it's going to be it's going to be 2 hours. But it's just not. It's going to stay at 55 almost the whole day. It might get a little busier. The core message on that is the queue you find right now at what time is it? 9:45 is the same queue you would have found at 9:15. At 9, at probably even 8:45 or so. It's also going to be the same queue you're going to find uh most likely, you know, at 10:30. It starts to get a little busier. uh especially if it's, you know, if it's an impacted day, it starts to get a little busier at at noon, 1:00, etc. And then, you know, it eb and flows from there. But if you're here in the morning, I just say do it at your own leisure. Like, don't be in a hurry. Knock out as many cues as possible uh between 8:00 a.m. and 10:00 a.m. Even if it means, you know, putting off rides until later. >> They're pretty I know. It's a great It's a great show. 9:52. How long did you say 10 minutes we've been in this queue? >> It's only 12 minutes and 8 seconds. >> 12 minutes and 8 seconds. We're getting through almost completely through with section one. So that's about 13 minutes to get to the cave. Uh the cave is going to be 7 minutes. That's 20. And then another 17 minutes inside uh the interior queue. So that's going to be 37 minutes to the ray room total. and into the caves into the interior queue at 10 01. What's the time stamp on that? 20 minutes so far. Dude, believe it was exactly that's exactly the number when I called. >> Yeah, >> I said Yeah. Remember I said uh it would be 17 minutes in here and we would be at the rate room at 9:37. So if we hit I I think we're going to hit 17 minutes in here. >> 9:37 >> and that gets us to >> Well, 37 minutes. No, what I was saying 37 minutes, which uh is just 17 minutes from now. >> You said like 1020 >> 1020, right? But 17 minutes from now is 109, >> right? >> Yeah. I guess what I'm saying is video. You >> see that clock lady? >> We are on double shift starting in 1 hour. Yep. I'm impressed. >> See you later. into the ray room at 10:18. >> BB-8, is everyone assembled? >> Good. >> Roger, this is Black Leader. I hear you're a fine looking group of recruits. Well, no time to waste. Let's get you on your way to the general. >> I am Lieutenant Beck. As you heard from Ray, I have been tasked with getting you to Vicara. >> Red two, blue five, keep tight now. Let's get ready to make that jump to light speed on my walk. >> Is there anything we can do now? >> Cargo vessel TR141. You're now under the control of the First Order. You're to disembark the ship and prepare for interrogation. Now get out. >> Get out. Wow. >> How many air? Two to the right person. the resistance prisoners. >> You have what I want. >> You know the location of the secret base and I will take it from you. >> Right there. All right, recruits. We're the resistance. We're going to break you out. Make sure you have your colors memorized. Let's Let's go. Blue, you're in the front. very tell them it's a prisoner trans but ultimately hopeless there's nowhere to close you. Your escape rods came in a little off target. Thanks to your heroism, the location of the resistance base is secure. Bravo. >> Look at that. It is uh 10:38 and it's posted now at 80 minutes now. It says 80, but it looks like >> No, it's not the same queue. >> Oh, yeah. They have grown. It's out here in a section four now. So, we did get there just in time. >> Just in time. >> Is I think so. I was just going to say, I mean, the the the the the delays that we've been experiencing, the longer cues that we've been experiencing is more of a a result of us getting here at 8 >> or 758. >> It like it was like 757. Yeah. >> Yeah. Than it was uh But this is why you rope drop the rope drop. We didn't get that opportunity to say that's why you get here at 7:30 instead of 757. Uh that made a big difference. Uh but we still could have done that fifth ride. I think we could have got Tiana in there and it wouldn't have made any difference uh in our result here at Star Wars Rise of the Resistance. But at 10 >> 39 >> 10:39 I do feel like there are some it is a little bit more challenging obviously because you know uh Sophie >> especially Sophie >> has you know she's got her own plan. Uh, but if you just negotiate with them at first, you say, "Hey, look, just give me these two hours. Let's just rock these two hours and then you could do whatever nonsense you want to do from >> 10:00 a.m. to 12." But in terms of just her keeping up, she did great. >> She did awesome. You did awesome today, baby. >> Just well enough. Well, more than well enough. She did great. So, I am not the least bit dissuaded uh about, you know, how how this would affect your plans uh for a rope shop morning. And I think you can do it, too. Fresh bake. You can do it, too. That is our show today. That is our rope drop morning. We still got a little bit more work to do, but uh we're going to see you guys in the next episode. And be sure obviously to stay tuned for our u if you haven't already for our Element video soon. >> Uh we're here today because uh we were hosted at Element the uh the It's Weston, right? >> Yeah. >> Barrett or Marriott Bond Boy. >> Weston. It's a whole bunch of names. Yeah. >> Uh it's down the street around the corner and over there by Garden Walk. Uh, we had a delightful time. We >> did. It was awesome. >> It's a really It's a really fantastic hotel. But watch out for that video as well if you missed it. And uh, we'll see you in the next episode, guys. Thanks for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh baked. >> Fresh bake. Say bye, Fresh Baked. Bye, Fresh Bake. >> Nailed it.
