---
video_id: TeOwOQ8XH68
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Disneyland's New Toy Story Bus System Explained"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeOwOQ8XH68
---
On April 1st, the ART bus line ended. Out of business. Uh this is the bus line that served hotels around the Disneyland Resort on Harbor and on Katella, and it also served those guests parking at the Toy Story parking lot. Those blue buses are gone today, and now we're left to find out what answers Disney has for the situation, as well as all the various hotels around the Disneyland Resort. We're going to find out what Disney did for those Toy Story guests, and we're going to find out if the service is the same. Has it Has it improved? Is it worse? The Disney question is probably pretty easy. What about hotel guests? What about the hotel guests out there on Katella and Harbor? How are they going to get to the park? Who's going to get a bus, >> [laughter] >> and who maybe is walking to Disneyland? We're going to help to answer at least some of those questions, and I'm going to start that story by getting on this bus right here. Well, the first thing that we can obviously check off the list of things that have happened as of April 1st, and that is bus service has not been interrupted here at Toy Story lot. Bus service is business as usual, just with a different array of buses. I had actually contemplated the idea that maybe Disney would purchase the ART line, the buses from the ART line, and just incorporate those into some sort of use, although that they wouldn't be doing that if they were subcontracting that service out to another agency. Having said that, these buses, they are not the ART buses, obviously. What they do appear to be are the cast member buses, the cash shuttles. Uh we see these often. We already have for a long time in in I I You can tell these are exactly the same buses as they use for these cash shuttles, just with the different band, you know, that blue band around the around the waist of the bus itself. So, they just they just redressed cast buses, which means they had some surplus. That also suggests that Disney didn't contract this out, perhaps, although they probably had to hire new drivers, but that it does suggest that they're managing this on their own now. The ART bus was something that Disney paid into. They paid for that service, and you know, the the city of Anaheim provided it. With that gone now, with city Anaheim out of the picture, Disney's just going to do it themselves. Having said all that, the Toy Story bus line was actually probably the easiest difficulty to overcome, the easiest situation to solve, because uh it's just the one location. It's just the Toy Story lot. Get buses in, get buses out, fill them with people. No problem, easy peasy. The question that I had had since the beginning was, okay, that's, you know, I I That's done. What about there's 45 hotels around here. All of them were Well, not all about all of them, but most of them were utilizing the ART bus in some capacity. Uh some buses had their own service, which we'll see in a little bit, I think. Uh but there's a lot of hotels now that aren't exactly across the street. They're They're not all the Del Sol Inn or the Camelot. Uh there are some that are quite a ways away. Garden Grove was the first uh city they stepped up. They said, okay, uh ART line's going down. Garden Grove, we're going to We're going to create our own bus line. Uh the city of Garden Grove said, all those hotels that are sort of generally facing uh the Disneyland property in the sense that they are you know, the guests who are staying there are probably going to Disneyland. Uh they identified 11 of those buses or I'm sorry, they identified 11 of those hotels. The Sheraton Garden Grove, Hyatt Regency Orange County, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Delta Hotels by Marriott, that's the Anaheim Garden Grove, Anaheim Marriott Suites, the Hilton Garden Inn Anaheim Garden Grove, Homewood Suites by Hilton Anaheim, Main Gate area, Residence Inn Anaheim Resort, uh Great Wolf Lodge, we pretty far away there, Hampton [laughter] Inn and Suites. Those 11 uh hotels are going to be served by a single line, a Garden Grove tourism district line of buses or shuttles, as it were. Uh in what capacity, you know, how you know, how many of those are going to be serving and and that what their routes might be are undetermined. That's something also that we're going to find out when we get back to the park and look into the transportation hub and see how that's working out there. But that was viewed by some as, oh, okay, there's our solution for the ART line out there on Harbor and Katella and all that, except that's only Garden Grove. That's only 11 hotels out of I don't I can't even I don't even know how many. There are so many. There are many, many hotels around here, all within varying degrees of distance from the park. Some of them possibly are walkable. Uh for example, what about the Manchester hotels back there? What about the hotels uh Manchester, you know, like the Howard Johnson? There's another, you know, four, five hotels back in that area. I think they might be walking. And I say that because we have another consortium of hotels that have gotten together to provide their own services. This group is calling themselves the Anaheim Resort Campus. These include the Anaheim Hilton, Anaheim Marriott, Sheraton Park Hotel at the Anaheim Resort, and the Clarion Hotel Anaheim. For those wondering which those are, we can see two of them from right here in the Toy Story parking lot, the Anaheim Hilton and the Anaheim Sheraton. Now, these are I mean, if you're in the Toy Story lot right here, I walk to the park all the time from Toy Story, so those aren't even difficult. Uh you could easily make those walk, but they're trying to serve their guests. Those two and two more uh are getting their guests via a shuttle, a single shuttle serving all four. They're probably doing a route. You know, speaking of which, on that note, let's actually get back to the transportation hub. Let's go back to the transportation hub and see how what we know so far is playing out there. Let's see how frequently the buses are coming in, how many of them, what kind of service uh is the Toy Story line providing for guests? Is there any uh disruption in terms of the number of buses uh bringing guests in and out, cuz that was one of my concerns was, what if Disney didn't want to have the same, you know, scope, scale of of or buses bringing guests in? Will they Will that create an enormous backup here at Toy Story? I guess all we need to do is come out to the transportation hub, the not long for living transportation hub, to see what kind of effect or what the seat what the situation here is with bus transit into the parks, because it is a hodgepodge now of of various kinds of of entities. Middle section, right? And so, here we've got this one is from the Majestic Garden Hotel, which is way over there on the other side of Ball. Uh well, uh well, over there by the where you where you enter uh the the Mickey &amp; Friends parking structure. So, you've got that one. You've got a Howard Johnson here, which is looking a little worse for wear. I'm not sure if they've always had this this shuttle or not, but it looks like it's been parked in hibernation. Maybe they've even recycled it, because there's some faded uh text on the image behind that Howard Johnson sign. I feel like that's not standard. This is the newest one. This is the newest uh uh addition. This is the Anaheim Resort Campus shuttle. The Hilton Anaheim, Marriott Anaheim, Sheraton, and Clarion hotels have come together. This is a new line. This was not here. Definitely, that was not here just 3 days ago. These two buses right here are the Grove District Transit buses. You may have heard about this. We talked about this in a previous update that there was a a consortium of 11 Disneyland sort of, you know, facing hotels, I guess, but they are actually in Garden Grove, not Anaheim. So, this service is connecting 11 different Garden Grove-based hotels out here on Harbor Boulevard for the most part. Uh so, that's a new addition. This is a new um something This is a reaction. This is an adjustment made due to the ART buses shutting down. And there again, there's a couple of the uh Toy Story only buses. These buses are going to Toy Story only. Uh >> [snorts] >> I guess varying degrees of >> [laughter] >> theming on the bus. Some have none. That's got a little Disneyland banner through the middle part. There's a third bus. So, uh the question that we were having is, how many buses will they be serving at Toy Story? Will this affect Toy Story lot's performance? So, there's bus number four, and bus number five. So, they've got five buses in the lot now. Boy, I don't I wonder where they got these buses from. Here comes number six. Now, one is leaving now. It still leaves just five here. Now, there are four here, but that is six unique buses at least so far. I don't know how long how long we're going to be able to estimate that, because we are losing two. Is that bus 20? I think that's I don't know if those are the numbers or not. That's also 20, so we can't use that as an identifier. Uh so, two have left. Although, I would say it takes probably 25, 30 minutes probably for them to make a round trip. So, I could sit here for 25, 30 minutes and kind of get an idea. We're at six right now. A new bus has entered the chat. Hyatt Regency has their own bus coming into the coming to the park as well. I just I wonder how, you know, long the wait is for these. Like, this Anaheim Majestic bus has been here now parked for a good 10 minutes at least. Now, when he came in, he was completely full. And that's just for one hotel, so I have to imagine that they'll stay here for a good 15, 20 minutes and wait for guests to come uh either at the hotel or back here on the way out. Oops, here comes another new one. That's a school bus, ladies and gentlemen, that somebody has >> [laughter] >> That's a school bus. Meanwhile, there's number seven. That's one of those with the Disneyland banner on there. That's number seven. I'm timing this. I'm going to wait out here for about 15 minutes and see how many unique buses I see. Meanwhile, I do not know who this school bus is, but that is just a fascinating fascinating development. Uh that it may just be actually a school bus. That may not be a hotel. That's bus number eight right there. The Toy Story. Let's see if I can get a closer look on this one. Uh okay, let's see. That is another Anaheim Majestic bus. Interesting. Also, bus number nine has come in. There's bus number 10. So, then there's bus number 11. So, that's 11. Here comes another one. Hey, I'm a big fan. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Uh that's number 12. So, that's at least 12 unique buses so far at the Toy Story lot. That's comforting. I just can't believe >> [laughter] >> that the Majestic needs this bus and the school bus. Man, I'm I'm dying. Now, I've got the clock going. It's been going now for about 4 and 1/2 minutes. Uh obviously, we were running before that. We've been uh out here catching buses at the you know, the Toy Story drop-off for just under 9 minutes. Uh so, I would say we can safely observe this for 20 minutes. I don't think you could do better than a 20-minute round trip. 10 minutes each way. I don't think they can do better than that. That's probably being really generous that they could do. That's probably closer to 30. Here comes bus number 13. Uh so, and then here comes bus number 14. One more here. Uh so, what we're trying to determine is just how how How can we compare this level of service to what we were getting with the ART system? 14 buses in I'm going to lie. 14 buses in 10 minutes seems like a lot. That seems like a lot to me. I've never had the occasion to to count how many buses are coming in uh you know, back in the day of the regular Toy Story route with the ART buses. I don't know how 15. Here comes number 15. [music] So, but I have to think that that compares favorably. I have to think that's at least near to or similar to the amount of service we would get, especially considering, you guys, that it's uh 10:00 in the morning. That's going to you know, 10:00 in the morning that's the time where there's a lot of you know, that's a lot of traffic. This is peak time. Now that I think about it, this is peak time. Uh I was thinking it isn't, but it is. 10:00 is the is one of the busiest times of the day for guests coming into the park. So, Toy Story should be absolutely bonkers right now. I would love to see what the lot looks like. We'll go check in on the Toy Story uh bus or what that queue looks like out there in a little bit. Or we might have already. I'm not sure because I'm shooting inside of order. We'll have to wait and see. Bear with me. Here comes the Candy Cane Inn. Now, this is not a new entrance. Uh this is The Candy Cane Inn has always had their own bus line. So, that is not a new development. There goes Majestic. He did not wait as long as the other Majestic bus did. The school bus is going back to the Anaheim Resort School District to finish its other service perhaps. But uh the other Majestic bus has stayed behind. By the way, I have I just realized left. I left before I finished my clock. It's now nine. We've been out 15 minutes since we've been out here. 16 17 That's a still a fair amount of buses and we still have on that clock I'm going to say another five five to 10 minutes of of buses left to come in here. At that point, I feel like it's safe to estimate 20 25 buses are coming into the park right now. 20 Yeah, I would say 20 to 25 buses is a safe bet. Maybe more. Mystery bus coming in. No indication. No badges on that one. Interesting. That is not a resort bus. That's a commuter link bus. Okay, I don't know where to I don't know how to classify that one. That's at least 18. The clock is about ready to stop. I I wasn't watching while I was filming something else for the construction report. So, I may have missed a couple, but that's at least 18 right there. All right, this is cool. Okay, so I did a little construction work out there. I spent 10 or 15 minutes on Harbor. In that time, the Majestic Hotel bus has left and come back. So, it's been about 15 minutes. He left while I was gone and he just rolled up as I have come back and that is what looks to be a maybe a half full bus right there for the Majestic. That is just one hotel that it's serving here. And it's at about what is it now? 10:00. Let me see. 10:29. And also a Hyatt Regency bus has made its round trip. And two Garden Grove buses are back. So, I think they have just the two. That's going to be my guess right now is that it's just these two. I think they have been here and come back already. Well, maybe not because if they're not doing If they're doing 11 stops, well, it's got to be ridiculous, guys. Maybe you shouldn't stay at Garden Grove. It's 11. Are they stopping at every stop? On all 11? So, Man, even if they have multiple, you still have to your your trip back to or from your hotel is going to have 11 stops. That's worse than Caribbean Beach at Walt Disney World, which has like six stops on it. Uh for all the different little bungalows that they Oh my gosh. So, that's uh Garden Grove is doing their best, but man, I don't know. I don't know. Unless they've got unless they've got multiple, but maybe three or four buses and then each one takes two or three hotels. That's That seems reasonable, actually. That seems a little better. There, by the way, is the Clarion and the Marriott is right behind that. So, those are the four that are being serviced by that one. Uh that one group of four, Clarion, Marriott, Hilton, and the Sheraton. So, my assumption then would be that the route is there's only one stop. They'll probably pick people up right there at the turnaround. A little further away down Harbor Boulevard, the DoubleTree right here, the Ramada, Best Western, whatever that is back there. I don't even know what that is. Courtyard by Marriott, I think. I I don't know. I can say that Google Maps says we're about 2 and 1/4 miles from the entrance to Disneyland. Now, that I mean, on the one hand, that doesn't seem like a lot, but on the other hand, that is a lot. That's a lot, especially if you're coming back and you've just spent 12 hours, 16 hours at Disneyland after the fireworks, you fought all those crowds, and then you got to walk not just a mile, but 2.3 miles to get to the Ramada by Wyndham, Courtyard by Marriott, or wherever [laughter] the hell we are, DoubleTree. Uh this is not a situation I'd want to be in. I would not want to be walking here. So, I would I I I hope they have I don't know if they did before. Did they have Were they part of the ART line? I don't know. Meanwhile, all the way down at Katella and Anaheim Boulevard, you've got the Hampton Inn &amp; Suites, Peacock Suites, Cambria, now known as the Anaheim Resort Suites, and a whole bunch more down that way on Anaheim Boulevard. There's like 10 hotels here. I I've got I've stayed here and I've walked it, although there was a bit on my on the edge of my uh you know, I was pretty fatigued when I got back here. I was advised when I made that video that the ART bus line did service this section this this area of hotels, which would not surprise me. Obviously, that's no longer the case. We don't know what's going to happen here. I do know that there's an OC bus line that that stops right here. You can see the bus stop right there. That does That does go to Disneyland, but I don't know what the schedule is. You'd have to do a little research to find out what the schedule is. It's not a dedicated line just for hotel guests just to go to Disneyland. It's part of a broader Anaheim bus line, but that is possible from here. Back here again at the Toy Story lot. It is 1:45 in the afternoon. Not the same scenario that we saw at 10:00 10:00 a.m. We didn't get We couldn't see both, right? We can't see what the what the bus situation looks like at the park at 10:30 a.m. while also seeing how it looks here at the at the loading area, but I can tell you this looks very positive. Now, I would be I would caution you if you were interested in in seeing people's reactions on social media, I have already seen a couple posts. People sitting here shaking their fists upset at the backup that they found and they were blaming it on the Toy Story line or that you know, the change that's happening here in the buses, but I'm here to say I don't see anything like that. I don't We I'm I'm guessing at least 20 buses. That was at least 20. And right now, I'm seeing 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven buses here right now at 1:45 in the afternoon. Here comes number eight. There are a crap ton of buses for this time in the afternoon. Way more buses than they need. So, now that's probably not going to be the case permanently. It will become the case and they're going to figure out how many buses they need. I'm kind of shocked that they didn't already know this if they didn't. But they'll figure out and you know, this will thin out and they'll they'll be able to work out how many buses they're supposed to have. You know, it's kind of not so busy in the middle of the day, super busy in the morning, super busy at like 5:00, 6:00, and then progressively as the night wears on, got to have a lot of buses then. Uh but you don't need so many now. But I don't think one thing I could say for sure at least is that they're not underrepresented here. That could change in the future, they could figure things out, they could thin things down. They want to They want to come out strong. Disney wants to come out strong here at the Toy Story parking lot and put on a good show and make sure people are comforted by the fact and that's what I'm reporting now. I am comforted by what I'm seeing so far here at the Toy Story lot uh and and that bus line. I I got no uh I got no trouble at all with what's happening here. So, in the big picture, what does that mean for guests trying to get to Disneyland? Toy Story lot is fine. Toy Story lot is handled. We know the Garden Grove hotels are more or less handled, although I don't know how efficient those buses are going to be uh for those 11 hotels that they're trying to serve. Uh the Anaheim hotel campus, I think I can't remember the name was. Those four Those four hotels seem to be okay. Individual hotels are handling it on their own like the Majestic and the Regency, uh Candy Cane Inn, etc. What about the you know, there's probably still a dozen or more hotels that have been not represented here. If you're wondering what's going to happen with those hotels, How's it going? Uh if you're wondering, I would say uh if you already Let's say you already had a hotel booked, call them up. Ask them, "What do you guys Are you guys doing anything? Are you providing any kind of service to get guests into uh into the parks? Uh if not, what do you recommend? Can you walk? How far is the walk? I would say anything inside of the Toy Story parking lot towards Disneyland is walkable. It's a little over a mile, I think. It's not that bad. You know, when you start getting outside of the Toy Story lot on this end, that starts to get to be a pretty good hike. Uh anything on the other side of uh Orangewood, right? So, Orangewood is probably maybe even not Well, yeah, Orangewood is probably the limit on this side. I On the opposite side, like where the Majestic is, you don't want to walk from the Majestic. >> [laughter] >> So, I'm hoping If you're parking over there by the Majestic, ask. Ask if there's if there's a bus service there because you do not want to walk from that area. The ball where the down where the uh downtown or the Mickey and Friends parking lot is, you know, where you turn in to go to Downtown Disney or that parking lot, you don't want to be walking from there. Uh that's because you're going up a hill. You're going up two hills. You got to cross over two freeways. Nasty work that nasty work. Uh but just again, if you're concerned, just call your call your whatever hotel you're at and ask them. Maybe even do that, I would say, before you make your reservation uh and find out if there's, you know, what solutions they might have because that could affect that could affect uh your choice if you want to maybe stay at a different hotel. I don't I think, you know, Disney's saying, "We're good. Toy Story lot's good. I hope you guys can figure it out for yourselves, the other hotels." It's not like Disney's responsible for them and that sense uh they they art line was not a Disney Well, Disney was on the board, but they didn't run it or manage it. So, uh that that's always been the case. It's always been the case that the other hotels were on their own. Uh hopefully they will come through and provide some kind of service for for those guests. Again, especially for those that are not within walking distance or where it gets a little sketchy. Um stay tuned. We're going to keep following this. We're going to keep track. We're going to be doing a lot of recon here. I'm probably going to be doing another test to find out, you know, many tests, many cycles in the morning, rope drop, 10:00 a.m., noon, etc. Find out what that pace is like, you know, if it if there's any sort of slowdown in uh the number of buses and how long it takes to get people processed. Uh so, stay tuned to FreshBaked on that. We've got you covered. We'll be here routinely to follow up on this. Until next time, guys. Thanks for watching. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Ride the bus. FreshBaked.
