---
video_id: agoilgAnKMY
channel: FreshBaked
title: "This scene has me completely baffled | Disneyland Construction 2026-02-27"
published: 2026-03-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agoilgAnKMY
---
Scrims are up on Main Street, which doesn't look great, but there's a great reason why it's happening. Meanwhile, I've got a theory about what's happening on Catella. While the street demo on a harbor has hit a fascinating new phase. Why are these here? We'll get to everything, but let's first check out those main street scrims. If you're not sure, you're looking at the Carnation Cafe right there on the far left of those scrims set up. I mean, very impressive construction walls and scrim setup here. That's Carnation Cafe. Uh, and they have uh they put walls up, which is unusual. Usually it's just scrim and scaffold, but they've got walls up. But you can tell, but obviously the stores are still open. This is the Gibson girl. Surprise. That's the Gibson girl. Here's the Penny Arcade. Uh, you can still walk in and out here. Everything is working just fine. Uh, most likely this is just, you know, paint and polish, but I love that Disney does this. But I feel like it's a signal that Disney is still very much interested in the guest experience in preserving show, preserving a high quality standard, not just for the rides, but just in the in the everyday experience that you take for granted as you walk down Main Street. And that scrim and scaffold and construction walls, they stretch all the way over to to Refreshment Corner. Not quite. It doesn't cover refreshment corner, but just shy of it. And like I said, I know it doesn't look great. As a matter of fact, I heard a few guests lamenting while I was shooting this on Main Street lamenting the fact that this was even here that that it was done. But I I'm telling you, it is absolutely vital, absolutely necessary that they do this in order to preserve that distinctive edge that Disney holds over other theme parks and other competitors. that they that the details matter, that that the appearance and cleanliness of the of not just the park, but of the exteriors and, you know, the upkeep of the rides, the the the attractions are going through or have been going through a much more vigorous maintenance standards than they have in the past. I know people like to say that the rides are closing often, uh, but it's actually considerably better than it was in years past, and it's still getting better today as, you know, as the days and weeks progress. loving this commitment to Main Street and keeping it looking fresh and new year after year after year. Now, let's switch gears. We'll head back out to Harbor Boulevard for a story to be watching very closely. They have been closing off these walking paths uh into Disneyland from Harbor Boulevard. And today, the Scrim Scaffold were down uh on that corner of the intersection of Disney Way and Harbor. And I found something very very it's very interesting, fascinating to me. Uh we were wondering what all this time what they've been digging here. And now we've got this arrival. These uh safety ballards have popped up. I saw the plates in the ground a couple days ago before they had put the ballards up. Uh and these things have arrived in the last day or two. And the configuration is is interesting. Well, obviously, okay, safety ballards are for public safety, for, you know, where the where guests might, you know, have more likelihood to interact with vehicles on the street, you put in these safety ballers, especially where people are going to be standing at these intersections. Large amounts of people standing at these intersections. Uh, but what's confusing me is the configuration of these ballards. And see how they they curve right towards that walking path. So that's going to be in the way of the guest path here. Those ballards kind of get in the way of traffic flow. Are they going to keep that path, that guest path to the left? If not, it asked the question, if this isn't for guest safety specifically because why then block traffic? Why then make it more difficult for guests to access that that that walking path? What is it that they're protecting? And I feel like there's been a large focus in this area of getting uh supplying power obviously to to the new areas of the park to the to the transportation hub for the eventual Avatar. Have they buried something down here and they want to protect whatever it is they have installed and what they've been working on, what they've been burying here because I know that there is utility being done here. I've seen guys working on electrical uh on this site. Is this multifaceted? is is are these ballards meant to protect not just guests but whatever it is that they've installed on this side and on the opposite side. And just to put a bow on that, uh you can see that they're obviously happening on the opposite side of the street as well, too. These are a little higher. Those are higher and they also wrap around. These are a little lower. That's interesting. And then uh yeah, they're all set, but they're fascinating. What could that be for? Let's cross the street. They've done exactly it's symmetrical. They've done exactly the same thing on the left side as we approach as they have done on the right. Uh all those ballards are up and there's that guy doing the electrical work there. So the the I guess like I said the the reason why I'm hedging on on what their what their purposes is because they exist in places where there wouldn't be guests. I have crossed this intersection a thousand times and I have never stood behind those ballards. I'm going to be standing in front of them as I wait for traffic to pass. As I wait for my turn, I'm not going to be standing behind those ballards. I'm standing in front of them here where that traffic signal is. That's where I'm going to be standing. So, I don't I can't imagine unless they reroute the guests into a different direction. I can't imagine that's strictly speaking guest safety. From this angle, you can see it again. There's there's the walking path, right? You we're going to walk in front of those ballers. We're going to walk up to them. Yes, they're in front of us, but as we approach the intersection, most of the guests are going to accumulate right at curbside. We're going to get our answers in the coming weeks, as has been the case, uh, you know, throughout this past couple of months of construction. Every week is a new story. Uh, we're going to get our answers in the coming weeks to see how this develops. this this project should be wrapping up fairly soon. I would think they just now need to put the concrete back and, you know, restore everything to the way it was. I think they've achieved most of the construction uh or the development, whatever it is that they're trying to do and now they can start, you know, buttoning things up. Very very interested to see what's going on here. This what's going to this is going to tell us a lot about uh what's happening uh in the near future or in the distant future with regard to uh Avatar and Disneyland Forward. With that in mind, let's go over to Catella Avenue to see what they're up to over there. Another week, guys, another week to be super excited about what's happening out here at the Disneyland Resort. Uh we're looking at uh we got visible fences on the way, I believe, as we make our way down to Disneyland Drive. More action happening on Harbor Boulevard. Uh looking forward to seeing what progress they made at uh Indiana Jones with a deck. Who knows what other mysteries might reveal themselves today. This is why I love doing construction reports. This is why I love walking down Catella Avenue. Let's get going. >> Taking that usual walk up Catel Avenue, not looking at paint today. Today my focus has shifted upward to the skies, to those power lines up there. I'm not sure why it is that it it caught my attention this week just like the pain in the bushes did in the weeks past but those power lines run the length of Cella Avenue backstage behind Incredic Coaster and Raider Springs Racers etc. No power lines on the opposite of street. Uh the city of Anaheim has long buried those lines that were out here that that happened a while back. But these power lines still exist. And I have a theory. I'm working on a theory that that's the reason why they the why we're seeing such extensive use of, you know, all that markings, the pink markings on Catella Avenue. Uh trying to figure out where power is, etc. where all the utility things are for some purpose, right? Uh, I have a theory that they could be thinking about burying those power lines because the arrangement of the future Disneyland backstage area is in flux. It's changing. What used to be backstage may not be backstage anymore. Uh, what used to be trees aren't trees anymore. Obviously, that's already happening on Disneyland Drive. Meanwhile, as part of Disney's agreement with the city of Anaheim, they have committed $85 million to improving how hospitable everything is out there on the the park perimeter, Catella Drive or Catella Avenue and Disneyland Drive. They've committed $85 million to improving uh the streets. Is it not unreasonable to think that the power lines here could be involved? And they and again we've reached they they they run all the way to Disneyland Drive and actually beyond that. You can cross the street and they re they reach into the Simba parking lot as well. This though is something that's going to take years to sus out. I we're not going to see any signs of this anytime soon, I don't think. Uh so I don't I'm not sure if this is a thing we can track on a weekly basis on these construction reports. Uh but I'm just going to plant the seed that it's possible that that could be something that is in play. I mean, it's impossible. That's why they're reconfiguring that fence and why that fence turned left as we'll get to in a, you know, later on when we get on the Pixar Pal or Pixar Place Hotel. I was wondering why are they because why have two fences? Why? Why turn that fence left where it was and then keep the other fence? It's a good question. Let's get back on the ground, though. Let's get back in the ground and take a look at what's happening on the ground. I want to take this opportunity to remind you guys of our preferred travel affiliate, Getaway Today. They are our they are great travel partners. They help us out with a lot of trips. If if you were digging the scene that you're finding right now at Disneyland, if you're like if you're watching our videos and you're saying, "Oh my gosh, you know, the the the park is going through so much change. I want to see it. I want to be there and witness some of that." If you're watching our videos on on, you know, Wednesdays and on a rainy day and you're like, "Oh my god, I love what David's doing out there. He's having so much fun in the parks. I want to participate in the magic and wonder that is Disneyland. What do I do? Well, you call Getaway Today. Uh you could you plan your trips. You go in Disneyland, Walt Disney World, Alani Cruises, you name it. If you just want to buy tickets, you can buy tickets from Getaway Today. You don't even have to book a hotel with them. You can just buy the tickets. The reason why you do that is because while Disney doesn't, they do have a a refund policy on their tickets. So, use the link in description to make your plans with Getaway Today. Let them know we sent you. And I hope you guys have a great trip. I don't see last week we spotted that the fence was turning left into this direction here. Uh I don't see that fence present here. So it must be behind that tree line. But what we do see this week cars parked back there. Now uh and it's the same sort of setup we had like there with the the dirt etc covered by the tarp uh and then whatever that thing was underneath there. Uh by the way there is also a tree marked. They have marked a tree. Why that is, I'm not sure. Uh that tree is that's either to save it or remove it. One of those two most likely. Uh but nothing really new developing here as far as that goes. I don't see any new developments uh with the fence here. What I can see though, there's that fence. Now, was that chain link fence there before? I Oh, I can see that they've constructed some uh horizontal steel there on that fence, but I don't know if that chain link was there last week. I'll have to check in post. That's very fascinating. Fascinating all this space. And then as we were just discussing, right now we are almost directly under those power lines and we're not inside the the park perimeter, the fence, you know, not not just this fence, but the but the fence up there, the new fence that they're building. Let's see if we can't put eyes on that fence uh and where it stops and where it turns. And it's right there at that banner, that vertical banner there. You see now that's where the g that's where the fence turns left and starts heading backstage if it continues. Um we'll have to wait and see. Right now it's stopping at that backstage area where the cocoa attraction is going to go. There it is again. Uh and you can see that you can see the left turn there as well. Uh those those black vertical poles right in the middle of the frame. So it's there's a lot of real estate between where that fence turns and the corner. Looks like we got some crew out there. I've noticed, by the way, that it feels like they are trimming those sort of uh naked uh leafless trees right there. Those are going to play a factor later on when we start looking at from the Pixar Palace parking structure. But there's a guy working on that fence down there. And again, the fence has gone over to uh the left side where the uh backstage area entrance was. And there's the full length of things as we watch it go all the way down near to the corner of Disneyland Drive and Catella. Let's go up to the Pixar Palace parking structure. I'm going to freak out a little bit as I I'm a little bit of afraid of heights. Okay, so uh they they put up what I those could be forms a maybe the beginning of a form. It is those are forms around the the vertical supports for the fence it looks like or the beginnings of that. They're going to fill that up with concrete probably uh to you know create a solid base for those. I I'm I'm assuming we'll have a better shot to show you what I mean in a little bit. Uh but so that's that's begun. Still no interruption, you guys. Still no interruption with the landscaping back there. It makes me second guess everything about all those what were those ribbons there to be why were those ribbons there? if they're not going to take out those trees, if they're I what? Maybe they will still. Maybe when they're done, they'll they'll take out the rest of that landscaping back there. But it's quite fascinating to uh see that they haven't done anything with that. Now, let's go take a look at that where that fence is turning left. And here's something that I that I noticed but didn't mention last week. There's a gap, a large gap between the far right pole and the one next to it to its left where where they're like there's three in a row right there. Then there's a huge gap and then another one. Why is there a gap? I don't know. These are questions that I ask when I'm doing things. I'm observing that there's a reason for everything. Everything has a reason. There's a reason and a purpose. I'm just curious. What is the reason? Are they going to build a gate? maybe a swinging gate there that they can open unlike, you know, when we get down to uh the backstage entrance where they're not doing that. But okay, so let's take a look where this wide shot. I'm trying to imagine if that fence will run further along that backstage area because those buildings, well, I'm not sure if they're staying or going now. I'm unsure of anything at this point. But if those buildings are are being taken, is that why they need a fence back there as well? Okay, this is what I'm talking about. See that? Those are formed where there's a gap where those wooden, you know, that's a form. I I'm I'm assuming. And they're going to fill that up with concrete and create, you know, a base for uh for that fence to happen. So, this is going to be a very sturdy very sturdy fence. Also, notice, as I mentioned, no gap here in that fence. There's no gap like there is on the other side. So that's not going to be there's no possibility for a gate there. That is going to be pure fence. No gate, no nothing. You can't fit no cars through that space at any point. Not even if they built a gate. Uh so I'm, you know, I'm curious what what's going to happen with that road. And so if that road is unnecessary, that becomes eligible for future park. But then you also have to take all that landscaping as well. Every week, every week is a new story. Uh looking here from Pixar Place Hotel. just kind of checking out from time to time various locations around the parking structure or parking lot to see if there's any paint. None. I couldn't find any. And that's what I'm talking about with, you know, mysteries. And every week something new is developing. And I and I don't know what's going to happen next week either. And it it it sort of heightens and increases the storyline that's that's going on. Like there's so many questions every time. Every week something new develops that asks a new question. I just the the now I'm now now I'm fascinated with those power lines. Like if they really are if they are trying to expand the boundaries of the park or if they're trying to expand the boundaries of Catella Avenue and Disneyland Drive. In either case, I I think something needs to be done. Something that those that that question has to be answered the power lines because you don't want to have those right there on the street, nor do you want to have those inside the park perimeter. I mean, they've got power lines already backstage also on Harbor. You can see power lines back there on the other side where Avengers Campus is, but I don't see them doing anything in that regard. I don't see them moving uh I don't see them doing any sort of prep to bury those lines. But then again, they're not trying to expand those park boundaries on that side of the park. Fascinating. I mean, I could be way off here. I could, but it's just fascinating to think about. We're just getting started today. All right. Well, uh, we're on our way in. And so last week, okay, so two weeks ago, we were saying they were sending gifts this way. They said, "Go this way, you guys, if you're trying to get to the park." And then last week, we we saw this sign, which is great. Sign's good, but the arrow was pointing that way, which, by the way, nobody's listening. Nobody Nobody's going left. Every single person's going right. But they're sending they're sending this or they they want to send guests this way, which Okay, there we go. We got some volunteers now. Uh because they want to try to divert traffic away cuz this gets too insane. Uh on a busy morning, this gets too insane or at any point where uh they're expecting high crowds. It's very difficult. We're going to go right though because I want to get a look at the scrims up ahead. Not because I'm anti-establishment or anything like that. I'm a rule follower, but yeah. Uh so they they they do want you to go left. We're trying to direct some traffic that direction. I think uh during high traffic times like uh 8:00 in the evening maybe like like when a lot of guests are leaving uh but also hanging out at Downtown Disney and also not coming in. >> Well, actually they would be coming in still at 8:00 but that's even better. Uh this this must be absolute pandemonium. And I again, I said this last week, I've seen some footage and some photos of just insane amount of people coming in on that top side into the park from the Mickey and Friends parking or from from Downtown Disney. Okay, so this is pretty much the same situation as last week. They are still sending guests to the left. Everything is still off on this side of things and we can't see anything now through the scrim. Not a lot of action this week at the site that was formerly Earls. No construction work is happening there. Nothing to see. So, we're going to get you know what? Let's go back to Let's go back to Harbor Boulevard again. Uh this is from the transportation hub where we saw some uh excavators back there. There they are again hard at work on that stretch next to the bus stop there on Harbor Boulevard. Those those crew are still working. Let's see what they're up to. So the dig starts here on the left just at about the boundary of that scrim. And it looks like they're filling in dirt already. So this is definitely not He's putting dirt back in and they're smoothing it. So I think it's just a this is a short-term project. It's just so coincidental that it's happening almost exactly where the uh bridge will go. You can see one of the one of these deals right here. That's what they they put that that's big compared to the size of the dig site. I I'm pretty sure that's one of those things where they they you put that in the ground to make sure everything doesn't collapse on itself. But yeah, this looks a lot more like what we're seeing out there on Harbor and Disney. Yeah, they're putting in He's picking up dirt that he's not digging anymore. He's filling. And then this guy will come in and smooth that dirt out. So, they've done what they're going to do. This will be over. I'll bet you this is over in 2 weeks. Just to give you a clear idea. I kind of tried to explain this last week, uh, but I'm going to do it from the other side of the street closer to the actual action. Uh, so there's Camelot, Tropicana, and right in between those two is that bus and then this this used to be a hotel right here as well. Disney bought that hotel like I don't know 8 years ago or whatever and they demoed it and now there's this it's now just a parking lot for cast. That's part of the parking lot where they're going to build the eastern gateway. The eastern gateway is going to go right behind these hotels right here. But the bridge is supposed to be built. This is where they're going to put build the supports for the bridge. And the bridge is going to go up, over, and then across. So, we're actually a little further to the right. It's going to curve, too, though. It is going to curve. We're a little further to the right, but it is still pretty much about where you where they're working at now. Uh, but it's going to run parallel to that that that wall, that fence over there, uh, with backstage, uh, you know, that runs alongside backstage Space Mountain, which I'll show you again in a little minute. But just judging by what I'm seeing them working on today, uh, they're no longer in a dig mode. They're in a they're in a fill mode, which tells me that this is a a short-term project, and it's probably more likely related to or similar to what they're doing at Disney and Harbor Boulevard. Let's get into Desland. Check in on the Jungle Cruise which uh construction walls and scrimmage scaffold went up last week. No new developments this week. Nothing to see from the Jungle Cruise. Uh everything is happening obviously well out of view of guests. There's nothing guest facing happening, but they definitely are working on that structure. That structure is is where they parked strollers. So, they're working I I don't know if they're working on the top level there or the bottom level, but there is something happening at that location separate from, you know, anything happening backstage show show-wise or back of house. By the way, I did take a peek inside the old Indie Fastpass station to see if I could see anything there. Uh the scrims do a pretty good job of hiding it. There's a gap down there, but you can't see much other than to notice that uh the water is still in the river, obviously. Let's go check in on the Indiana Jones queue to see if there are any new developments here. Uh we speculated that that well they did remove the generator and the and the crates and everything that stuff has been removed. We're waiting to find out if there's any sort of confirmation about those being replaced, repaired, just removed completely or even just bringing them back as as they were. All of that is on the table. I think the most likely scenario is though that they do replace them at some point. As a matter of fact, let's take a look to see if there's any new developments here. It does look to be in essentially the same condition as we left it last week. I'm not expecting anything to happen here until they're done with whatever's going on behind that scrim. Let's check in on the treehouse next. Wheel is still busted. Buckets are still busted, but I'm going to I want to see what's going on with the whistle. And I want to get a view of the Indiana Jones queue area from up top. Oh yeah, and of course the water the water is still off here. I expect this to be the case until they're done with whatever it is that they're doing at the Jungle Cruise. I feel like well, at least that part of the whatever they're doing at the Jungle Cruise and Indiana and Jones, I think it's connected. All right. Excellent. Excellent. That's like three weeks in a row now. I think I think we're there. I forgot to show this last week, too. This has been a case for a couple of weeks. The monkey has not been working. The little dial does move back and forth from feed snake to feed monkey. Or is that something else? But the his finger isn't making the move. It doesn't work quite as well as it was originally. All right. From the top level of the Adventure Land treehouse, we get that good view of what they're working on down here. Uh well as as as much as it can be considering all the trees and everything. Uh but look at now this is where I got you know I was uncertain last week because I I did I just didn't recognize this scene. I I didn't recognize what was happening in that squared off area or you know in the scrim in those they what was there before? Well we do have footage. I didn't look down this direction from this tree spot very often because obviously why would I be in the treehouse to look at the treehouse. But we do have this footage from a few years ago, or actually this is last year. Uh, and just right in between that branch and the leaves, you can see there was a water tower there that that was up that high there. You can see the little ladder uh or the side of that tower. That's gone. That's gone. Now, just this exposed area back there. So, they have taken that down. This is so wild. They've taken that down for whatever reason that there may have been an issue. Maybe it maybe uh there was a structural issue there or maybe I don't know. Uh but that is gone now. Whether or not they replace it is up for debate. But that's the reason why the scrimm scaffold is here. That's the reason why it exists and what its relationship is going to be in the future for that deck, which I had no idea that they were having issues up here, but that could have been a bigger problem than the deck. The deck could maybe be so secondary as to not even be a factor, even though I wanted to fix it. That water tower situation up there is the issue that they're working on. So, whatever was going on there, you know, uh, months ago perhaps, that's what the situation they're trying to resolve. We'll hope for the best that they do uh restore that deck, but that does change the conversation drastically about what's happening at the Jungle Cruise and Indiana Jones queue. Week three of Rise being reopened. Hey, we caught it on a good day. Uh it was open. Guests were enjoying the attraction. Still obviously bears repeating. No guest facing changes there. This has no bearing uh or uh you know on the new updates that are happening in the park in in or in the land in uh April. Let's go to Fantasy Land where they're working on the Fantasland theater. You can see that they've been installing show elements for the new Bluy show that's coming. Gotta say that looks a little I'm I'm hoping for the best, but it looks a little meh. Um, I hope they go a little bit more extra than they've been going for previous shows here at the Fantas Theater. Good news though is that the Scrimmit Scaffold down at the Trouador Tavern. Huzzah. It's great. I That's the the focus has been the roof. They were replacing the roof. I mean, it looks exactly like it did before. So, good for you, Disney, for uh just making it look nice and fixing things that people take for granted. Again, that's that's part of that conversation we're talking about on Main Street. Uh I I don't know how many people are like, "Hey guys, when are you going to do something about the trouidor roof?" I mean, I might have I talk about that rotted deck in Indiana Jones enough. Uh but I didn't know that it was busted or it was, you know, in bad shape, but they fixed it nonetheless. Great job. Uh okay, so Idleb is open. Look at that. The walls are still up, but that you can now get your uh Turkey Lake there and you're you're brought. Uh so the guest service counter is back open, but like I said, the walls are still open. They're still I'm not sure, you know, when or how they're going to be working on that covered area over there backstage or behind on the side. We were looking at a hole with these walls down. It looks like well they that's where the hole was is right there. So that's been been already fixed as well. Moving quickly at idle vise. Now, we asked what that 2x4 fence that they were constructing here was for. It's so they can prop up a a very secure scrim. That tells me that what's happening here isn't a result of what they're doing at the Trouador. They're doing actual maintenance. They're refurbing this covered area for some purpose, and they don't want us to see it. That's scrim. That means that they're doing some, you know, uh, invasive work there on that seating area. Stay tuned. All right. All right. Well, looks like they're done here at Galactic Grill. Walls are down on all sides. It looks great. I mean, we've been saying that for a couple weeks, but it does look great. I wonder what is this tile work new. The tile there, I noticed it here when I was walking by that. I may have to look back and see if I've got any B-roll to show that because it looks kind of fresh. It looks like a different color. How's it going? Uh, it looks like it's a different color palette. Let's go investigate. See how new it is? I mean, it's kind of it's kind of worn and faded down there in the bottom, but the rest of the top No, I think that's old. Yeah, you could see some wear spots there. Probably the same. This right here, this is where I'm most pleased. Everything about this somehow seems better in an indefinable way. Brighter, cheerier, more welcoming, less I don't know. It's just nice. It's really, really nice. We're going to park hop over to DCA real quick. Check out a few things there like Peppers Caliente. Food and wine starting next week, you guys. Kiosk are coming up. That's Pepperscalante. Looking forward to eating whatever they got there here at Golden Dreams. Uh let's see. We've got the Msubi and the cherry cobbler. Those are returning items. We'll be checking those out. Stay tuned, guys. We're going to be eating every single food item at Food and Wine kiosks. There are four new items and uh eight booths this year. Same eight booths as we had last year. Looking forward to that mimosa flight. I love colorful drinks. Let's get on the Pixar palaround. What? What? What? What? What? Okay, there's scrimmage scaffold around emotional whirlwind. That's not on the menu. That was not supposed to be here as far as I know. We'll talk about that again in a minute. But there's uh backstage incred coaster future side of Coco presumably. It looks a little less dense, a little a little less stuff there than perhaps there was in previous weeks, but otherwise no real action. We're going to wait and see if that fence again. We're going to see if that fence runs along the backside of those buildings or not or if they tear those buildings down. Meanwhile, Avengers Infinity Defense, I have nothing to add here. Uh they're still putting, you know, the infrastructure on top of the uh the roof there. The probably HVAC, etc. There's some guys. Oh, look at that. What are you guys doing? I think that one guy's carrying some steel around. Or maybe a 2x4. But yeah, otherwise nothing that I can report on, nothing that I can uh point a finger at and say, "Look at that." Same thing for backstage at uh the Cozy Cones. Other than there's a whole mess of guys on that roof. There's like five guys up there. They're probably doing more of that same uh HVAC type stuff on the roof there for that building. Okay, so emotional whirlwind. This just about it reopened not even a month ago. It was closed for about a month and then reopened about a month ago and now it's behind Scream and Scaffold again. Why do you suppose that is? If this were a bigger attraction, this would be a big deal. This would be like a lead story right now, but because it's emotional whirlwind, but no, this is not scheduled. Something's wrong. An emotional whirlwind. This was scheduled. That's the scrimmage scaffold up around jumping jellyfish. Uh this was on the calendar. We've been talking about this. Look that I like that scrim and scaffold. That means they're doing something uh useful and important there. Hopefully not just paint and polish, but because those things they're constantly breaking down. The jellyfish are constantly one side or another is not working. They're they're often only running one side. So I'm hoping that they can remedy that. Grizzly Riverrun that scrimmage scaffold has been up for a while. I still don't have a date as far as I know. Uh but they are making progress on those uh the wooden uh well I almost I almost called them ballards but that's kind of what they are in a sense. Uh but the the wooden you know barriers or or edges around the the river there are coming along. Bunch of craftsmen down there. They've added the bark exterior to these two. These guys were were plain last week. This week they've added the bark that's chipping away. Oh, here you go. We got Imagineering in progress. Well, it's not quite Imagineering. These guys are these guys are just technicians or artists. But yeah, they're they're applying a surface there, a coat, probably a sealant of some kind is my guess. We'll go to Redwood Creek next to see uh what's the latest on those bridges that they've been working on. And there it is. It's done. That's the bridge that was behind Scrim and Scaffold last week and the week before that. It's done. And I I tell you what, this looks exactly like the other bridge. It looks like It looks like the the old the old wood, right? Does it not? I'm fascinated by this. Like, were they doing something else? Like they brought those out and did something underneath the bridge and then put the boards back. That's the only I I can't think otherwise. I don't know what they're doing. Okay. Okay, on the ground for Avengers Infinity Defense, there's uh the restroom. Yeah, no progress there from the ground that we can see. Same thing here at Avengers Infinity Defense and uh Stark Flight Lab. Uh there you go. I don't know what to add there. Everything is about the same. Uh here's a here's interesting uh uh observation. They are painting back there. Yeah, man. That's okay. So, that actually gives us a bigger sense of what the scale, what the size of this operation is. I thought it was just going to be the kiosk, the Fastpass kiosk, but they they they've knocked it back. They took that wall out that was behind the the the in the Fastpass station, and it looks like that whole area back there is going to be seating, which is terrific. That is a great sign because we definitely need more seating here. Uh, so the fact that he's painting back there suggests to me that all of that is going to be guest area where it wasn't before. So not just four tables or five tables. You could be looking at something like, I don't know, 15 or 20 tables if my eyes are not deceiving me. Last week when we were doing our state of DC report, we saw that there were some construction walls up around the storyteller statue. this week. Those walls are down and he is back for guests to take their selfies and to take their pictures of Walt and Mickey. I don't know what they were doing here. Uh but they didn't actually touch up the statue though. The statue looks exactly like it did before. So, not sure what that was for, but it's uncovered today. Let's take a run through Downtown Disney. Scrim and scaffolder back up again uh at the new Earls, although they are clearly making some progress uh on the exteriors there. Lego store still waiting for either Woody and Buzz to come back or some structure to replace it. And we'll get our state of the bucket report. Bucket hasn't moved. The bucket has not moved. No. I mean, something surely something has to have been said. There must be something going on. There's got to be some kind of information somewhere. There's no way they could just let a project languish like that for six months. I don't I mean, unless they're just changing their mind, I don't know. Restaurants are are going up like crazy. I mean, or going out of business, I should say. Restaurants are very hard to It's a It's a high high fail rate, and it's already tough enough today as it is, but things are getting harder. Things are getting more expensive. People don't want to spend money on expensive food. Like I'm worried worried about about Arthur and Sons and Pearls Roadhouse. I can't remember the name of it now. I'm worried. Let's take a quick pass through the reverb calendar at Disneyland. Ogus Cantina uh is still closed. It'll reopen on March 14th. Jungle Cruise has been closed. Obviously, uh we do not yet have a date for that. So, we're looking uh what? We're looking into April now for that to return. Uh Tom Stores Island is going to close on March 2nd, reopening on March 6th. Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin is closing on March 30th. No known date for that yet. Uh same for the Disneyland Montreal, closing on March 30th. No known date for that reopening. We'll keep our eyes open. Over at DCA, Grizzly Riverrun is still closed. Still no date. This is a long reverb. This is now going on uh almost two months. We're a week shy of two months and we're probably 30 or 40 days away still unless they do a thing where they they put a date in there uh without, you know, as a surprise. Jump of Jellyfish closed uh reopening on March 6th. And there you go. Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind closed on February uh February 20. Yeah, closed Friday. That was the day that closed was the day we saw it and then reopening on March 3rd. So, not a long date. That's just It'll be reopened perhaps by the time you guys see this. Is that right? The 2nd, I think, is Monday. Indeed. Interesting. Uh, Golden Zephyr closing on March 9th, reopening on March 18th. And Toy Story Midway Mania is getting an update on April 6. We don't know if this is a short project or a long project. We don't know anything about what they're doing. Uh, maybe they're doing something for the 250th. Uh, I don't know. That's a good question. I'm gonna have to look into that. Um, I'm not sure what they're doing at Toy Story. Stay tuned. And there you go, guys. That is our update for this week. Thank you guys very much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bait.
