---
video_id: zsCCLpxyqkg
channel: FreshBaked
title: "So everyone Loves Disney again! | State of DCA 2026-03-23"
published: 2026-03-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsCCLpxyqkg
---
Guests are still saying yes to Disneyland and California Adventure. Queues are full, streets are packed, and the energy is high. Join us as we tour the entire park, do some high value park science, and even take a spin. It's our state of DC report. And this is Fresh Baker. With that, we'll get things started on Buis Street. On a warm and lovely Monday afternoon, we're here at high noon. There goes the model rail. Excellent. Boy, what are the That that never happens, guys. Timing is everything. First time ever. I've opened a show here uh on Buisa Street with the Montreal. Excellent. Uh as I mentioned, it's noon. It's about 75° right now on this Monday afternoon. Temperatures are finally starting to come down today. Uh, but they are still expected to get into the 80s. With that, I want to welcome you guys to this state of DCA report. For those of you who are new to the show or new to the format, we're going to take you on a complete tour of California Adventures here. We're going to see the entire park. We're going to go to every land. We're going to go to every attraction and we're going to talk about what we find along the way. We're going to uh tell you what's new or newsworthy. We're going to do a little Q sign. We're going to take you into the cues of these attraction and let you know if these are go or no go situations. And if we're lucky, we'll catch some fun stuff like the five and dime right here who are getting ready to start their set here at Carthage Circle. >> And uh yeah, just be ready for the best hour plus that you can spend at >> Yeah, sure. Go for it. >> You are my favorite guys. Thank you. >> They were picking up what we're putting down here at DCA. I want to thank you for joining us. Let's get going once more. Uh I guess we're now we're we're around Car Circle and we're on our way to Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood Studios. Get this show started. Can't ask for something better than that, man. What a great opening to our show today. Oh my gosh, we're getting hit. Look, it's D or it's Chip. Morning, Chip. All right, looking good. Okay, so what's happening here at DCA? I am expecting a lively crowd today. I I feel like we should see a continuation of the crowds that we've been seeing for the past couple of weeks. We are still in the spring season and uh we still have the discounted ticket which has been uh beefing things up here at the park. >> Uh it was considerably busy. Last Monday at State of Disneyland was one of the was probably well no it was the busiest day that we've seen this year. Uh, I don't know if we're going to see that as much here on uh Hollywood Boulevard and at DCA, but the vibe that I'm feeling, the energy that I'm feeling right now in the park today is certainly an extension of what we uh what we experienced in previous weeks. And pardon me, by the way, also if I seem a little extra exuberant and excited. I just came from the Bluey Show this morning. We got here early and I saw the 9:30 show of the Bluey Show over at Disneyland. Hopefully you guys check that video out. That should be out already. If you didn't, please do. Had a great time. A quite a sort of a Hi guys. A wonderful sort of lifeaffffirming show that they're doing there at the Fantas Theater. Uh so be sure to check out our Blue Show uh if you haven't already. But for now, we're going to get into a little bit of recon. We're going to get into a little park science here at Hollywood Studios. where we're going to check out Mike and Sully to the rescue which is going to be open now for about another year. We're looking at a 45minute posted standby right now for uh for the Monsters Inc. ride which that's a first clue that this is going to be scary. You know, my friend >> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm not riding it. But thank you though. I appreciate you. Uh they try to they always try to give you uh the buddy pass. Uh, which I I love that they're so kind and they they're looking out for me. But okay, so um 45 minutes is not a good sign when you first get to the attraction. You don't want to see that 45 minute sign because it's usually fairly accurate. And I'm seeing Yeah, they're using all the planters. At least we're not down the road. I saw the queue had extended earlier when I walked by. It was out that way. So they they've improved on that at least. But anytime you see the queue coming, they're using all the planters, that's bad. or coming down the aisle like this. That's also bad. Uh not a lot of movement generally. Uh those back two are moving a little bit and then every other planter in front of that is still Oh no. Get there. Get seeing Montreal everywhere. Uh that's you want to see multiple waves of movement. You want to see multiple movements. If you see just one section of the queue moving and everything else still not a good look. So, it's just that very back queue that is moving right or the very back planter. But, uh, all the other planters since we've arrived here, I have not seen any movement. Not that's crazy. Stay away from Monsters, Inc. Look at that posted wait time and see 45 minutes and make your decision on that. Come back here and look at the queue. Come back and look and see if it's moving. It is not moving. Check also the Lightning Lane, although that moves pretty quick. Even if there's a lot of people there, they usually can process those. This is this is a a fairly efficient uh ride system. So they can they can get guests in and out and they should be able to. Uh but in situations like that, they're like, "Oh my god, that's not going to go very well." But otherwise, a fairly busy scene here at Hollywood or Hollywood backlot. Looks like they're doing another Imagination Campus show here that we saw something here like this last week. And they are of course still repping food and wine festival. That is still a thing. Although again, there's no food and wine happening here at the back lot, which is a shame cuz this used to be a regular stop. They used to have uh many more booths than they do today, but it's okay. The food and wine is still a wonderful event. So, you guys were able to catch that show. We ate everything, you guys. We ate everything and drank almost everything. Uh it was quite a night, quite a day. Don from Offand Disney joined us. Miguel and Janelle from uh Magic Journeys. We had a great time. Check out Food and Wine Festival. our video on that hopefully. Otherwise, well, you know how to find videos on YouTube now, don't you? It's not hard. Type in fresh bake and then whatever it is that you want to know about and there's more than likely the chance that we made a video on it. And that is a pretty good turnout, a pretty good array of guests here that I'm seeing on Sunset Boulevard. Lots of folks transitioning from Avengers Campus over to Hollywood. We were here on Friday, you guys. We were here on Friday doing our construction recon and I saw some of the sickest the sickest queue you had ever seen uh at >> Whoops. Where'd it go? At Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout. We're going to do some recon on this queue right now, but I have I'm almost positive it's not going to match the scene that we saw on Friday. check this out and then let's check in on what's happening here today. Just posted this nonsense onto social, but I wanted to share with you here as well. I'm at Mission Breakout doing my construction recon, but every now and then I I well I can't help but notice that's a 100 minute posted weight time. Now, I haven't been looking There goes Bravo right now. I haven't been looking at the at the elevators and it could be that it could be just Bravo. But whether whatever it is, it's 100 minutes and I and I'm also seeing a queue that I've never seen before in my life. On a busy day, they'll come out here into the bonus section, right? It'll leave this here and then it'll come out here and they'll do two switchbacks and then head back in. Today we're in double bonus. They built I've never I don't think I've ever seen it here. Maybe once, I don't know, but I certainly have never seen it out here in the triple bonus section. They're running out of places to put guests in the Mission Breakout queue. Amazing. And I just saw Alpha. So, they're at at least two gantry lifts right now. At least two. So, it's not a situation where they're down to one. One would be bedum. One would be madness. Just leave and come back some other time. But, and this is Are we Is it even 10:00? Have we hit 10:00 a.m. yet? I can't tell. My My phone is too dull. It is not yet 10. 952. Amazing. I may have spoken too soon just a minute ago because out of the side of my eye. Yikes. We might just be seeing that same sick queue that I saw. Hi guys. On Friday. Triple bonus. I got done saying never have I ever seen that when I was here on Friday. And now I've seen it twice in two visits. what is happening at mission breakout. And again, that is with two gantries running. There are two gantries going here. There were two on that Friday and there are two going now. So, it's not even a situation where they're down one. Not quite as bad as Friday, though. We're looking at a 90minute standby right now. And that's with nobody in Lightning Lane here. There's just a couple guests waiting out here. And the back of the queue is inside the door there. Lightning Lane is almost a non-issue here. Son of a biscuit. That's just pure standby, you guys. That is just pure standby. Wow. Uh, okay. No, before we continue, um, I mentioned earlier that I'm in a super positive mood. >> I love that guy. He's like my spirit animal. That's how I want to be. Anyway, I mentioned that I'm in a super positive mood. Hi guys. Uh because of the Bluey Show. Hopefully you guys check that out. But I want to give you some uh let me show you some highlights of that show, tease you a little bit and then maybe you can check out the rest of that video or come see the show for yourself. Oh my god. It's not working. Back here at Avengers Campus and it looks a little clear here, but that's because they've just open or clear things out. The door malaj will be coming through here in a minute. So, we're going to sneak over to Pimp Test Kitchen to see what the scene is like here. It is 12:14, so I'm expecting this to be pretty busy. Considering how busy the park is, the time of day, it should be busy in here. And it is. This is perhaps the fullest that I may have ever seen. And well, at least as much as I can remember. I don't remember ever seeing a standby queue this deep here at Pentest Kitchen. That is probably a good 30 20 30 minute wait right there. And sure enough, there they are. Or she is. I don't even see us. Oh, there's a second one down there. Okay. Door present. Wow. >> All right. >> I don't know what that means. Let's go to Web Slingers next where I'm looking at a posted wait time of 50 minutes. But I might have to question that because it's looking pretty wide open. The bullpen on our right is wide open. There's nobody. The the back we can't even see the back of the queue. The back of the queue is somewhere there behind in the blue bullpin uh around that corner. There's I don't even know where it is. So, that's a good sign. Uh let's check movement here. Movement's not bad. Uh for websers, that is because uh this queue uh tends to pause for a little bit because you have to wait for the next cycle. Uh but it's good to see this much movement that we're seeing now. And also I can report that there's nobody in Lightning Lane right now. So this is one of those situations where the posted way time is not telling the truth. This is definitely a dive or a a go situation for me at least relative to what we're expecting. Uh not so much because I'm, you know, a fan of getting into 50 million cues or even or even webslingers in general, but if you're, you know, the go no-go type call is about what it's like with relation to the rest of the park. If it's busy everywhere, you're looking for opportunities to sort of beat the expectation. You're going to get into at least a pre-show, at least seeing uh Peter Parker here, and I'm guessing 30 minutes, maybe even less than that is my guess. I'm tempted to do a little uh Q science on or a little, you know, a little recall. I don't know if I have that kind of time. We're already out of here. I'm going to have to wait 35 minutes. This may not be the opportunity for that, but I like the looks of this queue. This is a go for me. Do you guys ever get the the chicken schwarma here? The New York's tastiest. You ever get that? It is. It seems kind of like, oh, it's just a little, you know, ODB card. It's not going to be that good. It's amazing. The the New York's Tastiest is amazing. When I come to the park, I try to look for like ways to have like a complete experience. Like when I go to Galaxy's Edge, you know, you know, I'll ride maybe rides or Smuggler's R. I'll try to get a Ronto rap while I'm there. or if I you know uh here in Adventures Campus if I'm riding uh Mission Breakout or Web Slingers I'm going to try to get the sugar and tra or get something fun at Pimp Test's Kitchen. They're always changing the mini there uh at Pimp Test Kitchen and they're always trying to mix it up which is great. I love how creative they get there. Uh it's that in Paradise Garden Grills. Always trying to mix it up. And speaking of mixing things up, let's see if they're continuing. Oh, it's empty in here. Wow. I've never I don't know if I've ever been through here this this empty. Just checking in on the status of the web tech, which this is it. This is all that's left. I feel like I'm doing that that bit that Steve Martin does in the jerk. Everything between here and here. Pretty sure that they are just winding down the inventory here and then they're just selling what's left and they're not restocking it at all cuz it used to be that that whole section was bolt plus uh the displays right here that had the web tech on there as well. So, I I do think that those in some timeline, we're not going to see WebTech in those stores anymore. Spider-Man, is he here? Nope. Spider-Man is not here yet. Probably getting ready to do a show. People are starting to collect. Spider-Man will be appearing here. And as we leave Avengers Campus, we can see LA Style. That's the booth that used to be at Hollywood Studios, Golden Dreams. Uh, I don't I'm not sure how much time we have left on Food and Wine Festival, but I want to show you guys if you don't watch our Food and Wine video and you just want to come here and try the food yourself, I will say this at least. This is the place right here where I'm going into this little secret area that they built a couple years ago. This is where the best stuff is. Peppers Caliente. Everything on the menu here was the best that we had on that Friday. The taheen habanero seasoned wings, ramen mac and cheese, and the strawberry guava lemonade. A+ A+ A+. Everything was great. Meanwhile, on the parade corridor, look at that. Their guests are still here, man. It's not quite as popping as it was 2 weeks. It's not quite as busy as it was two weeks ago, but there's still quite a turnout here. That of course brings us next to Cars Land where we had another amazing, surprising, incredible experience here on Route 66, which again, okay, so this time I don't think we're going to get a repeat, but uh this was the scene we found on Friday here at Mater's Junkyard Jamberee. Look at Route 66 go. And I don't know if you could see that, but through all this traffic is a three switchback extended queue at Mater's Junkyard Jambburye post at 35 minutes. And they're using the switchbacks on the other side of the fence there, which you hardly ever see. You never see this and that. I've seen that and I've seen this, but I've never seen this and that. My god. For maiders. Congratulations, Mater. Now, the situation we're going to find today is about half that. Uh this is more typical of Mater's junkyard jamb breed. Not at all like what we saw on Friday. Back to stroller parking out here on the route. Posted 20 minute wait time. They had 35 although it might have been more than that. Uh they were also in this pin which they are not obviously. Uh this is just a very traditional looking queue for Mers Gary Jambbury. Probably is 20 minutes assuming they're running both sides which I believe they are. There they go. And there they go. >> Are just cranking you guys. This show is moving right along as we make our way through DCA. >> Sorry you guys. Sorry. Uh yeah, cuz there's I mean the only thing that's been newsworthy uh so far that we've is the cues. Uh we don't really have anything uh to talk about with respect to Avengers Campus or uh uh Hollywood Backlot Monsters Inc. Nothing's going on there. Nothing's happening. Avengers Campus. are just kind of in a holding pattern right now with respect to uh Avengers Infinity Defense and then Route 66. Man, it's just it's Marine. You know, there's a thing I do want to talk about that because we talk about expansion and we talk about wanting to add things. They're kind of stuck here at at at Cars Land. Even if they wanted to, they couldn't do anything here even if they wanted to. And that's because they built Cars Line to be an exact replica of Cars of Raider Springs from the from the film. So where do you what else can you do here? You can't because then it'll it's bad show, right? You can't you couldn't replace Flows with anything if you wanted to. You couldn't replace the Cozy Cones with anything if you wanted to. Not even the gift shops. Everything is locked in. Raider Springs Racers. I mean, they kind of changed Luigi's flying tires, but it's still going to be Luigi's Casadel tires no matter what you put in there. By the way, you can see the top of Avengers Infinity Defense right there. Wow. Like, I'm not sure how I is that is that change your feelings about the land at all? Is that a big deal? They're locked in here forever. They can never They could do something to Galaxy's Edge because they didn't build it as a replica. They could they can and they could do something to any other land in this uh in in either park. They could even, you know, you go to Toy Story or Toy Story Land in uh uh Hollywood Studios. Not an exact replica. So, they can do stuff there as well. But here at Cars Land, it is an exact replica. I wonder if they feel stuck here. >> Hello, Radiator. >> I forget what other car's name was, but we know this guy. Kachow radi. >> Anyways, speaking of Luigi's custom tires, it's closed, but probably not for long, judging by the situation. Oh, they're moving out the blue car. That could be why they're pausing to move out that blue car. He's going off stage. They're going to open up that gate to the right there. They're going to open that gate up and he's going to drive in there. They have to pivot him and then he turns in there. Uh but it looks like they're preparing to reopen cuz they've got guests queued up here at the fence. If you're wondering, if you see the door closed, come around the backside and and see what the state is of things back here. uh not necessarily to see if there's anybody in the queue, but to see if they have been sorted. When they get sorted like that, that's a good sign. If you see that the, you know, the next the next rotation pin empty, then they're holding. They're not doing anything. But if they've sorted, that means they're probably going to go in the next set. What's happening with Bluey here? Okay, they turned Bluey around. He's been rotated. And now they're going to open up that door and he's going to go backstage. Looks like they're doing a little more repositioning here. Getting they're getting the cars into their default positions sorted to the, you know, group to the left and a group to the right. Louis still hasn't gone backstage yet. They might just do him at some point. Maybe not right away, but it does look like I'm predicting it's going to happen. Any Oh, they're going to do a cycle first. Okay. >> By the way, if you see this, also come back and see if they're doing a cycle. If they're cycling, >> that's a good sign. >> And here they come. >> Right on. >> Okay. After a brief pause, it's 12:58. Let's cross the way here. Go check in on Flo's VA Cafe. Should be pretty busy here as well. Like we saw a pent test kitchen. I'm seeing a queue. Yeah, man. That's a goodiz queue in there. Not Not as bad as we saw two weeks ago, but one that I would rather avoid by using mobile order. Actually, let's check our app real quick. Let's see. Lowe's is right now at a 22minute wait, which you know the trail. We could easily uh mobile order refresh hack that thing down to 5 or 10 minutes saving us a bunch of time and a bunch of standing around in that queue. Still need to try the uh the chicken and waffles here they do. I forget what they call that, but I'm a chicken and waffles lover. as a as just a general rule. I think it's great, but I haven't had those here yet. Oh, thanks, guys. See you. >> Oh, look. Lightning McQueen is back. Oh, look out, little guy. >> Kachchow. >> Welcome to my favorite place on Route 66. >> Our way to San Francisco. Uh, we mentioned in I think I was two episodes ago that the Disney was they they mentioned that they're going to end the park hopping rule, that 11:00 a.m. park hopping rule, the rule that used to be 1:00 p.m. and they brought it down to 11:00. And then uh Thomas Bazoo, who's no longer the president of Disneyland, but he said we're going to we're going to end the park. I hope I hope they don't take that back. I don't know. We're going to have a new president here. I don't know if that transition happens, if it hasn't happened or if it's happened already. I I don't know anything about the new president. I don't know what her plans are, but we have not heard still about a date. There's no date been given for that or if you know if that's still on the table or if it's been cancelled. I don't know anything. But I wanted to mention that here because people have been asking what's the latest on that. Right. Right. So far the latest is we have no no news, no new information. Uh but it is a very important decision, a very important thing that's going to happen because it definitely affects the reservation system in general. Uh because if you take that away, it it makes the reservation system that much less necessary. And we're hoping that uh it is just a stepping stone, one step into getting rid of the reservation system, one step further down that line. I still have very, you know, I'm I I'm less than optimistic. I'm optimistic that they're going to follow through on that choice, but I'm less than optimistic that they're going to they're going to take away the uh reservation system. They pretty much made it useless at Walt Disney World, but it still exists. It's still there, but it it's pretty much unnecessary. Uh there's no chance, very little chance that you're going to need that reservation. It's very easy to make reservations today at Walt Disney World. Let's take a quick tour. We're here now at San Francisco. There's Baymax and Hero as usual. Always a fun, man. It smells good up in here. It smells so good. >> Oh my gosh, look at that queue. Cina, it's out here in wild space. I think I think that's the back of the queue. Although it looks like Oh, yeah, it is. Okay. Wow. That's a good 30 minutes there for Cosina. I mean, we could do another test of the uh mobile order refresh hack, but I feel like uh we'll save that for another episode, but uh I have shown routinely that you can make you can place a mobile order even if it's into the future, which it is. Uh let's see at present. Refresh. There it is. It's at uh it's for 52 minutes into the future for 155. But we showed uh in a in a recent update that we got that down to like 5 or 10 minutes without too much effort. I would not get in this queue. And also I will add that San Francisco so cute is popping. There's no tables anywhere. >> Hear that? They're trying to look for a spot. There aren't very many. You really There's a lot of tables. You guys understand how many tables there are here. There are so many tables. But you still can't find a spot sometimes. Well, most times to sit down and eat. I mean, maybe it's because there's one, two, three restaurants here, three dining locations for this one spot. Plus, uh, Rita's Turbines or Turbine Repair. They make margaritas here. >> Hi, guys. Uh, they're premixed, though. So, there's that. Uh, let's take a look at Lucky Fortune. That is popping a little bit. Good showing here for mobile order. Like to see that. Lots of guests there picking up their mobile orders. Thank you very much for listening. I appreciate you. Stand by Q. Hi guys. Is looking not quite as bad as Hello as Casino. That's maybe 10 or 15 minutes probably more actually because they've only got two windows. Yeah. Five and six. One through four. Windows 1 through 4 are mobile order and then just five and six are that that's what slows it down. It's when they do that. You see that at Bango Barbecue. Uh but that's probably why uh Cosina is a little smoother. Even though there's a lot of people in that queue, it goes just about as quick as that queue there will because they have I think four windows at Cosina for standby as opposed to two here at Lucky Port. And Cass Cafe is next. Oh dear. Oh, it smells so good in here, too. Hey, how's it going? Uh, looks like it's not quite out the door yet, though. People are just Yeah, it's just this key right here. So, that's not as bad as it could be. But again, a fairly robust turnout here for mobile order. People are using it here. Thank goodness. Let's cross this bridge, the San Francisco bridge, and uh get out to the water area viewing area. San Francisco or San Francisco was packed, by the way. I don't I think I mentioned that right. My goodness. It is definitely a scene. It's It's still very much busy. We're still probably I would say 80 80% uh like you know on the OMG scale. We're almost there but not quite certainly not what it was two week or last week at Disneyland and not quite as busy it was 2 weeks ago but still plenty busy to uh to make you like you got to plan out your day a little bit. So >> we're going to head down here back by popular demand. We're going to take a look at the tip board. I stopped doing it and people are like, "Why'd you stop doing the tipboard?" I'm like, "I didn't think anybody cared." But I guess some people do enough that I'm going to go back and do this sucker right now. Although, I tend to think maybe I need to be doing this a little earlier cuz we're already halfway. I suppose we are also uh when we do the Disney one in Galaxy's Edge, but we just got a few more to go really. We're kind of we're kind of cooking through this day a little bit. We're breezing. Okay, 11:15 as we begin this look through the tipboard. Uh, let's see. Golden Zephyr 15 minutes, which is kind of surprising because there's a light breeze happening right now. I wouldn't be surprised if Golden Zephyr was closed by the time we get around there. It doesn't do very well in the wind, any kind of wind. Goofy Sky School at a very modest 35 minutes. That's not bad at all. Our return time is in 3 hours, though. That's pretty high folk. So, we haven't we haven't seen a lot of Lightning Lane action so far, but that return time isn't great. Meanwhile, Guardians of G Galaxy is down to 80 minutes, but you can see that Lightning Lane is sold out. No more Lightning Lanes available for Guardians of Guardians of the Galaxy at all. So, that's if you're get if you're just getting here, uh it might be too late. We'll see what's going on with Toy Story. That's the other one that usually has a long wait. Incred Coaster's at 45 minutes. has been a very popular attraction since reopening. It's been much busier than usual at Incred Coaster, plus a 3-hour wait for that one as well. Jesse's Critter Carousel is a 10-minute wait. Jumping Jellyfish 20. Uh, are they that could be a sign that they're running both sides, but I'm looking over there and no, I'm I'm not seeing both sides. Nothing. They are just running one jelly. Uh, Ariel's is 25 minutes with a return time of now. Luigi's is at 30. They recovered well from that breakdown. Maiders is down. We're at 20 still. No big deal there. Uh, okay. Run or Mickey or Mike and Sullie's to the rescue. 45 minutes and a return time of 2 and 1/2 hours. I still just am to this day very, you know, I'm I'm almost happy that this ride is going to be gone at some point in the future because it's just the most confounding situation. I feel like I'd rather it be an e ticket so at least it's worth 45 minutes when you wind up waiting for it. Did we forget to go to Radiator Springs Racers? I walked out of Flows and I went straight by Raider Springs Racers 75. You know, this happened to me. What was it on? I don't remember what day it was, but I I ch Oh, you know, I was doing my construction recon and I'm changing my route. I changed my route a little bit and I wound up just completely screwing up my my mindset for the whole day and it just I just changed my I I was trying to change the route intentionally and now I now here I am like I forgot to do regular springs racers. I don't think I want to go back there. We're going to keep going. Fresh bake. I don't know, man. I don't know. We'll see what happens. Let's finish this tipboard. Uh anyway, 75 minutes as I find it again. There he is. uh which is, you know, pretty typical for Raider Springs racers on a busy day. Redwood Creek is open. Slowly Symphony is 15 minutes. They're handling guests with ease. Saurin also sold out. Saurin is sold out and at 85 minutes. So that's not good for people just getting here trying to buy Lightning Lane. You're already too late. Meanwhile, Toy Story is at 70 minutes. Heavens to Mergroid. Uh but just a 5 hour a 5 and 1 half hour return time. So, there's that. At least maybe you could still have a chance of doing that. Uh, websingers is 40 minutes and a five or a five and a half hour return time for that as well. And that's it. Take care. I couldn't help it. I couldn't help it. It's not like I'm not generally speaking an OCD kind of guy. I'm more of a That's fine. I'm that kind of guy. But I had to come back. I had to look. Is Radiator Springs Racer 75 minutes? I mean, that's an important question. So, we're just going to come around this corner. And no, it's not. It's actually not 75. It is 80 now. Uh, should we sneak in there? That's a pretty good size group. Checking into Lightning Lane. >> We're Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay, so the back of the queue is right here. We didn't even get to the first bridge. That's the back of the queue. Is that the gas sign? Uh, single rider is Oh my god. Wait, is that Oh, no. I can't tell. Okay. Phew. For a second there, I thought the single rider queue was lightning lane, but it's not. Lightning lane is going down the middle there. Looks fine. Well, I don't know how deep it goes, but it's it's fine. Meanwhile, single rider is pretty backed up to if you could see the single rider queue of any kind, let alone where it is now, but of any kind, it's usually looking at 20 to 30 minutes. This is looking like 30 to 40. You're not getting much of a discount. Not as much as you might hope. Anyway, that's still going to be 30 or 40 minutes for that single rider. Meanwhile, Lightning Lane is starting to back up a little bit here, guys. Look at this. $28. No, no, no, wait. No, that's Rise. Rise is 28. What is right now? Raider Springs. Oh my god, it is 28. Wow. Radiator Springs is $28. Historically, usually Raider Springs Racers goes for about 20 bucks. Rides goes for just shy of 30, just south of 30. Raider Springs Racers $18, $19. Today it's $28. You know what it seems like? Although we are seeing sold out for Galaxy's Edge. Maybe that's what's happening. Oh, I wonder if that's what's happening. maybe that the when attractions start to sell out, Saurin and Raider Springs or uh Saurin and Mission Breakout, people think, "Okay, well, there's no point in buying it now. If they're just arriving today, I won't buy that." But so maybe because it's sold out, demand goes up for Raider Springs Racers. They figure I'm going to spend that 20 bucks on Raider Springs Racers instead. And so Disney's aware of that and they flex that price higher at this time of day. to Mater. I'm seeing a lot of cars out today. My goodness. While we're on our way back to Pixar Pier to finish out the rest of this show, let me take a quick moment for a shameless plug. Uh we were we were recording part of our we're doing a we sort of do a ride along often when we're doing in park reports. I'll I'll film a thing for our memberships and Patreon. Uh just for what it's worth, by the way, let me just say this. Yeah, >> I have had a few people ask, you know, they they're like, "What's up with the extra paid content?" All the other stuff that I did on a regular basis before, State of Disney, construction, anything else like that, it's still free. That's still part of our regular free content. Uh the memberships are just, you know, behind the scenes type stuff. Uh or stuff that I do from home. It's just extra. It's extra stuff. But anyway, I was just talking about how I've been trying to like improve my health a little bit and then just I was loading up on my water. I'm supposed to drink 80 ounces a day and uh I feel like that's impossible. But anyway, I just shameless plug. I'm uh taking care of my health. I'm going to car or protein up a little bit. Get my energy. I'm not drinking or eating as much of the junk food here. I'm trying not to. And the water. Now, with that aside, with that done, shameless plug. Let's get back to work. Let's get back to Pixar Pier. And there is that Pixar Pier. Another busy afternoon here on the pier. I can't wait to see what's going on with the Incredic Coaster. As I mentioned, that's an attraction that I've really been surprised to see how how popular it's been. I mean, it's always been a popular attraction, but how it's been more popular than in the past uh after they reopened, after the reverb. I've just seen regular cues there and just out there on the pier and single riders bonkers. And I looks like we're seeing more of the same today. Here they go. Oh, >> head back. Face forward. And hold on. >> 5 4 3 2 1 go. >> There they go. And we can see right now the back of Single Rider is right over here. There goes another one. You know what? This is what I love about Pixar Pier is that I love the energy that coaster brings to this part of the land. The sounds of the coaster, the sounds of the people screaming on the coaster, the movement. It's fantastic. This is what this is what a theme park should be. It's why I'm I'm kind I mean I I get the indoor attractions. I get why they build those giant indoor attractions cuz they're great for effects and things like that, but sometimes you just want to feel it. You want to be able to see it and feel it on the street. And you can see and feel a credit coaster always when you're out here on Pixar Pier. It's fantastic. Josh and Thomas, if you're listening, please don't forget about outdoor attractions. Please, I'm begging you. Please don't forget about outdoor attractions. So, there's a good size weight. Right now there uh two switchbacks out here on the pier itself and a mad scene here at the entrance to the attraction. Okay, here we go. I'm expecting another 45 minutes still. I think it was posted at 45 when we saw before. Actually, it says 35, which is more realistic. That actually it doesn't look like it. You see this queue out here and generally speaking, you're going to be a little scared. That's a scary queue. But I've been in this queue many times. There you go. Center that a little better. I've been in this queue many times and it is truly 35 minutes. And if you're lucky, it might even be less depending on what happening with uh Lightning Lane. This is not as bad as it looks. It's why I always promote using or go just going uh standby instead of trying that single rider. We we did a test on this two weeks ago. Standby beat single rider two weeks ago. If you guys missed that, go go go watch our previous state of Disney PCA video. Standby beat single rider by about 5 minutes. But, you know, getting back to that conversation that that sort of came upon me as we're as we're walking around here, Josh Thomas, there is a shortage of new rides that are being built that I can't stay in frame that are being built outdoors. Everything they're making right now is indoors. uh the Avengers camp, the two new rides at Avengers Campus out or indoors. Coco indoors Avatar. Now, part of that one, that's one of the reasons why I'm excited about Avatar is that at least part of that attraction is outside. At least it is or would be according to the concept art. Uh but everything else is, you know, it's in the show building, which again, I get because you want to do cool effects and everything, but don't forget, don't forget, you have to balance these parts. It's not a 0100 situation. It needs to be balanced just like there needs to be balance with uh with shopping and live entertainment. Get back in frame. If we're going in a circle, my camera does not want to attract me. But there has to be a balance of attractions and food and and uh uh uh merchandise and live enter and live entertainment. I'm hoping, by the way, that Blue is a sign that they might be getting back into that game. But please don't forget Disney. Please don't forget about You can watch me ride the carousel. You can watch it happen from the street. That's the cool part about it. You get to see it happen. You get to watch it and get excited. >> And suddenly I'm feeling the crowd intensity levels kind of dial down just a little bit as I was walking through here. This is usually a point of uh pinch point. It usually gets very narrow right here. I mean, it's not exactly dead, but uh it's there's there's Look at that. There's suddenly open concrete. I wonder what's going on at Toy Story Midway Mania. Will this look at Oh. Oh. Oh. So, that's what I'm talking about. That's so cool. That just hear it and feel it. Oh my gosh. Woody. Hi. And B Peep. This queue looks nice. I like the looks of this queue. There's there just the the one switch back out here. This is great. All that's empty, but there is a huge queue out here for Lightning Lane. Now, this is the opposite of what we saw earlier. Guardians of the Galaxy, very little Lightning Lane. Uh what was it? Um Monsters, Inc. didn't have a lot of Lightning Lane. We sllingers had zero lightning lane, but this is pretty stout right here. And that's going to affect your standby. Let's see. >> That says 80 minutes. Now, I don't think that does explain a little bit. I mean, this queue does explain 80 minutes, but I don't think that's I still don't think that's an 80-minute queue. They're going to clear this and and not too long. And that 80-minute queue actually is probably the reason why this queue would look so short. We are experiencing right here the opposite effect. We talked about that a bit in our uh Wednesday vlog for Wednesday night with the Big Thunder and uh I feel like this is a pretty good example of that. Right now, how's it going? Right now, we are at that point. The longer that that posted wait time says 80, the shorter this standby queue is going to get cuz that's a call to action to stay away. 80 minutes is a call to action. Stay away. It It's telling people we'll just wait till later. So, they're But you got to come and check out the queue. And again, now lightning doesn't look great. But that standby looks really nice and I have a feeling that it'll this is the time to get in this queue. Doing the opposite effect, you're going to beat that cuz they're going to take that down. They're going to take that queue down to 45 minutes later and then people are going to show up and that's when you don't want to be getting in a queue. You don't want to be getting the queue when it goes down from 80 to 45. You want to get in it while it's still 80, while it's still making people stay away. Whereas at the 45 point or maybe even less if people that's the call to action to get in that queue is to go and by then hopefully or by then it probably is too late. I really like the looks of this queue. If I were a betting man that's the one I'd get in. But again the only thing that's got me worried is that right there cuz people still keep coming in. They keep they keep uh the rivers flowing with lightning like that. We're going to come back in a little bit. I've marked the back of the queue. I've started a clock to see. I'm going to come back in like maybe 20 minutes or so. And I'm going to bet that they have cleared most of that lightning link queue. And I'm going to bet that the standby queue will have stayed pretty much where it is, the back of it anyway. And I'm going to bet that they will take down the uh return time, the standby wait time to something like 45 or 50 minutes. Well, there's another queue you don't like to see. That's the uh swinging gondola queue for the Pixar Palaround. You don't like it seeing outside the ramps. And they're going to post that at 30, which actually isn't bad. Meanwhile, they've got nonswinging at 45 minutes. And this is a dirty queue. Now, I was here on Friday doing recon, and I got in the worst queue I've ever been in on the Pixar Palaround. I got into this queue. It was about 11 a.m., maybe. I think it was about 11:00 a.m. And the queue was all the way out here at the top of the ramp. Biggest queue I've ever seen. Well, not the biggest queue I've ever seen. Biggest queue I've ever gotten into from this point to my gondola was 30 minutes. So, they've got this marked at 45, but it's probably closer where they're at right here. Uh 30. That's probably maybe 25 minutes right there. You can count on that and you can you can be sure of that because it's pretty predictable. These cues are easy to do the math on cues like this. because the this is a very steady it's always going at full capacity. There's there's never uh or very rarely are there gondlas that are broke down or you know they're always running at a at a full uh fix our palaround, right? And there's no lightning lane. So there's no interference. There's no variable. It doesn't go up or down in that regard. It's pretty much the same all the time. So you can be pretty confident that if you get right here at this corner right there, you're looking at about 20 minutes. That's pretty reliable. I don't have, however, similar math to the swinging gondola because I never ride it. But maybe I should just stand here one of these days. I should just stand here and clock some of these cues. I'd be curious to know how realistic that 30 minutes is. Meanwhile, next door, emotional whirlwind. Something is wrong with emotional whirlwind. Uh they it's it we've been mentioning this in our construction reports. It went down for about a monthlong reverb, brought it back, they reopened it, and then like maybe a week or two later, it closed it again. Totally unscheduled, totally unplanned. Something is not right with the emotional whirlwind, and it's mechanical. It's it's with the ride system itself. Humorous is that they they uh don't put a reopening date on the calendar. It'll say it's closed and then then a date will show up. Most recently, it was yesterday. It was for Monday. I'm sorry. Uh, no, today. Yeah, it was for today. It was supposed to reopen today according to the calendar. It's the second time it's happened. They put a date on there 20 23rd and it didn't it didn't reopen. That's twice they've done it. So, they're they're not they're not getting what they expect from emotional whirlwind for some reason. I'm not sure what's wrong. Okay, let's see. 15 minutes later, we're back at Toy Story and it looks like I've called at least part of that so far. The uh Lightning Link Q has definitely been cleared. They've cleared all that out. They've got just this stretch here, which is kind of normal. And I also said the back of the queue would be about where we left it as well. So, it I'm guessing they still haven't taken this down to 80, but that would be crazy if they didn't. As for the back of the queue, I'm going to guess it's only been 15 minutes, so I'm going to guess it's still in the uh covered area, but let's go take a look and see if we can't find it. Nonetheless, I'm laughing cuz I was going to check the sign first, but I took a peek I took a peek at it and uh 45 minutes. This is why you watch Fresh Break, you guys, because I've got this down to a well a park science. Hi, guys. Uh I've got this stuffed out. Hi, how are you? And 32 minutes after we There it is. Yes. 32 minutes after we started the clock. There goes the back of the queue coming through the mix point there. They have mixed. You're looking another five minutes to your vehicle there. That's an 80minute posted versus I'm going to guess 37 minutes. It was 32 minutes to the mix point, but it's almost always the case after the mix point. It just takes about four or five minutes to get to your vehicle. Uh so that's great. And that's great. And then they reflected that, you know, that they they they worked out that issue. They they they brought the 80 down. Uh we in a little bit we'll probably see well actually it probably should be happening now that standby queue start to get a little bit longer. Uh but I didn't get to put the camera on that. I was focused on the queue. Uh but yeah, standby will start to back up again now because it's the posted wait time is a little more reasonable at 45 minutes. All right. And now finally back to our regular scheduled programming. Symphony swings posted a 10. Uh, that might be more, but not a lot more. Uh, even if it's down here, it looks scary, but that's not bad. That's still going to be just about 15 minutes. Jumping jellyfish still running at half capacity. Uh, but that is typical for jumping jellyfish. That often runs at half capacity even when it's not under reverb, which it is. Uh, it will not show up on the reverb calendar though because it's open. They're still running the left side. There you go. Goofy Sky School. We saw a light 35minut queue on the tipboard earlier. Now that we're here, I'm seeing a 40minute queue. This is nice. This is not bad. Uh they are over here in the switchbacks, which sometimes they are, sometimes they're not. But where they aren't, which is great, is the garden. They're not in the garden. Uh you like to see that. Sometimes it is the case though when they're in the garden, but they're not in here. What you don't want to see is here and the garden. And I would rather see here than the garden. This is a little bit better. Uh, and I also do not see a lightning lane. I see there's lightning lane. That tall dude with Remy on his shoulder. That's Lightning Lane going straight in. So, uh, good chance that standby is going to move pretty briskly. So, that's going to be if that's 40, it's a quick 40. Probably the most important factor when determining whether or not Goofy Sky School is go no go is looking at Lightning Lane. If lightning lane is like it is, I'm pretty much not afraid of any queue in here, but certainly not that queue. Uh it's it's posted at 40, but it's it's most likely not. Golden Zephr operational. I mean, there's no queue here that I'm afraid of either, really. This this this attraction never gets too busy. It's just it regulates itself because it's not a very popular ride. So, you know, anything that resembles busy, people just say, you know what, I'll come back later. Uh, and that usually is if you can see the, you know, the queue down here in the bottom. Often it is the case. It's not even down here. It's just all in the stairs and up top. But it is still running. Even though there is a slight breeze up there in the trees, that is sometimes enough for them to ground the golden sever, but that is not the case today. Ariel's Undersea Adventure. It looks like they are back here in in the uh under the sea section. They are under the sea. That's a pretty beefy queue for for aerials, I have to say. Rarely am I afraid of Little Mermaid. Mostly because Lightning Lane has no effect. It's like pirates in that sense. Well, pirates does have an effect, but pirates light or aerial is such an efficient ride system that there's really it's so hard to find an attraction or find an event that causes a disruption in the flow of traffic. Lightning lane hardly ever has an impact. People don't use Lightning Lane here at Ariel, so it's barely it's barely a factor. Walk by, by the way, click what they'll do. I have to wonder, are people already done with uh food and wine? I' I've walked by these kiosks a couple times and uh cast are out there just waiting. There's just a few people in this queue right now and just a few people picking up here at Click Dudamu. I wonder uh is the uh you know the the hype part of is are they fading down? I mean, I guess it has been has it been two weeks now? two weeks. I think we're like halfway through. Healthy crowd coming down this way, though. >> Oh, yeah. Look, Uncourt, California. Nobody Nobody picking up. Nobody ordering. Nobody picking up. And nobody ordering. Wow. More crowd, but nobody's getting Nobody's picking up. Now, they they they do one ordering queue for two booths here. So, we'll see. But there's a lot of people here, but they're skipping. Are they skipping food and wine? I haven't really noticed until now. Let's see. Now, when we when we were here on Friday, this whole thing was jam-packed. When we were here two weeks ago, it's been three. No, it's been two. Yeah, two weeks. Just over two weeks. Cuz we were here two Mondays ago, and I got in this queue to get a drink, and it was maybe twice as full as it is now. This is half of what we saw. Yeah, indeed. Certainly that is a shorter queue than the one that we found two weeks ago. I mean, it's still pretty busy, but again, this is uh it's this this queue for both of these two kiosks. God, this is hilarious. You got to be kidding me. There's no way. There's no way. I came back to check in on Little Mermaid. They're calling that 60. There's no way. I mean, it's busy, but that ain't 60. There's nobody in Lightning Lane. That's the only thing that could make Little Mermaid a 60-minute is if this if Lightning Lane were a project, you know, protracted queue. But it's, you know, it's a handful of people in there. There's no way that's 60 minutes. There's not a single scenario that I can take a that would make me believe that that's an hourong queue in Little Mermaid. But congratulations to the people who are getting in it. And regardless, because uh you're not going to wait 60 minutes, you're going to get a discount. That's crazy. How? Where are they? Where are they getting 60 minutes? Any more action here at Marcato de Antios and Toss and and Tohos? There is no eye. It's an oven. Uh, two people ordering. A few people picking up. That's it. This place was bonkers when we came on here. Not as Look at this queue. What is Is this for uh Doc Hopper and uh Jerry the Fox? I think it is. Wow. >> Wow. That's incredible, >> you guys. And that was behind me. >> Go figure. Who would have thought Zootopia would be the IP for the future of Disneyland? >> Oh, hey. How's it going? >> Good. How are you doing? >> Good. Good. >> Hope you're having a good day. >> I am. Thanks. >> Yeah. You have a good one. >> Thank you. >> Uh Zootopia 2 did like what? One and a half billion. And the the the land over there, uh where they where did they build that land? I can never remember the overseas parks, but that's crushing it. I know they have plans for Zootopia here, but I've heard initially that it was going to be Disney forward, but I think that's the wrong idea, man. That's the wrong choice. Zootopia should be over here in the backlog. People love Zootopia. They love Jerry the Fox and Doc Hopper. They love Okay, I know I'm making stuff up. It's not Jerry the Fox and Doc Hopper. I know it's Judy Hops and the other Fox guy. No, Judy. Yeah, Judy Hopsson. I still want to call him Jerry the Fox. I can't even think of his real name. Anyway, we're at Redwood Creek. >> A lot of people are taking refuge here. >> At Redwood Creek, it is busier than I usually find it. They're still doing the hoppers >> overlay here. It's not really There's not much to it. Now I know who this guy is at least. Insect Price or Insect Prince, I'm sorry, because I've seen the film. I've seen hoppers, Tom Lizard, King George, Ellen the Bear, Insect Queen. It's good. It's not doing as well as Zootopia 2. It's not doing as well as Lilo and Stitch 2, which kind of, you know, like makes me crazy a little bit because people keep talking about I wish Disney would stop doing live action, but people keep going to see those films. Le Stitch, too. Moana's probably going to make a million dollars. Well, a billion dollars. uh and stop making sequels. But then but then we go to see Lilo and Stitch 2 that makes a billion dollars. Zootopia 2 makes a billion and more. But then Hoppers the new movie what people asked for a new original idea even though it's Avatar basically for for beavers beaver Avatar. Uh 250 250 million so far. It's kind of disappointing cuz it's a pretty good movie. I mean, it's not it's not the best uh it's not the best Pixar film that they've ever made, but I enjoyed it. It was fun. It was cute. It had, you know, it was a good message. I like environmental messages like that. Um, but it's just disappointing for people say things, but then they don't follow up. If you don't want any more sequels, stop going to those. And if you want original films, go see the original ones. >> Am I being a jerk? I feel like I'm being harsh. I'm going to take I'm going take that tone down a little bit. You watch how you talk to me, Fresh Bake. I forgot about this. This is a little scary. >> Wish I was 10 again. I would have so much fun here. If only I were young. Honey, stop. >> I would have spent so much time here at Redwood Creek in my younger days. This place is great, but as grown-ups, we have to settle for the real Redwood Forest, which I hope to visit someday. It's me. That reminds me, we've got a trip coming up. We're going back to Florida. Have I mentioned that recently? Uh this Saturday we're flying out to Orlando, go check in on a friend and spend some time, spend a couple days at Walt Disney World. We will be filming that and that will be showing up on this channel, the main channel, fresh baked. Uh hopefully hopefully three days. That's what we're hoping for is three days. Oh, look at that. reported in our last construction update that the water was the river was full again, but we hadn't seen boats. But there we go. We've got rafts in the water, which means we're really close to reopening. It's usually just a few days away when they start testing vehicles. It usually just takes a few days for them to reopen. Walls are still up, though. They could take these down the night before they reopen, so that's not a big deal. But you can hear Do you guys hear that? Do you Oh, man. That sounds great. When you don't hear the the the rumble of guests, you can hear the the natural sounds of the Grizzly River Run more beautifully. It sounds like an actual rushing river out there. No geysers though. Damn it. No geyser. No geyser. No geyser. I mean, I guess there's still room for them, time for them to turn them on. Maybe they don't want to, you know, turn them on while they're just in test mode. But it sure would be nice for them to show proof of life because they weren't working when this ride went clo when it closed it. They hadn't been working for a solid month at least. They weren't working before the ride went down for a lengthy reverb. And I would have hoped that that's something they could have included in a reverb. I would have hoped. >> Normally, I'm not one to say why couldn't they? You know, I hear that a lot. Why couldn't they do this or why couldn't they do that? I mean there's a lot of reasons, a lot of things we don't know. We have no idea the complexities uh that are numerous in running a theme park. It's a very complicated operation. Not for the faint of heart to be sure, but it just it sure seems like that's something that they could have done during that monthsl long reaper if they didn't. I don't want to assume they didn't. Saur doesn't look good. They look not the least bit comfortable. We're out here in the back end of the queue. That's a pl that's a part of the queue you don't want to be in. When I come to Saurin, I usually stay away if I see the queue back here. That is a nogo for me under almost every circumstance. Still soaring over California though, at least while we're during Food and Wine Festival. That's a modest cue for Lightning Lane, but standby just definitely does. They look really put out and posted. I'm going to guess it's still something like 80 minutes. Yeah, it says 75 back there. And it's probably all that. At least you get the mist though. What is the temperature right now? 80 degrees. That's a mild day for the spring. 80 degrees. Uh, it's probably it's supposed to get back the the temperatur going to go down, but while we're in Florida, the temperatures will be back in the 70s. Probably by the time we get back, it'll be hot again. Just too much heat, man. I get enough of that during the summer. I I I want my mild spring back. And we're back to Car Circle. It's been lovely. I got to say, it's been a lovely day here at DCA. I hope the people here enjoyed themselves as much as I did today. It was great and I hope you guys enjoyed this show as well. I've had a absolutely lovely time spending it with you. Before I go, I want to ask everybody to take a minute to check out our preferred travel affiliates getaway today. There's a . If you're planning a trip to the Disneyland Resort, Walt Disney World, Alani, or you name it. Hi. Uh, please do consider using our our friends at Getaway Today. They are the best in the business. And I'm sorry that I took so long to remind you guys this. >> Yes, sir. >> Hi, guys. I usually try to do that at the middle of the show, but I don't want to forget our friends at Getaway Today. Use the . Let them know he sent you. And we'll see you next time, guys. Thanks for watching. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake.
