---
video_id: gvOECZ1eBLE
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Miserable Rain at Disneyland! | State of Disneyland 2026-02-16"
published: 2026-02-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvOECZ1eBLE
---
Are the crowds back at Disneyland? Was the event of two weeks ago a sign of pretty much nothing at all? We're going to try to find out on this rainy day at Disneyland. 4 minutes later, it's our state of Disneyland report. And this is Fresh Bait. Wish me luck. Fresh bait. State of Disneyland in the pouring rain. and we'll get this show started. Town Square, Main Street on this Monday morning. It's 11:46 Monday morning. It's 58 degrees and the current condition is that it's raining. Yes, very much. It's quite miserable. Actually, if I don't mind my saying, I or if you don't mind my saying, miserable in the sense that it's not it's not just raining. It's it's chilly. Uh and there's a lot of wind out here today, which is making it difficult to keep your umbrella in a correct position. Certainly one of the more difficult and and I I hate to use the word miserable because we're at Disneyland, but it's really just it's not very pleasant out here. It's not very pleasant on this morning. And we're going to endeavor to do our state of Disney report. Thank you guys very much for joining us. By the way, uh for those of you new to the show and uh or new to the format, we're going to take a complete tour around the park. We're going to go to every land and every attraction and we're going to talk about what is the state of Disneyland. Uh you we're going to check out some cues. We're going to talk about what's new around the park. hopefully give you guys a good understanding of what's happening, what is the state of Disneyland right now. I I don't think we're going to have any difficulty finding a story line today because it is raining a lot. One thing that we can report is they have somehow decided to bring back the sign. It has been a couple what it's been 2 months now. Is it 2 months? No, a month since uh Christmas ended. And they they waited all that time and now they brought the 70th anniversary sign back. I I was really hoping they didn't. But I will say that uh they put in some new this is your news for you. They put in some new landscaping here at Town Square which I'm really enjoying and we'll see some more at the hub hopefully if I if I remember correctly. But they've got the spring flowers in here. I wish we could report on, you know, the spring changeover that's happening in the park today, but it's just not going to be very visible or enjoyable. I do love this time of year. I do. I love I love the incoming of spring. Uh that's that's always a great time for me, just not today. We also don't have to go very far for our other early news story. Great moments with Mr. Lincoln. We've been, you know, paying attention to the situation here for the longest time since it since the Walt animatronic started. It was just Walt uh unless Walt was uh you know, having some difficulty and then so they brought in a relief pitcher and Abraham Lincoln. But uh as of last Friday they are now running both shows assuming all things being equal. Uh so in this case today you've got Walt Disney there are shows today see the app for hours and there are shows today of Mr. Lincoln as I understand it. It's morning A.M. for uh uh Lincoln and PM for Walt Disney. Now, what's going to happen when uh eventually down the line, you'll see showtimes appear here. If they're going to start alternating the shows, instead of uh shows today, they'll they'll have show times. And by the way, if one of the if one if either Walt or Lincoln are offline for the day, instead of saying shows today, it'll say continuous shows, meaning only Walt or only Lincoln continuously. And that is the state of the Main Street Opera House. So, let's get back down Main Street. Uh, on our way, I will say I apologize in advance. Uh, this is going to be a slightly more intimate show than you might normally get at our state airports or in general because of the rain that I'm going to have to keep my my camera underneath the umbrella. So, there's normally I like to have it out here, but I can't because that's outside the Anyway, uh, here we go. Let's Mason Street. I'm shocked, by the way. Shocked by how many people are here on such a blustery day. Look at how busy it is on Main Street. I was I mean normally on a rainy day and I think this happened in our last state of Disney report that we did in the rain. Let me get that tag out of there. Uh or not tagged anyway. Um I was kind of surprised at how busy Mason Street normally is a lot. You know, people people skip it. You don't have to splash on purpose. Uh people skip it. you know, skip Disneyland uh on a rainy day, but that is not the case anymore because most people are locked in uh with the reservations and all that. Um but it it is very very especially if you're buying or using that uh discounted ticket which is creating more urgency in the park. Um, we're also going to be trying to balance what we found here 2 weeks ago, which was a completely dead park, which seemed to be some kind of isolated phenomena, uh, because, uh, every day after that has been bonkers pretty much. Uh, so there for some reason, we we caught a vortex of quietness at Disneyland. And this this park that we're seeing right now in this rain already feels at least as busy as that day was, and maybe more. Uh, so it's going to be a fascinating tour around this park today, around Disneyland. One that I might expect will go a little bit more briskly perhaps than our typical state report because I there's not going to be a lot of Q signs going on today. Not a lot of analysis of cues, I don't expect. Ooh, but look, let's analyze the hub right now. I really wish it wasn't raining so that I could really fully appreciate the situation. Maybe you could, too. But look at how beautiful the flowering pink trumpet trees are coming in. Especially that rear one, the one in the back there that that comes in frame with the man horn is always the one that people photograph. Uh, and it's always the one that comes in the earliest. The other two or three. Yeah, this one's not even coming in at all. That one's not. That one's like halfway bloomed. We are in what, midFebruary? That one's halfway. Same for that guy. He's kind of getting there. But for whatever reason, this sucker always blooms the prettiest and the brightest and the fastest and the most fullest. It's beautiful. Here comes the spring season. By the way, I mentioned the landscaping. Wonderful. I'm really enjoying this all the color out here in these planters. That is the state of the hub right now. Let's get going. Let's keep moving because I want to keep moving because it's raining. Let's go to Adventure Land, guys. I don't know if this is going to come through or not. I really don't know if the experience that you're going to see through the lens is going to is going to match what we're feeling in the park because this rain right now is almost sideways. I don't know if you can you see that even I don't know how people go through the park without like an umbrella or a or or a poncho or something. Like there are folks out here just just going straight with maybe a jacket. I I just impressive that that people can do that. I don't know for how long you can how long can you last? I mean you're going to get soaked. >> So certainly it won't be as mayhem coming through here as it normally might be. But it's still I mean there's still a lot of people here. What are they choosing you guys? What are you choosing when you're here right now? Are you getting on the Jungle Cruise? We'll check on that in a second. Just enjoy. I'll try to give you some of this aesthetic as well. Some of the rain aesthetic along the way. Maybe that's like I said, that's the story cuz there are, you know, visible signs of the rain everywhere. Hopefully you can hear it, too. Uh, no. People are not choosing the Jungle Cruise. Is it? No, it's not even open. Okay. Well, that explains a lot. Uh, the door is shut and the rope is up. Jungle Cruise is closed. Now, that's typical. They're going to be a number of casualties today uh from the rain today. A number of, you know, outdoor attraction type stuff or attractions. They're trackless, that kind of thing. uh any outdoor attraction is is going to be subject to not operating. Uh which means, you know, when you're talking about what are you choosing? Well, obviously people are going to be choosing the the the rides that give you the longest relief from the elements outside, the least exposure to the rain. So, that does include rides like like Indiana Jones. That's usually one of the things that comes as a shock to people when they come to Disneyland in the rain and they're expecting discounts everywhere. They're expecting nobody to show up and for all the rides to be walk-ons. And that is just not the case because a as we just mentioned with the reservation system, you're kind of locked in. That's a 50inute a 50-minute standby wait time right now for Indiana Jones. People are locked in to their reservations. The only people who are not showing up today are the locals uh with their Magic Key reservations. They're going to cancel those. Maybe they did it on the day before because we knew this rain was coming. So, uh, the Magic Keys have plenty of time to cancel. Uh, but those people who have, you know, multi-day tickets, etc., or who have, uh, you know, coming in from out of town, they are, they're here. They have to be. Meanwhile, because of all the ride closures, consolidations happened. The guests that aren't in the Jungle Cruise right now, well, where else are they going to go? They're going to go to the next attraction. By the way, I don't know if you noticed, I haven't said anything yet, but they are actually in the extended jungle cruise here right now. Very bad. Very, very bad for people who are trying to ride Indiana Jones today in this in this condition. Looks like they are going to Oh, no. I thought they were going to clear the whole section, but they're not. We are now crossing. Okay, we had to wait there to cross because they were emptying that jungle crease queue. And I'm going to try to sneak to the back because I want to see how dastardly this queue is right now. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Okay, I you guys, I can't wait to show you what I just saw, but I got to stay on target. I can't stay on target. But boy, did I see something very fascinating just now. Okay, here's the queue. I can't wait to show you. Here's the queue for Indiana Jones. Uh, it's full. It's It's very, very full. This is 100% going to be a sucky queue to be in right now. I hope you brought your umbrella. It's packed. Uh, it's probably not all the way to 50. It's probably closer to 35 or 40, but it's still no delight. Now, I've been talking about this for a couple of years now. I think a couple of years they've done it or they're doing it. Look, it it's all gone. All that stuff is gone from the deck. They they I think they're doing it. I think they're going to replace this deck. The Jungle Cruise is closing and I think they're going to replace this deck and all of the art uh uh I don't know the thematic elements that were out here. There was a generator. Uh I think it was and now I can't remember what it was, but it's all gone. They've taken it all out. They're going to replace all that wood right there. And you think that's supposed to be themed rotted wood, but it's actual rotted wood. It's uh it's all it's all um decayed and etc. from the elements. So, I think they're going to redo the foundation down there and then and then and then rebuild this deck right here, which is incredible. The only thing they didn't take was that the ruin or that that stone tablet there. I don't know why, but uh that makes me so very very happy because it's either Well, I don't know. It's been 2 years. It's been Well, it's been that long at least, I think, uh that's we've been working on this. So, I can't say that they're listening necessarily because, you know, 2 years is a long time if they're listening to like do something about it, but at least they are, you know, and they they they recognize that that's >> Hi guys, how are you? >> Uh they recognize that that's a situation that, you know, could use some fixing and we're going to get it's a detail. It's a detail that that that needs to be or that that represents and shows that theme matters. Theme matters. Okay, that was exciting, guys. I'm I'm super glad I was here today to catch that. Uh, okay. Uh, Pirates of the Caribbean next. I mean, this is going to be a walk-on, hopefully. Although, like I said, this is one of those attractions where you're going to be indoors for quite a while, so it's going to draw some guests, but the queue moves here so well that it'll definitely be pretty light. Uh, there is some waiting out there. I'm seeing a 20 minute posted wait time, but I do see some queue. You know what? People go on the bridge. I do see some people waiting out there, but there's nobody out here obviously. This would just be awful. This imagine being in this queue right now. This would be just awful. Even with an umbrella and everything else, you know, it's like absolut you're total total exposure. You are, you know, even with an umbrella and everything else, you're going to get hit with some rain. Uh I am I'm wearing a jacket and I'm wearing using an umbrella and already uh my pants are soaked. I bought one of the or the legs, you know. My my my calves are soaked right now. Okay. >> Uh yeah, it's still I mean, yeah, that's a good size queue for Pirates in the Rain, I think. Good showing. Uh I wouldn't call Maybe that 15 minutes. Yeah, that's about 15 minutes right there. Do you think they're Do you think they're stoked? I mean, I guess I would be. Yes, as long as you're not out here on the bridge like in this section of the queue, which they're there they had this all set up, which is kind of shocking because everybody knew this rain was coming. We've known about this rain for a week. So, uh it's not exactly Hi, guys. Uh it's not exactly news, but they were out here. They were prepped for big crowds today. They put up the ropes and everything, and now they're taking this one down. Uh and I I wouldn't be surprised if they eventually take this one down. The rain is supposed to last all day today. I don't think we're getting any relief from this rain today. In fact, I think it's supposed to rain again tomorrow and it's supposed to rain again Wednesday. We were going to do our Fantasy Land challenge. We're going to do uh the speedrun, the Fantasy Land speedrun on Wednesday, but I don't think I can do it. It'll be uh well, some of the rides will be closed. Matt Tea Party will be closed. They might close story book. They might They'll probably Hi, guys. All right. >> Love your content. Thank you so much for >> You bet. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. Uh Alice in Wonderland. So, and then it would be kind of a cheat anyway. Like it's it' be almost too easy in that sense. So, uh I might have to put that one off until next week. No challenge for the ducks today, though. Look at how full this river is. They've almost uh the river's almost consumed the the barrels, the floating barrels out there. That's that that's about the highest I think I've ever seen this water line here at the river. And it's only been raining just this one day. Okay. In the interest of staying dry. Let's keep this party moving. Like I said, this might be the most brisk uh state of Disneyland report we've ever done simply because god golly, it's it's it's pouring. I'm going to get soaked and it's cold and uh yeah, there's not a lot to talk about. Good luck to all of you at Tiana's Palace trying to stay dry, trying to bring us. Okay, so I asked a question when I was uh in our last rainy day state of Disney report. What do you do about eating when I don't know if you can see that? What do you do when every table that you want to sit at that's available looks like that? What do you do? Uh I mean, you could sit in the rain. You could sit there and let the rain fall all over you and be wet. That's not an answer. Uh now that one that table probably you're not going to sit at no matter what. But uh the number the best response I got from from our viewers was to bring a squeegee which I thought was genius. They don't take up a lot of you can you can like a little handheld one not with a not with a long handle but you know maybe a short-handled one would fit easily in a backpack. Bring that sweetie so you can at least uh wipe off the table that you're going to sit at if it's covered. If it's at least semi- covered you can do that at least. Uh, and then you can also do the same for your seats. It's even more important for the seats so you can sit without sitting in a in a in a wet seat. Fantastic idea. >> How's it going? So, there you go. 35 minutes posted for Haunted Mansion, which is obviously not going to be true, but this isn't a contraction that's going to draw a crowd typically. It is just not letting up at all, you guys. It is pouring out right now. Look. water everywhere. But yeah, uh if you see no guests over here in Leotaas Garden, uh that's a go no matter what. That's a pretty much a go. So, it's not going to be 35 minutes. The queue that they have right now is back is is ending right around that fountain at the end there. They're going to make that U-turn. That's pretty much the back of the queue. So, you've got just that stretch and the covered area back there uh with the crift, etc. So, maybe 20 minutes. Damn, man. And I think this I think the rain is actually maybe getting worse. You could just It's so visible, which is strange for for Southern California. Look at all that. I've got a I got a hater for a for a grande pike right now from Starbucks or maybe just a hot chocolate from somewhere. Only problem is I can't I can't walk I can't walk and and talk with it. I can't walk and shoot with a coffee or a hot chocolate because I've got one hand on my umbrella and one hand on the camera. I got nothing else to do. Tiana's go get Tiana's is still cranking out. I love it. Seriously though, no big deal. We're already wet. You're already soaked. Might as well. In for a penny, in for a pound, as expected. Moving briskly through the park. 12:15 as we arrive here at Bayou Country. We've been on the job for 30 minutes already or so. That's all. But 10 minutes posted for Tiana's. Um pretty standard on a rainy day. You're not going to have any kind of weight. That 10 minutes is probably not even 10. It's you could probably walk straight through. Uh looks Oh man. See, there's casualties. Uh not not surprised though. right now >> that Winnie the Pooh it's not they don't close Winnie the Pooh because it rains not permanently like they do for Alice or the teacups. Uh it is an operating attraction but uh it is it is often it's it's very fragile in these conditions. Uh so they they probably have to bring it up and down often throughout the day. Uh so you can see that there's crew. Yeah, they've got they got vehicles out there. They're ready to work. The cast are ready to work. No, but they've got crew out here probably doing some kind of rain maintenance on Indiana Jones. Indiana Jones, I said on Way to Poo. Here you go. So, uh Tiana's obviously straight walk on. Look at the rain. Oh my gosh. Wow. Wow. Wow. Let's go take a look at Hungry Bear. I want to see uh how how crowded it is there. People are People are looking for cover anywhere you can get it. Uh, and there is minimal cover. Minimal. And I remember more cover downstairs than there is upstairs. >> No, I stopped moving. I just can't keep my eyes off this rain. I'm surprised there's not more accumulation on the ground puddlewise. Uh, okay. No waiting at Hungry Bear. All right. See that right there? Oh my gosh. Yeah, there's not a lot of tables that really are covered. I mean, wow, you guys. Seriously. Yeah, I don't think a squeegee is going to work on that. But so back here, right, so there's really no cover here at all. They've got these uh flimsy little awnings or not even awnings. I don't know what they call that exactly. I used to know, but now it doesn't come to mind. But those give you very no production really at all. You can see every single table back here is is wet. How do you eat? Oh my gosh. That's like the reason to stay home if you're going to think of one. That's really It's not the rides, it's the food. How do you eat? four hours. Four or five hours. Sometimes under four if the things are going briskly, but that's how long it usually takes me to make my tour during state of Disneyland reports. I'm like, God, I hope I hope it doesn't take me four or five hours to do one today. So far, we're on a good pace. Let's go to Star Wars Rise of Resistance. Hey, it reopened, you guys. It reopened. But, uh, nothing happened as far as I could tell. And by that I mean uh no guest spacing changes, no show changes. The ride is the ride as it was before. Uh so people are just happy to be riding Rise of Resistance again. Uh pretty this is a pretty brisk crowd here for rides. They're in section two, kind of in section three right now. There's section three over there a little bit there. Section two. I This is a go. This is a popular rainy day attraction because again it's one of those it's it's a very long queue indoors uh and it's a long ride with the pre-show and everything. So, you get to spend a lot of time, you know, outside of the elements again. Uh, and and your and your reward, your your, you know, for for doing that is is a fantastic ride. So, it's obviously this should be one of the, you know, more popular attractions on a rainy day. I'm I am concerned though because it's a trackless ride that uh there's possibility some of well I guess you guests don't put their feet on there and they I don't think it's it's I don't think it's probably very easy to get water on the track itself. So that's probably okay there. Uh but yeah, I would get in this queue. Absolutely. I would get in this queue if I were here on a rainy day. And I'm going to guess that posted wait time is probably uh 60 minutes. I would also see there are going to be people doing Lightning Lane here, but I'm like I kind of want Yeah, it's exactly 60 minutes or is that 80? That's an eight. 80 minutes. Not surprising. Uh because Lightning Lane very lightning lane is a very popular choice today. It looks like Let's see if we can't sneak around. But I would I would say maybe don't do that because >> Hi, how are you guys? >> Oh my gosh. Our favorite everyday. >> Well, thank you. Thank you very much you guys. You know, I think I want to spend time in the queue. Uh I want to spend the time being out of the rain, but you This is more traffic than we typically see coming through Lightning Lane. Uh it's often just empty or maybe, you know, a handful of guests, but uh it's doing pretty well. So, people are choosing Rise of Resistance and choosing to spend what I assume to be probably $25 today to ride Rise with Lightning Lane. My hands are freezing. Now, I'm wondering how I'm going to do a Oh, the rain stopped >> for a minute, maybe. Uh, I'm wondering how I'm going to do my tipboard cuz I I got to sit down and do that. Can I do a walk and talk tipboard? I don't know, maybe if we're lucky, we'll be able to find a seat in Docking Bay 7, though I am not hopeful of that. Certainly is busy here at Ronto Roers. This is decent cover. Ronto Roers has decent cover, but just not a lot of tables. But the rain has stopped. I don't have a squeegee though. I did not bring a squeegee. I think it stopped. Yeah. No, they did turn more lights on in here, which is strange. Normally, it's quite a bit darker inside here, but they've turned on some lights. No place is set, though. Good luck with that. Keep going. Wow. Well, I guess we just keep the show going and we'll put it off to uh Red Rose Tavern and get a hot chocolate over there. I'm going to do that anyway. Actually, I think I'm going to do that anyway. But hopefully we can find a table there. But I'm not I'm not expecting that to be the case. I'm not expecting there to be much of a wait here. Oh, see, there he goes. I got to turn this thing sideways now. Uh there's not going to be much of a wait at uh I go this way. Uh wait at Smuggler's Run. It's close to 20 right now. But again, this is a fine choice. If your goal is simply to get out of the rain, this a fine choice. longish queue, pre-show, good or a good length ride, and it's the kind of queue you don't mind waiting in a little while, even if it is backed up. That's certainly more guests than I'm accustomed to joining me when I when I walk into these queues or into this queue, I should say. Smokers run. Normally I am not accompanied by 45 other people. Normally I'm by myself. See that back there? So many people behind me and a bunch of people in front of me. Nobody waiting on the catwalks up there. >> Yeah. No, it looks like they're walking straight on. A replay of two weeks ago. >> Still no waiting. Briskly moving through. We're probably going to go straight to Honda room. Come on, guys. Okay, we found it back to the queue right here. So, not not as it's it was actually slower two weeks ago than it is today. Two weeks ago, we rode Smuggish Run. The back of the queue was right here. And we we pretty much walked right in to uh the pre-show there. This queue is busier today in the rain than it was two weeks ago. that Monday was such an anomaly that I I think I have to throw it out in terms of any kind of analysis which I may have to wind up doing anyway just in general because it's just become so difficult to understand or predict you know what's happening because um I they're they're you know they're using they're trying to be too precise and something we talked about in the state of DC report there's too many variables there's too many ticket prices and and uh you know things that they're doing the discounted ones etc like I feel like the crowds would actually have a better chance of evening out now, being more consistent if that's the goal if they just took out the, you know, uh, the reservation system and maybe flatten the tier pricing a little bit. I don't know. I just feel like I feel like they're trying too hard. Trying too hard. All right. Well, coming out a lot of guests coming into that attraction right now. I wouldn't be surprised if they bumped that that wait time up from 20 minutes even. I that's a a very popular choice right now. Smoker's Run is. And no sooner did I say that it was stopped raining. Hasn't come back again. Briskly, it's now colder than it was. What is the temperature now? I feel like it's a degree colder. Let's take a look. Yep, it is now 57°. It was 58 when we got here. Ogus is still closed. That's going to reopen in March. While there are no guest facing changes at Rise of the Resistance, we are expecting changes here at Ogas, including I'm hoping, although this isn't confirmed, I'm hoping that we can hear the modal nodes out here. You know, the cantina theme song when we walk by something identifiable. I'm now having to tilt my umbrella again because the wind it wouldn't be so bad if it was just straight down rain. But when the wind gusts, it hits you in the side of your face even though you got an umbrella. Okay. Not a lot of storm troopers out today, I guess. on our way to Fenison. Let me uh update you guys a little bit on that that Toy Story Bus news. We talked about this two weeks ago. Uh we were predicting a possible apocalypse if if there wasn't a plan. Although I assumed at the time there had to be a plan cuz there's no way that Disney is going to make guests walk to the Toy Story bus line or I should say from the Toy Story parking lot. There's no way they're going to make them walk if they wanted to keep that lot open. either they close it or they have a plan already. And uh Disney has confirmed via KTLA. They reported that Disney has said that they do have uh well there is some kind of plan because they said that operations would not there would be no disruption. There would be no disruption to the to service. I got to make sure I say this correctly. Service from the Toy Story parking lot to Disneyland. Now, we can't I don't know if we can call I guess we can call them Toys R buses, but it it it won't be the art line that's serving. It could be the same buses with a different skin on it. It could be the same buses, but operated by a different company, a different third party company that's just kind of taking over operations. Uh, you know, temporarily at least. But the bottom line is per Disney on March 31st, the art line will close. The art bus service will close. On April 1st, there will still be buses taking guests from the Toy Story parking lot to Disneyland. Now, what they didn't say, and this is an important uh you know, a little filler here, what they didn't say is whether or not the art bus is, you know, the service that was taking people from other parts of Anaheim and that, you know, the serving area around Disneyland Resort where the other hotel is going to continue to be serviced. Uh there's bus service from I forget the name of you know where the uh the the bus depot over there by the by the pond. My gosh, guys going like 100 miles an hour. Uh uh you know the bus line over there by I said the pond the arrowhead center. What what is it called now? I don't even know. The Honda Center, you know, there's a bus service from there. There's bus service from different spots around the around the resort area. So, I don't know if those buses are going to keep operating. I just know that the Toy Story parking lot will still have service. Stopped in Red Rose Tavern. It is an absolute zoo in here. Absolute zoo. No, obviously no place to sit down and even rest for a second. or do the >> tip for it. I did get my hot chocolate, so that's good. But otherwise, yeah, no go inside the Red Rose Tavern. Let's get back to work. It was fascinating to watch people try to negotiate. You know, there's people are desperate to eat. There's food. There's people getting food in there, but there's nowhere to go. And they're like trying to they're trying to reconcile, you know, how to get the food eaten. There's no there's very few places. They were they were sitting on the against the wall. They were sitting on these little makeshift tables in there. Uh hey, look at that. That's a dry table almost right there. That's a half a dry chair. Two dry chairs. Wow. I'm beside myself with shock. Uh okay. So, uh like I said, we're going to keep this story going. Casey Jr., guys, look at Casey Jr. right now. If I can get up these steps. It is open. Casey Junior is open. Not a single guest. Is there even anybody in the train that's going by? I saw a train go by. They're They're probably only running the one. Let's see any trains. There's one. Casey Junior's on the track. Uh, one. Okay, they're only in the cages and then in that covered uh the the rumble seat in the back. And that's it. Uh, nobody in the queue over here at Dumbo either. This is what I'm talking about. These are the empty cues. But again, Dumbo is not exactly a ride amendable to a rainy day. Uh, I'm going to just peek from the backside here. I can see guests coming in and they're going right to their vehicles. It's a direct walk-on. Let's get this show on the road. >> They're going to send this rotation. >> Are there any guests in here? Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Two guests. Four guests. Six guests. Eight. That's it. Eight guests in that rotation. That's what I'm talking about. There's no, you can't do any recon out here today. There's no Q signs to do. >> Okay. Pinocchio probably a straight walk on also. >> Actually, Pinocchio is a great idea right now. I would I would ride nothing but dark rides today. That's what I would be doing. I'll just be getting in dark rides. >> Small world. Is Small World open? Yeah, Small World's open, I think. >> Snow White. There you go. So, that's kind of popular right now. Decent weight there for Snow White. >> Peter Pan is an absolute discount. They've got chains up or the chains are always up. They got ropes up. They're already for more and they're calling it 30 which is not uh 30 minutes would be all of those chains full right there. This is probably 15 or 20 is my guess which is a quite a discount for Peter Pan. What's up? Uh I would definitely take that. I would ride these five dark rides on a loop if I were here today. Mr. Toads, you can warm up in hell. Although, I noticed that they don't I I don't remember if the heat's on like it was. This is That's the back of queue right there. Wow. Really? Now, I want to know if it's warm back there. Hey, guys. Uh they're calling that. Look at that. Well, they're not even sure. They want to call it 30. It's definitely not. But I definitely need to know if it's uh warm and hell today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's the highway. I didn't know how much I needed that until just now. Man, did I need that. It has been a rough well, not just even a rough day. The last couple of days have been pretty rough. I haven't been on an actual an attraction ride in like since since Wednesday. It's been almost a week since I've been on any kind of ride at Disneyland. Was it even Wednesday? I can't remember now. But yeah, that was great. No, it was not. It was Monday. No, >> it has been two weeks cuz I didn't write anything on Did I ride anything on DCA day? It might have been It might be two weeks since I've been on any kind of attraction. Man, I love that. That was great. That was great. They turned the heat off in hell though. They did turn it off. Uh, it's no longer hot. They're I guess they're Hi guys. Uh, I guess they're trying not to give you the impression that it is hell and that it's just some other demonic place. Not hell, but demons just to say. Uh, okay. So, to Mad Tea Party, I mean, come on. Mad Tea Party. Nobody's picking teal. Nobody's picking anything on there. That's closed. They close us all as always, uh, in the rain. Same for Alice in Wonderland. This is always closed when it rains. Although you can hear the sound of the Matah Horn that is open. But we'll check in on that in a little bit once we finish the rest of Fantas Land in the other direction. And again though, I'm I'm I'm really happy to see this many guests out here having a good time in the rain. Man, the rain is at least not as brutal as it was before. It's more of a heavy No, it's not. No, it's still rain. It's rain rain, but it's not like sideways or the wind isn't as bad as it was before. This is a much more pleasurable rain day experience. >> Hi guys. Uh, Storybook Land is closed also. >> Looks pretty though, doesn't it? Story Land looks pretty like this. Very enjoyable looking. Yeah, I was just trying to recollect now. So, uh, Friday I didn't go on any rides. I just do construction recon and that's it. I don't go on rides. The Wednesday before that I was supposed to do a video, but I didn't. Then Monday was state of DCA. Didn't go on any rides. Then the Friday before that, construction and recon, no rides. So, it was the Wednesday night. Was it Wednesday night was the last time I've been on a ride? Like almost two weeks. Incredible. That's so rare for me. Small World is open. Thank goodness. Classic Small World is open. 5minute wait uh standby is Yeah, they're just they're they're they're actually there's a queue building. Uh but it's they're just going up and right around the corner and into the queue. What a what a wonderful discount this is because this is almost entirely unaffected by the rain. just that last part when you come back out of the uh out of the ride, but that's not so bad. This is a great This is a great opportunity to ride Small World today. My goodness. And you're getting, you know, the OG. There's a guy on the track out there. The train must be Do you guys see that? There's a guy on the track out there, huh? Uh the train is operating as far as I know. He must be scouting for maybe some cows or something. Oh, look at that. The scrim is down at Trouidor Tavern. We haven't seen what they've been working on here for months. They've been working on this roof for months. And I have to say it looks exactly as it did when when they put the scrim up a couple months ago. I can't tell anything. It looks exactly the same. Am I crazy? Huh? Uh, walls up, scrims up. They're getting ready for celebrate soulfully and or Hey guys, how are you? Uh, that could be Hi guys. That could be Bluey stuff too. I would thought they are doing celebrate soulfully here on this stage, but they don't usually that show doesn't have theming. It doesn't have stage elements. That seems more like it would be Bluey. I can't get back there cuz they've got these uh barricades up. They know all they know. I'll look. I'm so sorry, Disney that you have to tolerate me like this though. I mean, I can't help it. You guys, I like that. I want to inform people. Dizzy, if you're watching, I want to inform people what's happening to give the because because there's not a lot, you know, people want to know. They want to know what's going on and you won't tell us, right? So, I'm going to do my best to tell them just so they have a, you know, set the expectation. Nothing. There's no nefarious intent, you know? I'm just having fun with it. But yeah, uh I just know it's to keep people from looking, man. Okay. Toontown. They got the broomers out pushing that water out of here. You got They do that all the day. It's the constant brooming of water out of the walkways. Disney does a great job of making the park uh possible on a rainy day. Uh cuz there's lots of lows and that's where that happens. Whenever there's a wherever there's a low, there's a depression in the surface. It's like I mean we are going uphill and the water is going downhill naturally, but there's it's where those little spaces where it's going both uphill and downhill that you get those accumulations of water like it is at the bottom of this hill here. And then there's a drain right there that they can push all that water into. This might be one of those rare chances of getting through Toontown, by the way, uh without too much difficulty. This is usually a mad house no matter what, but it's actually kind of pleasant here right now. Wow. Look it. Wow. Wow. Wow. It's all squishy. It's very squishy. Okay. 45 minutes posted. Let's investigate. As usual, we're looking for anything inside the prop room. If you can get inside the prop room, you're looking at about 30 minutes or so. >> That's the prop room. Props. So, we're in good shape. This is a win. This is a go situation, but we're still going. Wow. Are we going to get all the way to Baby Herman? Wow, Baby Herman, I almost walked right by you, sir. Okay. >> Okay, we're in the sack room. Oh my gosh. Through the sax room. We're in the dip room now. We're still going. We have not found the back of the queue. We got all the way through the dip room. I mean, I'm all the way in here. I guess I I keep going again. And four minutes later and that's our boat. Heat. Heat. Oh god, I wish we had a portable hole. Oh, look. >> Thank you, Roger. It feels like the park is slowing down. We are off to a very hectic start almost. You know, going through Adventure Land and New Orleans Square was kind of crazy, but things have gotten much more pleasant back here in Fantasy Land and now Toontown. I just jumped on two rides. Toy Story, I mean, uh Mid uh Mickey Mini's Runaway Railway is posted at 20. I'm not going to get on this one. Uh, I posted at 20 minutes. Let's go take a look. Yeah, man. This one's moving pretty well, too. Although, I see I do see the back of the queue right there. So, the back of the queue is in uh the second prop room, which is not bad at all. Especially not for a runaway railway. Whether or not it's a rainy day, this is a go situation. Absolutely get in this queue. has turned out to be a lovely time. The the the rain has stopped more. Well, not stopped. The rain has lessened. It's not as brutal as it was and it's driven out a lot of the uh the on the fence type guests. And now you're getting a very goable park and it's not too bad. It's not it's not like miserable like it was when we first arrived. When I first got in the park today, I was like, "Oh my god, how am I going to how am I going to get through this day?" Cuz that's not necessarily because I'm at Disney in the rain, but I got to shoot and manage the camera, my backpack, and you know, all these other little manual. I'm like, "This is going to be a difficult day." Just, you know, technically I'm having a great time, man. I'm going on rides. I'm I'm just having a good time. This is great, man. This is Disneyland in the rain, man. Okay. Uh Minnie's house is uh that's not bad. You hardly ever see it inside the fence there. So, that's good. Minnie's house is not too bad. That's posted at 20. It's about right, I would imagine. Although, I don't really ever meet Minnie, so I can't say for sure. Mickey's says 30 minutes. You might think, well, gosh, that should be a walk-on also. But on a rainy day, this is a great uh thing to do. It's a great draw. Although, Tombtown is dead. So, considering how dead it is out here, I would be shocked if that were actually 30 minutes cuz nothing here is what it says. By the way, again, posted 45. It was posted 45 at Roger Rabbit and we were in our vehicle in 5 minutes. Looks like we got another casualty. Gadget's coaster is close. Although ah is is Chip did Chip hit the target? I thought he was a little bit short. Yeah, he's getting it there. That's good enough. Close enough. Close enough. Chip. Toontown. Quite a delight today. 20 minutes for Runaway Railway. 5 minutes for Roger Rabbit. This uh playyard is open. It's empty. I mean, when do you ever see that? I mean, I know it's raining, but when do you ever see that? >> Never. Oh, how lovely though. >> I just I don't know why I'm just That's lovely. Just lovely. And then you they fall on the ground right here, right? And this is just a little children's play area. Why am I losing myself over this right now? It's lovely. And maybe, you know, the the the aesthetics of everything become more visible when there's not, you know, a thousand people crowding you and you can take a minute to observe and and enjoy some of the thematic choices, etc. Otherwise, you know, sometimes it just feels like chaos and you don't get to look and and appreciate those things. You don't get to appreciate Uh, Lake Centennial or Centennial Lake. Yeah, Centennial Lake here. Do you guys remember when this was a sinkhole? I don't know. For those of you who get back in Frank, David. Uh, there we go. For those of you who've been watching Construction Reporters and Fresh Bait for a long time, when Toontown first opened, sooner had they opened this space right here. All this was new, right? They redid all of this. They did this new. No sooner had they opened it that they have to close it again because uh this wasn't properly done or whatever when they built it initially. And matter of fact, they rushed it because it was raining so much that they rushed the completion of it, I think. And this this area around that tree around the Centennonial Park tree was a sinkhole. They fixed it. It's fine now. You guys ever done Manahorn in the Rain? I think I talked about this last time. I did Matah a horn in the rain once. It was brutal. Uh but no, it's uh it's still going to be busy. When we walk by there, I'm going to expect a 20 2530 minute wait probably. Wow, I forgot. That's right. Uh I forgot we we caught this on our construction report on Friday. Idle by Snacks is closed. We'll get into this first. Uh they're closing this because they're doing some actual construction. Let me see if I can't get this into frame. Uh you can see it right here on just to the right of the building over that fence line. They have uh they have stripped I think I'm pretty sure there was a roof on that thing, right? That's a little shaded area where the queue kind of collected uh and looked out over the water. I'm pretty sure there was that was that was there was a coverings there, were there not? And I think that is what they're doing. And they're doing that. And I think they're also doing some work on the uh actual counter service area. Uh or we've been doing these ride alongs. It was kind of hilarious. We do these ride alongs now for our memberships. Uh it's it's you know um it's I'm doing my construction recon, but I'm also vlogging while we're doing it and kind of talking to you guys about what I see. It's kind of a first look. Uh the ride along is usually published, if I do one, it'll be published on the Saturday or Sunday prior to uh the construction report on Monday, but it's for memberships only. Now, again, uh before I even get into that, memberships are extra content. This is not I'm not putting anything new or anything existing behind a payw wall. You're getting all the same content you get on on uh fresh baked as usual. That's all still free, but we're doing a little bit extra uh for those guests who are interested um those viewers. Anyway, so we do these ride alongs and I'm I'm walking through I had just gotten done going through Rise of Resistance. Well, I'll just show you the clip. The entire Fresh Bake construction report is DCA Disneyland Drive and Catella Avenue. Paint on the sidewalks. That's it. There's a new fence. They're buzzy. How am I supposed to keep a construction uh playlist going? How am I supposed to keep this thing going if the most important thing that's happening in the park is there's they're building a new fence on Disneyland Drive? Disney, help me out. >> Help me out. Hey, why are those walls up? Why are there walls up over there? As if to answer my request, I snacks is closed. And you can already see that they've done some demo right there. They're building I think they're building a new um a new you know service you know what what do they call that uh the service counter. I think they're doing that and they're extending the the shady area. So those are the walls. When I looked at them I thought it was Matahorn for the angle that I was seeing things. But uh yeah that's just Idleb. Yeah. I don't know why man. This Idleb project's got me a little bit excited. I'm kind of interested to see what little nuance they might be adding to this location, which is one of the cutest dining areas, dining locations they have in the entire park. It's wonderfully themed, perfectly themed, being across the way from the Matah Horn. It's perfect execution of a Disney, you know, a Disney attraction and a themed uh dining location next to it. I love it. I think it's great. Even though I don't eat there very often because I don't like turkey legs uh and I only occasionally like that brought I mean, I do love the BRZ, but I can't eat those very often. 25 minutes. 25 minutes for Matter Horn, which is exactly what we predicted. And let's see, we're left of tree. Okay, for those of you who pay attention, we this now become a thing. I have to show you what that means. We did a whole video, Matah Horn, hacking the Mahorn. This tree right here, the one that I'm looking at right there, there's right of tree and then there's left of tree. This queue is queuing left of tree. If you're queuing right of tree, that's a go situation. You're queuing left of tree, then you have to do a little bit more analysis. Not to say that this isn't a go, which it is, but when you're queuing left of tree, that makes things a little bit more complicated. Isn't bad at all. This is practically nothing. They're calling this 25 minutes. Uh I'd be surprised if it was even 15 or so. Uh 5 5 10 15 maybe 18 to 20 minutes is my guess. None of this is happening out here. Nothing nothing out here. Nothing over here. Uh this would be I mean if if even if there was out here at least it would be 30 35 minutes. So that's a pretty good discount even though it's in the rain. Um and you know peace be with you if you decide to ride met in the rain. Seriously, that rain hits you in the face like like little tiny needles. Especially if it's like a misty rain. Although this is a little heavier rain, so I don't know if it's going to be the same, but that rain hits you in the face. It's just not very pleasant. All right, man. We are just cruising through the day. It is 1:46. We've only been at this for 2 hours. That's pretty good. That's a brisk day, man. Uh, naturally Nemo is dead as disco. Yeah, man. No waiting here finding Nemo. And no people either. No wonder they they really have gone home, you guys. The the I think that I think that morning rage of of rain. It's still raining. It's just not the annoying kind of rain. It's not the this is miserable kind of rain. This is just normal rain that you can you can deal with because it's coming straight down nice and easy. No big deal. But uh yeah, I think it scared off a lot of people. They got their they put their time in. They're like, "Nope, I'm done." Like we were saying in uh in Adventure Land, like you expect this to scare everybody away, but that's not the case. But I mean, it's become the case. It wasn't initially, but it has become the case. Everybody's gone. Trying to remember if I've ever done Atopia in the rain. It's a five-minute wait right now. There's no there's nobody here. There's nobody. Uh the back of the queue is on is the people coming down the stairs over there. That's the back of that queue. They've got one lane working. It's one lane. That's it. One out of four. I mean, like I said, I don't know if I've ever done Autotopia in the rain. I'm not sure I want to cuz that can't be very pleasant. Everything's wet. Even your seat that you're sitting in is going to be wet. Uh and you know what? It's not even the full. They're they they've closed eight and seven is closed. So, it's just one through six that are operating out of the four lanes. Six cars on the track. Well, in this rotation anyway. Amazing. Meanwhile, more emptiness here in Tomorrowland. So, so chill. You could count the people. This is kind of wonderful. I can hear the music. I can feel the vibes. I can get on rides if I want. It's a little wet, but you know, I almost feel like I'm I'm I'm less soaked now than I was uh two hours ago when I first started. when I was in Adventure Land. All right, guys. This is going to be an interesting situation. Remember two weeks ago, the queue was empty at Space Mountain. Remember, it was completely empty. People were walking straight through the doors. This is posted at 55. Actually, just went up. It was 50 and it just went up to 55. Do you think we're going to find a full 55 minutes at Space Mountain? The back of the queue should be at the door, the door into the uh extended interior queue. We should see a full extended interior queue if it's truly 55 minutes. Looks like Pizza Planet is the place to be. Still plenty of rain. Still plenty of water. But no, from here I can see fact the queue was nowhere near the door. And I can also see as we come around the corner that that queue coming out of the door right there is moving kind of nicely. There's a little bit of pace to that queue. right here. This door would be an hour. Now, it's not empty, but it's not an hour. I would call this uh I think maybe a good half of the queue, like half the time you spend in this queue is in that forward third up there. And then the other half is spent in this section and the section that runs that way. So, if that's what are we thinking here? That's probably a 45 maybe 40 minute queue is my guess. I've been in the process of writing those digital guides that we've been talking about for a long time. Uh the writing on those is in process. I have finished the one for Space Mountain and there's some math for that which I cannot recall off the top of my head, but the math will be revealed for Space Mountain and and and hacking the Space Mountain queue. Uh but I think I'm right. Hey, I think that's about a 40 45minute queue as it is right now. Oh, I would love a salted pretzel right now. Great choice. Salted pretzel is a great choice. I love that they call this place Astronauts. You get it? You get it? A pretzel is like a nut. Astronauts. Wait, was this always here? >> Oh, this is for uh soulfully. This is for celebrate soulfully. Yeah, that's new. Oh, fascinating. It looks like it's just a Yeah, it's an application that they have buttoned on top of the exterior. All right. Yeah. So, man, that blew my mind for a second. I'm like, when did this happen? Uh, okay. So, uh I don't know how to pronounce that name. Guyian S. Blford Jr., PhD. Colonel, United States Air Force, retired astronaut and aerospace engineer. Guy, they call him Guy. All right, that's better than whatever that name is. Easier to pronounce, I should say. Vanguards and visionaries. Well done. That's the first uh that's the first thing that I've ever seen them go beyond just doing that show that they do at the the Fantasy Land Theater. I have not seen anything beyond that. So, uh glad to see that they're expanding things a little bit. I mean, I don't I don't know if they've gone all the way extra, >> but that's still more than they did before. They did they did more. >> I kind of I kind of want to >> That's That's all I ever asked for, man. Just do a Come on. Just try a little harder. You know what I mean? for these for the events like Pixar Fest and uh the uh the like the or the the holiday thing that they do there at the Fantasy Land Theater. It's just so so meh, you know, like if you're going to do something, do it. If you're not going to go all the way, then don't do it at all. I'd rather they not do it at all. To be perfectly honest, I would rather they not do it at all. Save all that money and you know, don't tease us. Don't tease us with these, oh my gosh, we're going to put on this show for you guys and it's just crap. It's just nothing. you know, because you're going to you're going to try to sell it and you want us to come and then we're going to be disappointed. So, just just, you know, remove the disappointment. Don't do it. If you're not going to go for it, then don't do it at all. Boy, I just went on a little mini ramp there. Thanks to Guy Buford. Thanks, Guy. Fascinating, by the way, that they're calling Star Tours a 25minute wait. There's nobody out there. They're walking right in there, man. Well, how's that 25minute wait? Are they doing the same for Buzz? They're calling Buzz 15. And there's standby. I guess they're coming in. And they are Okay, they are going the normal route. And she's going to make a right turn. Boom. They're in the Oh my god. Not even 15. That's 5 minutes. 5 minutes. Astro Orbiter. Nobody's here, man. This is just the rain has stopped. Has it stopped stopped or am I just undercover? It looks really stormy out there. Those skies still look very stormy, but I'm not hearing or feeling that everpresent rain that I've been feeling since we got here. You guys hear that? That sounded like I was working really hard. >> Okay. >> Yeah, it's almost a just taking the umbrella off. It's kind of a light drizzle maybe. No, there's still rain on the ground. I see it. But really, these are uh near ideal conditions. This is the kind of rainy day you want. When you come here to Disneyland and think, I want to be here on a rainy day. take advantage of all the, you know, the the short lines and everything. This is it. >> This is what you're asking for. >> Easy photos in front of the castle. >> Wow. >> You this what is what it used to be like back in the day, you know, in the 60s or whatever. It was like this all the time. Wait, wait for me. I got really loose. >> Okay, I guess we're going to head to our final destination, Frontier Land, or as I heard some guests refer to it today, Frontier Town, which I was very happy to hear. I love that. Look at that lake. Frontier Land Lake. I don't know if you guys can see that if the camera's picking that up or not, but that is too that's a man that's a full shoe size uh deep of water there. It's causing everybody to work all the way around it. And there's another spot just like that here in Frontier Land that you should always be aware of, but it looks like it's not so bad today. talking about Lowe's. >> There's a low right here out in front of this tree right here. But this is not so bad. This low right here, this place floods often, especially when it's raining hard. But it's not so bad right now. No waiting at Big Thunder if it's open. Does not look like Mark Twain is open. That is a nogo. >> Oh, sorry. Oh, it's closed. Okay. >> Another another casualty. >> Oh, >> how's it going, guys? Hi. >> Another casualty of the rain here today. Big thunder is closed. It's turned out to be a lovely day. I'm just kidding. No, it's not. It's not exactly lovely. I mean, it is still literally raining as I record this, but it's just it's nice, man. It's gotten really quiet. The crowds have gone home and uh the park is very getable right now. But it's still just Let me see here, man. It's still just 2 something. I can't see. 209. It's just 209. Got this thing wrapped up in about 2 and 1 half hours. It's just pretty. It's record time scooping through this park like that. Uh enjoyable day today though, in spite of it being really miserable at the outset. Um it went really well today and I'm I'm hoping that everybody is staying at least relatively dry out there. I've seen some guests out there who weren't exactly covered, but the restaurant kind of managing. It's nice. There's a good vibe out here, man. It's a good vibe out here today. Really enjoy this. That was the mark is our state of Disney report. Thank you guys so much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake.
