---
video_id: 8yLi25_XFmE
channel: FreshBaked
title: "The Bluey Show Is the Best Thing at Disneyland Right Now"
published: 2026-03-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yLi25_XFmE
---
Disneyland on a Monday morning. 9:10. 9:10. The reason why I'm documenting this video from here right now is because I have no idea what's ahead of me. Uh if you've been following socials, uh on Sunday, the Blue Show premiered here at Fantas Theater, and the scene was absolute madness. So, I said, I need to find out if that scene is going to play out today on Monday. We couldn't get to the park yesterday. So, I couldn't record that. But, I'm here the next day to see if it's sustained and what kind of scene you can find after the hype ended on Sunday. first show is at 9:30 and uh yesterday the reports were that the the crowd for that first show or the queue maybe for the second show actually was was had come all the way down to the uh Sleeping Beauty Castle and that was pretty incredible and hopefully uh we I don't know I don't know if I I don't know what I want to find. Hi guys, morning. Uh I'm not sure if I want to find Chaos or if I want to actually see the show. I'm not sure which is more interesting to me. I would like to see the show, but I wouldn't mind seeing a little chaos either. By the way, I can report that there's a lot of kids here, more kids than I normally find here on a weekday morning, although it is spring break, so that's possibly the reason. Uh, good timing on Disney's part for that for premiering Bluey at this time. Passing by teacups, Starbucks land. No sign of a queue for the Bluey show. Oh, look. The signs to good use. Bluey's best day ever at the Fantasy Land Theater. I guess we'll just go down this little side path. And I mean, this is where we saw the queue yesterday. Sunday morning, first show. The queue was out here and then it ran out there towards Hi guys. Uh towards Muted Castle. So, the fact that we're getting this now suggests that that we may not have to endure the first day mania. We may actually see the show, but then we're not going to get the cast. I was really kind of looking forward to chaos. This is the reason why I like to go to opening day. Not because I'm, you know, as an influencer or whatever that I want to I want to be there. I I'm hoping to capture mayhem. That's always fun. Anyway, uh let's see what we got. All right. Bluey's best day ever. Venue is open from 9:00 a.m. to 4:30. First show is at 9:30. >> Looks like we are in fact going to just walk right in. Uh food is still going to be a challenge today, which we might try to do. Uh time permitting, food will be a challenge. I'm going to look at mobile orders here in a second, but that's a pretty healthy queue for the Trouidor, which has gotten a Bluey menu. Uh but wow, I'm excited. Okay, best day ever for Bluey. Uh the Fun Bear map. Look at all the things you can do. Uh we'll have to come in. I I got to find a seat. I'm going to try to get a seat. We'll come and look at that stuff in a minute. And I'll just take one of these benches right here, right here in the back. And then we'll do our best to catch the show. Hello everyone. I'm sorry. Woo! Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello out there. Welcome everyone. We're here with Louie Bingo and our friends to make this your best day ever. I'm Ella. I'm Mark and I'm Holly. I'm >> Oh, my name is Steven. I've got a great idea. Okay. I want to tell a unicorn story or surprises music. Oh, is it sound? Oh my unicorn bring out the we can I'm going to sing a song You okay? I guess you >> I'm afraid you're going to have to leave home and find food, Russell. But escape and do not want to leave. >> I'm scared and I don't want to leave. >> You're rubbish. >> Not feeling it. But luckily we have one of the greatest acting coaches in the entire world with us here today. >> Yeah. Yeah. How you going mate? What's your name? So the prince can turn out to a far away night jump from behind the wall. Wait a second. They want you back. >> Look, it's a message from the fairy. >> They want us to do the fairy dance. It's not working. We need help. Wait, how big is she? bigger than you. She is looking for time for one more question. Come on now. All right. Okay. Bye. Heat up here. Okay, clip notes on the show. I thought that was great. I thought that was really enjoyable. I have some thoughts about uh the show in general, the setup here, what what I experienced in terms of, you know, for the kids and for the parents, uh the quality of the show, etc. The length of the show, that's going to be something to talk about, the length of the show, but I don't want to I got to get into this queue over here. I want to see if I can get some of this bluey food there. There's a there's a pretzel that I got to get into, I think. And this is why because this queue is pretty lengthy. It's about how we found it when we arrived. I don't know. You know what? Let me put a clock on this. Let's do a little recon at the Blue Show. How about that? We're going to do some recon. We're going to start a clock and see how long it takes me to get there. We're going to go through 1 2 3 4 five switchbacks to get to our window. In the meantime, uh I can report that uh there's still no queue. Uh you can just they're pretty much letting guests come in uh at their leisure. They're not really stopping anybody except for those are you got to park your strollers, etc. can't bring strollers into the theater itself. Same thing for wheels, any kind of wheels really. Say also that there was there was definitely seats available still as we were going through that show. There were definitely and this I mean this is the 9:30 show that I attended. Uh and we are on a Monday, but certainly I don't think it's the case that we're going to see anything like we saw yesterday on Sunday going forward. I think that was just more or less the opening day hype, which is very typical. Locals here at Disneyland love their opening day hype. uh they love showing up and being first s for a thing. And so that that although I I said on social that it surprised me, the response did, I'm not and I'm not really surprised really by uh by the fact that locals did show up. What surprised me was just based on what we've seen here in the past, the shows that they've been doing here, you know, that the the Pixar pals or the Pixar Fest show was a let down. The Christmas show thing that they do here is not so great. the Halloween show was not so great. Uh, and so I was, I guess, kind of expecting something on that level. We had talked about that in state reports where I had hoped that they they did a full show and not not halfassed it like they did for some of those. Uh, so I was expecting guests to sort of respond in the same way that they did for those previous shows. I But they were ready. Uh, they were ready for a good blue show. We we'll talk more in a bit. Let's get some food. So, okay. uh real quick. 10 minutes. It took us 10 minutes. I was surprised that it took just that. Uh that went really quick. They've got four windows, so they can process gifts pretty quickly. Plus, there's no mobile order right now. Uh they've I I think they'll probably turn mobile order on later in the day perhaps, or if it starts to get less busy, they'll turn on mobile order. But for now, they want to make sure I think that they that there is enough for everybody in the queue cuz they did sell out uh of the uh asparagus pretzel at one point yesterday from what I heard. uh anecdotally. So, I'm not sure how accurate that is today, if that'll be the case, but uh so just be aware that there there may be issues with mobile order uh when you get here uh depending on how busy things are. But 10 minutes to get our food, which is a little bit better than I was expecting. It is still quite a scene out here. Absolutely no place to sit down uh unless you send out a scout and and let them I'm seeing tables right now. Is that Am I looking at that right? I mean, it did look like there were some empties up there. But they got filled up quickly. Uh yeah, cuz you know that that that's the back of the queue. I don't know if you can see that through the through the umbrellas. Uh there are some guests standing on the other side of those tables. That's the back of the queue right now to get uh standby for Trouador. As for the menu, they've got a pretty varied menu, although I think it's mostly sweet stuff. I did try to mix in the one. There's actually two two savory items, although one of them is just a regular hot dog, but it's a mini hot dog. But what we're looking at there is the tr I'm sorry, the pizza girls baked potato, which is pizza themed. They do still serve the trouidor. You can see the papier. I think it's those are Dutch pancakes. We're going to try those. And of course, the u the magic asparagus pretzel, which I don't know if that's going to be sweet or salty or what. And then the lime ice block drink which is which includes the watermelon watermelon ice block. You can get that separately if you choose. But one thing the things I did not get are that mud cake cold brew. Did not get that. And I did not get the pavlova parfait. Although that sounds terrific. Moring bites. Uh I couldn't eat it all. This this already was $37 worth of food. So or 32 after the after at Magic Key discount. Let's try I'm doing my best here. I'm sitting on a bench with the food next to me, so I won't be able to do my usual uh, you know, food review style, which I don't know if this is going to be good or bad, but uh, we'll do our best. Starting with those mini Dutch pancakes. Those are topped with buttered condensed milk and powdered sugar. Handed here. So, there you go. That is the Dutch pancake. We're starting the show again. Bluey and uh Bingo just came out. Now I've heard that they're doing they do two different shows. It was the show we just watched cuz this is not how it started the show we just watched. The band came out first. So I don't know if this is a different show than the one before. We'll track things as it goes. But I'm going to try one more of these guys first. Let me get in there. Where's that? You can see. I don't know. It's hard to tell. Let's try again. I mean, they're they're fine. They're they they're they're pancakes. Nothing earthshattering. The buttered condensed milk is kind of a non-factor, as is the powdered sugar. It's just basically a tiny little pancake. Really fluffy and etc. But uh nothing nothing earthshattering there. Let's try that pretzel or not pretzel. I'm sorry. I got to try that pizza girls baked potato. I will not be able to hold this and eat it. So, I'm just going to grab a bite pole. Uh, wait. What's in this? Hold on. Pepperoni, sausage, bacon bits, marinara, mozzarella, alfredo sauce, and parmesan herb topper. So, basically a pizza. It's already a little cold, but cheers anyway. I got mostly toppings, but it does taste like a pizza. That's not bad. And it was actually still warm. Yeah, man. That's not bad. You know, as a pizza as a pizza meal, it's pretty standard. Uh it's not This is the one that scared me the most cuz it did it just looked kind of messy and those kind of, you know, those kind of uh experiences for me are always a little a little dicey. Uh but as a as a baked potato, it's not bad. Also, next that limeade or I'm sorry, the lime ice block drink. Pineapple limeade with coconut milk and watermelon ice block. As I mentioned, that watermelon yikes. That watermelon ice block right there is the same one you can get separately. Cheers. That is quite tasty. Oh, that's yummy. That's really, really yummy. Pineapple limeade. It's kind of magical. Wow. That is really, really good. Wow. Okay, while we're at it, I mean, you can taste everything. You can taste the watermelon. You can taste the limeade and the pineapple. All of it. And I got to get into this watermelon ice block before it completely disintegrates into Maybe that's why I was getting a lot of watermelon in there in my drink because the watermelon ice block has been sort of mixing in with that. Yeah, that's tasty. Nice. Last but not least is the magic asparagus pretzel. Pretzel rod covered in white chocolate that's green. This is the most interesting thing on the menu from my from my or point of view. Mostly because it's asparagus, but it's actually a pretzel, which I find to be quite zany, but completely uh within theme of Bluey. I've watched my share of Bluey, so I get it. They they like that. They their imaginations are impeccable. And a magic asparagus that tastes like pretzels sounds perfectly uh in in theme. Yeah, let's go for it. The most dominating part of that, it's really tasty. Um I I is I like white chocolate. I I actually prefer white chocolate over regular dark chocolate or milk chocolate. Uh but you It's mostly It's mostly the chocolate. The pretzel's there, but it's not quite as dominant. I also would have liked it to be a little more salty. It's more just a crunchy pretzel. But I am enjoying that mix of textures, you know, the the creamy white chocolate on the outside, the crunchy pretzel on the inside, and it's salty enough that it gives you that sort of remy ratatouille moment a little bit. You're like, "Oh, that's magic." So that's pretty good. Definitely this is this is tops for me. I think I think I like this the most. The pineapple limeade is second with the and and go ahead and get it with the watermelon, you know, hit the whole thing and then let that watermelon uh block uh just sitting there. Then it's the then it's the uh uh the pizza girls potato and the last is the mini pancakes which are only just okay. There's nothing fancy, nothing special going on there. That's the food. Now we got to talk about the show and my thoughts on the show and the experience. Christmas. >> Okay. Did I Did I mention that I really enjoyed that show? I was excited when we first walked in there. I was really excited. I'm like, "This is going to be fun." Uh, and I and because it just the energy is good here. You could tell the energy is good. The, uh, walking into the show, it felt good. The energy felt really good there. And u, I like what I saw or heard yesterday on social. I, as I mentioned, and I and I said this in uh, State of Disneyland reports and other things that I was a little um, I don't know. Uh, I'm I'm I'm afraid to be optimistic or I was afraid to be optimistic just m mostly because of what they've been doing here in the past with Pixar Fest and during Christmas and Halloween. And that's why I had said on social that I I I was surprised a little bit by the turnout because I felt like people were kind of expecting the same thing and they're like, "No, this is going to be another, you know, another miss, I think." Uh, but it was it's not a miss. This is a really good show. It's a really fun show, especially if you're fans of Louis. Um uh let me let me talk about we there was a lot of conversation on social yesterday about how many adults were in this show relative to the amount of kids that were at the show. I don't know what the situation was yesterday but this was definitely not a case today. There were I didn't I I might have been the only childless adult at the show today. Right now just about every adult that I saw here was with Hi guys. Hi. uh just about every adult that I saw was with a kid and but having said that there is absolutely nothing wrong with adults seeing the show in my opinion because I think that was the point there the the Blue Show is not just for kids just like Disneyland is not just for kids they designed the show purposely there was there's a purpose to how they I I remember reading about this there was a whole you know uh the the whole thing was made with intent in order to encourage parents and kids to interact with one another to partic participate in each other's lives and you see that a lot. I'm a huge fan of dad. I'm a hu that when I that's what drew me to Blueie was how involved dad was in in the kids' lives and there was a lot of you know imagination and interplay between him and the kids and so there's nothing wrong I I watched Blueie because I like dad and I don't I don't feel like there's anything wrong with that. Uh because he's a great role model. Dad is he's a great and mom too for that matter. Uh they're both great role models. So, uh, I was, you know, I was actually looking forward to the show. I'm glad that they brought this out. Uh, like I said, I' I've been a fan for the show for years. I was just my I had fear and, uh, you know, from from what they've done here in the past. And, you know, Disney has not gone all the way on shows very much. They have they have definitely been moving away from entertainment for years and years and years and years and years. It's just what else are we supposed to expect besides less than, right? Right. Then what else are we supposed to expect than something less than we we we're used to? Uh just all you got to do is go to the Jedi Training Academy, Golden Horseshoe, uh the News Boys, the DCA, you name it. The Hook and Ladder Company, uh Mini Fly Girls, all the stuff that they've taken and and and Magical Map, Aladdin, the Hyperion Theater is empty. So, uh so I had, you know, it's easy to to think it's not going to be great. It was pretty good. It wasn't quite on the level production-wise as Magical Map. Um, they don't have, you know, alternating sets, but they have a live band. They don't have alternating sets, but they have a live band. It's fun. Uh, it's it's it's entertaining. It it especially for Blueie fans, a lot all those everything you see on that show on stage right now, it comes from the shows. There are things that I haven't seen yet. Uh, but there, you know, because I I have I I don't think I've seen season 3. Uh, but I haven't watched as much as I as I used to. Um, but I really enjoyed that show. One thing I will say, it's something I noticed uh as the show got about maybe halfway to twothirds through is that I it may be a little long, especially in the middle. Uh, cuz there there are cues where people think the show is over and people sort of there are people coming in and out on a regular basis. Uh, it was about 35 minutes I think total 35 minutes. Um, but do you miss the finale if a lot of people miss the finale because they they were leaving and so I think I it might be a little long in the middle. But I but you also don't want to make it too short. Hard to say. Uh, but there was definitely there was definitely cues where the crowd thought the show was over. Uh, but I think it's still going to be the case that you're going to see people coming in and out. Uh, that cuz that that's the way it's kind of set up. I was speaking with a cast member and he said that it's designed a little bit to not I told him I didn't really feel like there was an actual beginning. You know when the band came out the the the the guitarist and the drummer that was kind of the beginning but there's really no official beginning or end. It's just sort of an ongoing thing kind of like Pixar Fest a little bit but but more defined. There is an actual show here. Uh it's an actual show, not just, you know, where cast come out for five or 10 minutes, they jump around and they go backstage again. Uh it's a 35minut show and it's quite fun, very enjoyable. Uh and I, as I mentioned, the only thing that I would say is that it might be a little too long in the middle or the last two or at about the 2/3 point. So, uh, as far as the second show goes, this is the show. This is the 11:00 show. And, uh, it's about the same, uh, you know, turnout that I'm seeing here as we saw show. Plenty of seats in there. You can find your way in there. There is, uh, you know, spots for the kids out in front, but it's not quite it's not, you know, it's not 100% occupancy, so you can just kind of roll in. Although, I do think they still are going to rope it off at some point. Uh if they feel like it's getting a little full, you can do I was uh I got I got mixed up there as I was speaking because they're doing a different bit here. They're doing a bit different bit. I think there are two shows that I think is ShatterMax which is not they they brought out a different sort of character here. So uh there's two possibilities for shows here. There's two different shows and this is one of the differences, but as I understand it, that is the extent of the of the there's only just the two shows. Now, there's this scene and I think there's another one coming up later that's different from the from the show that we just saw. I don't I'm not going to be able to record this one, but just keep that in mind if you come back a second time if you like maybe see two shows and or you know, come back a second time to see both shows, I should say. It looks like they're having so much fun. I love these performers on stage. They're great. All in, we're giving this show an A. This bluey experience here at the Fantas Theater. And a I am very happy to see not only uh, you know, a good show, a good Bluey show, but that there's a show here to begin with at the Fantas Theater. It has been underutilized for far too long. And I'm hoping that this is some kind of signal that maybe Disney might be interested in live entertainment again. We're still looking at you, Hyperion Theater. We're still looking at you. We're still looking at you, Golden Horseshoe. Disney's got to get back in this business, man. I'm telling you, this is a good turnout. This is This is really great. And I hope that things continue to be this way. I hope people keep coming back. It is my understanding that this is not a temporary situation, at least in terms of this year. Uh I do believe that Blue is going to be around for more than just the spring. Um they they put a lot of money into this, so I would hope that they let it, you know, get its run out a little bit. Uh so look for this show probably to make it all the way to Christmas is my guess. I think that they still might do a Christmas uh situation here because they can't do they can't you can't meet Santa. He doesn't live in Bayou country anymore. They he got they got kicked out of Bayou Country. So you need a place for Santa and this is where they're at. Uh, so I think I think we will still see that, but hopefully uh, you know, Blue returns after the Christmas holiday. Great show, guys. Thanks for watching. We'll see you next time. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake.
