---
video_id: oHuDYNW0N9Q
channel: FreshBaked
title: "I think Disney might be OVER Avatar"
published: 2026-04-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHuDYNW0N9Q
---
Avatar 4 might not happen. And if it doesn't, Disney California Adventure and the Hollywood Backlot might have a very big problem. Today, The RAP put out an article, a piece talking about how the Avatar 4 production, the sequel to Avatar 3 of Fire and Ash, that production has been put into jeopardy. It's in question now. Neither Disney nor James Cameron, writer, director, producer of the Avatar franchise. Neither seemed particularly confident about the likelihood of the Avatar 4 film being made and by extension Avatar 5. There's actually five films. There's actually two more movies that they're supposed to shoot. Uh they shot two and three together at the same time and then they shot a little bit of four while they're shooting three. And then the idea was then to shoot four and five at the same time. As we know it, or I should say up until maybe this week, it was my understanding that Avatar 4 was a go. I had heard recently that they were still planning to go ahead. Plans were being made. Discussions were happening about how to put the production schedule together because it's a very complicated shoot obviously. Uh but that they were still planning to do it. Maybe not so much now. Meanwhile, it is my understanding according to the rap 22% of the Avatar 4 film has already been shot. Now, that that that means less than you might think. I mean, that is 1/5if of the movie. That's a pretty good chunk, but that's probably just photography, principal photography. And as we all know, Avatar has a incredibly long and arduous post-p production process where they turn all those motion capture uh images into Mike or I should say Sullie and what's her name? I can't remember her name. the at the the you know the avatar characters as it were which is something that we need to talk about actually and we're going to put that I'll talk about that a little bit later about why it matters uh who the principal actors are in these films versus maybe some other films. That's sort of the foundation of this story and where it starts taking turns. The foundation is that Avatar seems to be a go. People still want to, you know, make Avatar movies. Disney wants to make Avatar movies. Cameron wants to make Avatar movies. whether or not they can or will is is what's in doubt. What's in doubt is due to the fact that uh there's a very obvious trend happening with the Avatar films. Uh without even getting into discussion about the film's popularity per se with the public, things we could say without without question, things that are very obvious is that the first film Avatar was a tremendous success. made $2.9 billion uh over multiple theatrical runs, but $2.9 billion, the single greatest film in terms of revenue in the history of cinema. I know that's saying a lot, but that is an actual fact. Number one movie all time, 2.9 billion. The second movie, people were ready for it. They wanted more Avatar, Avatar Way of Water, and they showed up 2.5 billion for Avatar the Way of Water. You might say, okay, well, that's less than the first Avatar, but it makes sense. You know, maybe a few people are going to fall off a little bit. It's not you can't not every sing you can't make every movie the greatest movie of all time, >> right? You can't make every movie the greatest movie of all time. That's a very difficult act even for James Cameron who never misses. Fire and Ash comes out 1.5 billion. >> Hi guys. >> 1.5 billion is a lot of money. Any movie would be proud to make 1.5 billion in its theatrical run. That trend could not be more obvious. What's obvious is that the demand, the interest, the appetite for Avatar is going down. As I mentioned, 1.5 billion in a vacuum is great. That's fantastic. But when you look when you pull the, you know, the the zoom out a little bit and you think about what's happening and what could happen, it changes not just, you know, uh, maybe guest perspective of of the Avatar franchise, but Disney and James Cameron as well. If these films, >> I think we >> if Avatar Fire and Ash specifically had done something like 2 billion or closer to 2.5 billion, I believe that there would be uh, no problem. interest would be still very high and they would power on through into making those films. And that's where things get a little dicey is because not only is there less interest, less appetite from from fans, from the movie going public, but if if if you can't convince Disney to to put up the money to make these films, Cameron alludes to this himself. He he is completely aware of this. uh he he has a quote I'm going to try to paraphrase as best I can, but he said that Avatar 4 Fire and Ash cost a metric fon of cash to make and that it has to make two metric fons of cash in order to earn a profit. And that is a lot of risk. A metric fon of cash is a lot of risk when the the result is in doubt. The result is unknowable. 2.9 billion, 2.5 billion, 1.5 billion. What is the next number in that line? Well, we can actually kind of guess. We can get we can we can make an approximation. If the drop from 2.9 billion to 2.3 billion for Avatar uh water, for Avatar Way of Water, that's a drop of about 21% I think. And then from 2.3 billion to 1.5 billion, that's a drop of about 35%. So it's getting bigger. The the the degree is growing. What should we expect from number four if we continue on that trend line, which I don't I don't see how we couldn't. Uh it would be at least 35%. At least from the original figure. So or I should say in addition to what's already dropped, 35% of 1.5 billion is roughly 1 billion. A little under that number, I believe. Uh but let's just say that you know cuz the the number is going up the percentage drop is going up. We could say maybe what if it's 50%. >> What if the drop goes from 21 to 35 to 50? Now you're looking at uh revenue uh a box office of about 750 million. Now you're looking at not making money. Now you're looking at a red figure. Uh you figure it's going to cost I think it cost something like 500 million. I think it cost 500 million to make Fire and Ash. Don't quote me on that, but that's I remember reading that somewhere. They've got to figure out a way if they want to make 7 if they're expecting to make 750 million, they got to figure out a way to make it for less than seven or for five less than 500 if they want to make a bunch of money. You know what that means? Now you're going to start talking about a shorter uh uh weaker budget. You're talking about, you know, less effects, a shorter movie, which is probably good. The movies are probably too long anyway. Possibly AI to fill in those gaps. I don't know that they they have the appetite for that. That's why I'm thinking that Disney maybe doesn't want to make this movie because of that. Maybe James Cameron doesn't want to make this movie because of that. And by the way, it's worth uh noting again that this is not just Disney saying uh maybe we don't want to do this again. Cold feet. This is the artist. This is the creator. This is the guy who has put in 20 30 years of his life into making these films saying I might be done. and he's gone as hard as saying that if it if that's the way it is, that's the way it is. He has already acknowledged in quotes from the past that uh he understands if Fire and Ash is the end of the series. Uh he's already made his piece with that. Uh and then he'll write a novel to to finish out the rest of the story, which there is. Again, there's more story. There's Avatar 4 and there's Avatar 5. Five, you know, the script is already written for five. We already know how it ends. People are saying it's the most beautiful thing of all time. I mean, I guess they probably said that about Fire and Ash as well. And I'm here to say it wasn't as good as that. Way of Water. Way of Water wasn't as good as the first Avatar. What are we supposed to expect? This is I'm saying all this as preamble setting up the future of Avatar as a film franchise and what that means now to the backlog. DCA, a theme park. Everybody knows, we've been talking about it for years, that Disney had plans, have plans to build an Avatar themed space right here where I stand right now in the Hollywood backlot at Disney California Adventure. That's known and it's been discussed recently. It was actually mentioned that they they put off the the closure of Mike and Sullies to the rescue for unidentifiable reasons. It was supposed to be closed. Right now, this this building was supposed to be demoed. When I what I'm looking at right now is supposed to be gone right now, but it's not. They put that off for a year. And at the time, we discussed >> uh about, you know, what what the >> what that meant. What does it mean if they put it off for a year? What does that mean for Avatar? >> There's an imaginary out there, Jim Schaw. 30 years with the Disney company. Uh not not a current imaginary now. He's retired, but he was interviewed as part of that piece that the rap did. And Jim Shaw said, uh, yeah, maybe they don't need to build Avatar here. Maybe it's not a great idea. Ging try to quote Jim Shaw here if I can. He says that the reality is that Avatar 3 did just okay. Uh, but as a cultural force, it's exhausted. Nobody's demanding to see more. Uh, they like what they have, and if they really like it, they can go to Florida and see it. There's a Pandora land at Animal Kingdom right now that is tremendously successful. It's probably the reason why they said, "Let's build another one." This Animal Kingdom does so well. The two attractions there have constantly the highest weight times of any ride in the park. Jim Shaw continues, "Cal does not have a lot of land. So, if Avatar had been a huge success and people were demanding four and five and beyond, that would change the equation, which is something that we alluded to earlier." Uh, in Shaw's opinion, a swap to expand Zootopia franchise in the California Park makes sense. Shaw also alluded to the lack of construction updates, something I just mentioned, how they put things off. The only time you do something like that is when you have second thoughts. I said exactly that. I said exactly that like a month ago in our state of DCA report. It's important to note that Jim Shaw, as I mentioned, is not a active imagineer. He's not in the offices. He's not in the room to make those decisions, nor am I for that matter. But I've been saying since the very beginning that Avatar does not belong in the Hollywood backlot for numerous reasons uh one it's it's a it's a property that requires a lot of space in order to execute correctly in order to execute well. Why Pandora works so well is because of all the space and all the time that uh Imagineers gave guests to acclimate themselves into land. You drop Avatar, you drop Pandora into the Hollywood backlot and it makes very little sense. I don't care what sort of portals or whatever, you know, mental gymnastics you make us go through to make us believe that we are on Pandora when we're here in the middle of the Hollywood backlot. There's nothing you can do that will convince me otherwise that I am still in the Hollywood backlot. In the current plan of things with the street we're on right now, Hollywood Boulevard is going to exist. This is going to stay. So too is that animation building. So it's everything to our left that's going to be actually not even there yet. This is staying also. Everything in this direction to our left is going to become Avatar. So what do they do? They got to build some kind of giant facade here. what to, you know, sort of hide it. Use these buildings. Maybe I don't know if you have to make these buildings bigger because you put any kind of reasonably sized uh, you know, visually convincing mountain type or treelike situation that Pandora is the whole point of Avatar is the environment. It's not Sullie and what's her name? It's not this, you know, it's not the story. It's the environment. It the Pandora is the point. So, you have to make that the story here. That's something else we're going to get into again. Wait for that. So, those mountains and those trees are going to be uh above above the line of sight here. It's going to be terrible sight lines. And you know how uh Disney fans love their sightelines. It doesn't work here. It doesn't work here at all. That's just one of the problems. Size size is an issue. Uh the back lot is too small. In order to make room for whatever you put in here for Pandora, you have to knock down uh Masulli to the rescue. You have to knock down the two stages to its left and right. And then you have to push this out into the transportation hub, which is a huge problem. It will be no matter what you do, but it is a problem. Where you don't have that problem is the symbol. You don't have that problem with the symbol. You don't have a problem with making it part of Disneyland forward. Lots and lots of space, plenty. You don't have to squeeze anything into any pre-existing, you know, uh, square peg. You can put that square peg, well, round hole. You can put that square peg over in or in the symbol with ease. It's no problem whatsoever. You can build the suit. That avatar needs to be customuilt. It cannot fit into a pre-existing space. I will say that with every last breath of me, with my whole chest, it does not make any sense. What does make sense here though is Zootopia. this you could you could conceivably reconfigure all of this space into something that is Zootopiaike. That's what Jim Shaw said. I said that what uh I said it before him. I'll say that. I don't mean to but I did. Uh Zootopia makes a lot more sense out here. It makes sense with regard to that sighteline issue that I was talking about. Those buildings right there, those buildings, you could just make those buildings Zootopia buildings. It doesn't it there's nothing in here. You could build the biggest building you have to make. Whatever the biggest building in Zootopia is here. Uh it could it could easily hide behind those facads out there and and wouldn't interrupt your experience while you're walking down Hollywood Boulevard. Not one bit. Continuing that contrast between Avatar the franchise and Zootopia the franchise. As we've already pointed out and illustrated with tremendous ease, the data speaks for itself. The numbers speak for themselves. The Avatar franchise is a declining intellectual property, is a declining franchise, a declining IP. There's less and less interest. And this is not coming from somebody who doesn't like Avatar. I do. I think Avatar is great. I enjoyed Avatar Fire International. I didn't enjoy it as much as Way of Water, and I didn't enjoy that as much as the first Avatar film, but I do enjoy the series. Uh, but I can it doesn't take much to convince me that it is a a franchise that is becoming less and less popular. Meanwhile, Zootopia is ascending. Zootopia made 1.5 billion. Nobody saw that coming. Nobody saw Zootopia 2, I should say, saw that coming. Zootopia is a property that is ex that is ascending. There's already there's already uh you know, they're working on the third one. And I have no doubt that that film will do as well as the last one. I don't I I didn't have that feeling about Fire and Ash. I was confident about Way of Water. I thought Way of Water would do well. I was not as confident about Fire and Ash. And I feel like James Cameron already knew going in that they were probably not going to make as much money cuz he was making those comments about how much it cost and what the likelihood is. He was making those comments a while ago. When the first open, it's like, I don't know if we're going to do four. I don't know. We got to make a bunch of money to make this work. Zootopia is on the rise. Avatar is on the decline. Why would you >> start building a theme park for a franchise that's already declining? It doesn't make sense. This is probably not news to any of you. I've heard lots of people make comments in this regard uh that they're done they're done with Avatar and nobody wants to see Avatar. And while that's not entirely true, it's it's clear that fewer people want to see it. Uh but an argument that I have made often in the past is that uh you know you don't make these decisions you don't make these lands simply on what's hot right now. You can't you simply cannot do that. You have to make a very big long-term hi uh you have to make a very big long-term assessment of things. You can't cuz once you start once you build a thing that's it you're done. It's cooked. It is baked in. You're stuck with that place for a good 20 years or more. Cars Land, Galaxy's Edge, right? So, they can't just they can't just say, "Well, if Cars Land fails, we'll just build another land." No, that cost, you know, a couple billion dollars to build that thing. Hi guys, how are you? Uh, but I have said in the past that, so you you look, you can't just look at what the current situation is. You have to look at the long-term, you know, health of a franchise. Uh, people talk about Avengers Campus. I have I I think Avengers Campus is going to do great. I think Avengers Campus is going to do great uh with the new additions and it's still doing great. Uh but that's because the the the the Marvel property as a whole is still very people may not be seeing the new films as much as they used to, but the the the the franchise as a whole is still very strong. So too is Star Wars. So too is you know Fantasy Land for that matter, Princess movies, that kind of thing. Those things are still happening. Snow White, Cinderella, you know, Sleep Beauty, those are all very popular characters over there in Fantasy Land. And meanwhile here, that's the distinction the difference between Marvel and Avatar or Star Wars and Avatar. Why do people still have interest in Marvel films? And it's not because of a planet or a cool ship or the special effects. It's the characters. People are into Iron Man, Black Panther, Thor. People are into Harrison Ford or I should say Luke or Luke Skywalker and Han Solo and Princess Leia, Chewbacca, Darth Vader. They're into the characters. They're into the lore. I'm not sure you can say the same thing about I I can't seriously It's Sully and what's her name? Why can't Why can't I think of her name? But that's and I'm not even I'm not even doing a bid right now. But that's the problem. I know what they look like. Why can't I think of >> Why can't I think of her name? I can't think of anybody's name. They're all these super weird names that uh doesn't make it I don't know, man. This is what I'm saying. I love to watch these films, but I'm not sure they have something that can last decades. I know some people are going to disagree with me on that, but I'm but I'm not that I'm not a super zoned in, super hyper zoned in uh fan of that of that franchise. I enjoy them, but I'm not that guy uh in the way that I am. Let's maybe more so about Marvel or or Star Wars. And I think I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that there are more people like me than there are like those who do know everything there is to know about whoever that person is that's married to Sully. I think the Hollywood backlot where I am right now is supposed to be in demo mode today. Mike and Sullies to the rescue. Should already have crew up there stripping the exteriors and stripping the interiors and getting rid of this place. The whole thing that's been put off for a year. Very sensible to ask why. Very sensible to think that's got to mean something. It's not confirmed. Disney will if you were to ask Disney, oh, Avatar is still on track. That's what Thomas Mazloom said a couple months ago. Yeah, we're still on track. We're fine. I don't believe that for a second to be perfectly honest. I really really don't. Uh I I I kind of hedged the time, but I don't know how you can make any other any other draw any other conclusions. Why would you stop a thing for a year if you were feeling good about it? everything was solid. Especially when you add that, you know, you you reconcile that with the information that has come out recently about, you know, or that the discussions that we've heard about where they're not sure if they're going to make Avatar 4. It makes perfect sense. If you're not going to make Avatar 4, you're not building Pandora here. >> You're just not. If you're not going to make the movie, why would you make the land? And that's why I think it's not going to happen. I think Avatar is cooked, you guys. I think Avatar here in DCA, at least here in DCA, is cooked, but I think it's cooked. No matter where they thought about putting it, I think it's cooked for the for the uh symbol lot in Disneyland Forward as well. I don't think it's going to make it because I don't think that Disney thinks it's got legs. Not in the way that Marvel or Star Wars or Snow White does. Even though the Snow White movie didn't do so hot, that's another conversation. But Cinderella did, you know, Sleeping Beauty did. >> And those those f those movies were, you know, what, I don't know, a thousand years after the original animated films came out. So, I think Disney has confidence in other properties. They have confidence, more confidence at least, in Zootopia. And I really do think that's what's going here in the Hollywood Studios. We're going to see Monsters, Inc. back here for more than a year. It's what they said a year. I think it's going to be more than that. I think it's going to be 18 months, two years because they got to drop new plans and specs. >> They have to draw new plans and specs for Zootopia coming soon to Hollywood back. Hope you guys enjoyed this discussion. Let us know what you think in the comments below. And then uh we'll see you next time, guys. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Press
