---
video_id: Nk-E7GfoBFg
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Every Ride in Fantasyland Challenge | Rope Drop Disneyland"
published: 2026-02-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nk-E7GfoBFg
---
Good rope chop morning everybody. We are here on a beautiful Tuesday morning for a roach chop uh our month two in our monthly yearsl long challenge challenge. We're on our second challenge. Today is the fantasy land every ride challenge. We have arrived at our rope drop here at 7:39 in the morning and we're going to see how quickly we can get all 12 fantasy land attractions done in this morning. tried my best to get somewhere near I tried to rope drop the rope drop this morning to not so great effect. Bit of a lineup at Toy Story Park and not this morning. And then when I arrived at the Essenade, I was it was an OMG situation. Uh that was a one of the nastiest rope drops I've seen at the Escott in quite a while. Uh it's been a long time since I've seen those those two cues merge, the DCA Q and the Disneyland Q. But uh the the tree trick worked quite well actually and I was through the gate in just a matter of about five or six minutes maybe. Uh and I have now found a fairly robust array of guests here at 7:45. I'm also a bit concerned about our start this morning because Space Mountain is closed. So there's nobody rope dropping. I was wondering why it was so busy here. Normally I find a little bit easier time of getting to the rope but uh Space Mountain is closed so there's nobody rope dropping tomorrow. So there, you know, all those guests have to go somewhere else. And I guess that somewhere else is right here at the Fantas Road. So 7:46 and uh so 14 minutes for the ride. Let me talk about the rules real quick. Pretty basic for Fantas all 12 rides. Uh that includes the carousel that does include the Matter Horn. That is a Fantasy attraction. >> Uh and then uh you can do single rider, which would only apply at Matter Horn basically. Although I may or may not do that. It depends. Uh but no lightning lane otherwise, you know, it's um I trick, you know, it's just up to you. Go as quickly as you can. All right, countdown is on 7:58. Got 90 seconds to go. There is our competition. I will see you all in Valhalla. >> We're going to Peter Pan. Heat. Heat. That was brisk actually. You know what? Turn the back mic back on for now. All right. Uh so for those of you who are following along and looking for strategies, >> if you are trying to do this fantasy land challenge, there is only one strategy for the first attraction that is Peter Pan. >> There is no other there's no other option. It pays obviously to rope drop the rope drop as much as possible because it doesn't take long for this queue to get dastardly. It's already, if you can tell, I think it's already sticking out the back of the uh castle. I'm sure we got a pretty good start. Uh the reason why we're stopped right here is because everything funnels quickly into this one switchback. So, it takes a second for everybody to get sorted, but obviously moving briskly in there. The goal is to be at Okay, so here's the plan. Uh we're going to we're probably going to hit dark rides here. The four dark rides in this section. Uh the way I see it, all there's 12 attractions total. They're all pretty much the same in terms of how long it takes except for maybe Storybook Land and obviously Small World, which are longer rides. Uh but everything else is pretty much 10 minutes. Uh so the goal here is we want to be done. Oh, I forgot the other rule. The clock starts at the hub and the clock ends at the hub. Not when you're done with your ride, not when you get in the queue, but when you're back at the hub, just like at the format and challenge, right? So, the goal, even if we do 10 minutes per attraction, that's still 120 minutes. That's still minimum 2 hours. Minimum 2 hours. So, there's going to be a lot of variables in there that's going to make that difficult. Uh, but I do think we can get this done in 3 hours. Anything below 3 hours is when you start getting into the more victory type situations. The way I see it, oh my god, I'm so excited. I love it. Rope dropping Peter P is the best. Uh the way I see it is there's no rush for me to get into Matorn because a they're not they're only running the one side right now. Uh the fantast um I'm going to find the same queue there at about 8:30 8:45 as I am right now. So I'm going to stay in the neighborhood. Uh right here's actually we have sort of a a tenative itinerary schedule. Peter Pan obviously and then Snow White, Pinocchio, Toads, whatever combination of those four. Uh, and then maybe Alice and then Matah Horn or I might switch that up. I might go Matah Horn Alice. This is all subject to, you know, um, you know, it's fluid. It's a fluid situation. One thing uh, that we'll be looking out for is Carousel, but after Okay, so Mahorn, Storybook, Teacups, Dumbo, Carousel, Casey Jr., and Small World. I just mentioned Carousel. That's going to be one I'm going to keep my eye on from the get- go because the the trick on the carousel is not hitting the queue and then waiting for a full cycle. I want to try to get into that queue just as guests are loading and getting onto their horses. I don't want to get into that queue and then wait for the whole carousel to go around. It takes forever. It takes forever just to get the guests all in there. Then they got to check all the seat belts. You know, you got to make sure everybody's strapped in and then you circle around. It takes 3 minutes to do that. Uh, so you don't want to be hitting that at just after after a cycle is done. You want to hit it or I should say after it's complete and you have to wait for the second cycle. You want to be getting into that queue right as other guests are getting in. So >> keep an eye out for that. And it is 8:09. We did pretty well there. We're going to get into our vehicle at 8:10. We'll be out by 8:12. That's We're ahead of the clock so far. But notice how quickly Peter Pan fills up. You guys notice how they're already out there on the outer chain outside the rail out there. Do you see that? Uh the back of the queue. I don't know if they're at Merlin's yet, but this is already reached its typical full capacity at 8:09. So, it is imperative if you're trying to do Peter Pan that you not mess around. You got that you do not mess around. Get here as early as possible. I got here at 7:30 and I still feel like that cost me a couple minutes, but we're almost there. Come on. Here we go. There it is. Wendy start. Hi guys. Morning. Hi guys. >> Look at that. Is that what I'm talking about? It is. Okay. We got out of there at 8:13. Not bad. Not bad. It's not like my best ever. I think 8:12 is my best ever. I'm going to sneak in here. Let's uh but I I'll take A13 and we're just going to jump right into Snow White and hope for a quick queue here. Uh the the idea on doing these dark rides now again is you you don't want to you don't want to get into any long cues right now. You don't want to get into any cues that take a while like Mahorn or Small World. Hi guys, good morning. Uh this first half an hour I want to try to hit as many as possible. Look at how dirty that is right now. Oh my gosh. You have achieved nothing now. You get in this queue at 8:13. Hi guys. Morning. Uh you you haven't won. I mean uh it's it's already too late. You are already way too late. You're getting the Peter Pan queue you're getting into right now is the same queue you're going to find at 11:00 a.m. So you I would skip it. If you're trying to do this challenge and you can't get here at 7:30, don't even bother trying to start with Peter Pan. Maybe you finish with Peter Pan. Uh so what we're doing though is Snow White. Obviously, we have uh 6 minutes 7 minutes in the bank already. We're 7 minutes to the good. I was hoping to be out of Snow White by 8:30. I'm giving myself according to my initial, you know, mock setup. It's there's a lot of rides, but it's impossibly too too specific, too accurate. I was just basic guessing. Uh but yeah, so for some good we're going to be out of here, I'm going to say in the next 6 minutes or so. Which puts us at 8:21 8 No, 8:23 plus the ride, right? 6 minutes to get to the vehicle maybe and then 2 minutes on ride. 8:23 will be 7 minutes to the good still. >> All right, guys. That's 820. Good job. Magic. What happened? All right, 8:22. We picked up a minute, guys. We picked up a minute. 8 minutes to the good. Let's go right next door to Pinocchio. We were supposed to be entering this queue at 8:30. I feel like this is going to be even better. It's not. I thought it was going to be better than this, but we've actually got 3 or 4 minutes worth of wait here at least. So, uh, but getting into this queue at 8:22. >> Sweet. 8:25. We're into our vehicle. That only took 3 minutes to get to here so far. >> Diamond chain. How do we do the Heat. Heat. Rock your soul. Cooking right along. Fresh baked. 8:29 as we leave Pinocchio. We were scheduled to be out of there at 8:40. We are now 11 minutes to the positive or Oh, see no, right? No, this is bad. Okay, so they they haven't they haven't taken off yet. So, even though the queue looks light and you want to get in it, they haven't they haven't started yet, right? So, that's too it's not the right timing for that. If they if they were just >> Hi, guys. If they were loading right now, I would do it. If they were loading, I might have got in there. But for now, we're going to hit Toads at 8:29 to get into this queue. Going to sneak right in here. And uh yeah, we're doing good so far. So, that's the Barrier Carousel is one of the wild cards. That's one of those you have to get the timing right. Uh right next door is Casey Jr. You may be wondering when I do that. I'm waiting as long as possible to do Casey Junior. I might put that off all the way to the end for two reasons. One, uh they don't run two trains. early in the morning. They don't they just run the run train. I'm hoping that the two trains kick in by the time we get to the end because if we get two trains at 10:30, 10:15 or something like that, if we can get two trains then, uh it's as if we had rope dropped it cuz it's going to be a super quick situation there. So, I'm going to wait. Um for the same reason, I'm going to wait on Storybook Clan. We're only running a few boats right now. I'm looking at it right now. I don't see any boats at the dock, actually. Uh, so you when Storybook first opens, they're running maybe two, three boats. You want to get six boats in that water. Uh, and that approves your Well, I should say you're going to wind up waiting about the same time, but I don't want to be sitting there in storybook land waiting for a boat to go around to do a lap, right? And for the same reason like the carousel, you don't want to be waiting for the carousel to do a lap. You don't want to be waiting for Storybook to do a lap. You want to hit those attractions when they're hitting their, you know, their max capacity. It's 8:38. No, 36. I'm sorry. 36. We're doing great. Still going well. That just took a few minutes to get through this tow. Well, we're not done yet, but it will take just a few minutes. Heat. Heat. What? Heat. Cooking, cooking. 8:40. Actually, we lost a minute. We lost a minute there in toad somehow. It is 8:40. I was supposed to be done. Oh, you know what it is? I'm putting on the on my or on my uh itinerary. I'm putting Hold on. Oh, dear. Okay. So, uh so the the pen is almost full. Oh, that's not good. But, uh they're just now taking off, so it's not the right time. That's going to wind up being uh a problem later on, I think, carousel because I'm not finding a good moment there. Uh anyway, on my itinerary, I'm putting the finish time and the start time for the next ride at the same time, where obviously it takes a minute or so or two to uh traverse the distance between these attractions, which is, you know, why you uh do the way that we're doing because Fantasy Land is so compressed and all these attractions, these swarm attractions all exist in this in a very small space. Uh you want to just keep knocking them out as you're in the neighborhood. Uh, and I've just found another another problem. Matter horn is closed. That is a closed attraction. We may have to uh do the single rider trick here on that one. So, okay. So, storybook land is looking less than good. >> Oh boy, we're So, this is already starting to go sideways. I guess Alice, we're going to get into Alice here. I had that actually next on my itinerary getting into this queue at 8:50. It is 8:41 and we're already out here in the ex. Oh my gosh, we're in wild space. Not good. No, not good. Thing is, I'm not sure if this is the right choice or not, but at this time in the morning, you got to you got to make a move. You have to pick something. I can't just be, you know, being indecisive. Uh I can't waste any time trying to figure out what the right move is. I don't know. Story brick land doesn't feel right. The way that queue is right now, it looks long because they're still not running enough boats. Um, so we might have to stall out here in this space to see if Matah Horn opens up. 852. As we approach the final stretch here for Alice, I was starting to panic a little bit in my head. I'm like, "Oh my god, we're going to lose a whole bunch of that time that we earned." We were what, uh, 11 minutes ahead, I think, when we uh, got into this queue. We were 11 minutes ahead and I thought, no, we're going to spend all of that in this queue right now cuz it's been like, you know what, I don't even know what it was when we started. But now I'm realizing that I gave myself 20 minutes for Alice knowing that it was a more popular dark ride than the others than Toad and uh Snow White, etc. So, uh, we are still doing good. I was supposed to be in this queue at 8:50. It is 8:52 now. We'll be in our Caterpillar in about probably 4 minutes is my guess. 3 minutes and uh that gets us out of the attraction by uh 9:00 a.m. That's my guess. And that would keep us Oh, boy. That would that would still keep us at 10 minutes to the good. There goes the Montreal. Still looking at an empty queue over here for the Mahorn. I'm seeing empty bob sleds. So, uh we'll keep our eyes on that as well while we're hanging out. Okay, 856. There's our Caterpillar. Well, ours is actually the green one back there, but that's our Caterpillar. We should be right on time for getting out of here at 900 a.m. Look for the white rabbit. Wow. I love toy all the way here this way. I'm not li Okay, guys. Good news. Oh, man. Man, Alice is really kicking it now. Uh, I spotted the Mat Horn is up. Uh, while we were coming out, we were going out there on the outdoor portion. Saw the Mad Horn opened up. It is now 9:01. We're doing well still. 9:01. Where are we at now? >> Supposed to be leaving Alice at 9:10. So, we're 9 minutes ahead of schedule. That's still pretty good. The good news is as far as Mad Horn goes. I gave myself 25 minutes. 25 minutes for the Matah Horn and I don't think it's going to take us anywhere near that long, especially since we're hitting this right after a reopening. And we're rope jumping a ride closure. It's going to take us 10. That's the back of the queue right here. Uh so maybe maybe a minute here and then four or five minutes inside the covered area. Maybe 5 minutes. Although people are I cannot imagine why these are lightning lanes, guys. This is the st we are literally the same queue. Why? I don't understand it. Uh okay, so yeah, four or five minutes there, 1 minute here, 2 and 1/2 minutes on the ride. So looking 8 minutes altogether. We might be out of here by 9:10, which puts us uh what uh 25 minutes ahead of schedule if we can pull that off. Uh you may be wondering why I didn't go to single rider. We're still in this 906. It wasn't open. Uh which sometimes is the case. Like you go to Space Mountain right now, there will be no single rider. Sometimes they don't open single rider until later on in the morning. But they just opened it. I'm kind of bummed. I missed out on an opportunity to save a few minutes cuz single rider is permissible under these rules. Um, but as I mentioned, it was not available when I got in. All right. Uh, that took a little bit longer than I thought. 911 and that's our boat. Thank you. Oh god. Remain please. >> 9:16. We are now 19 minutes ahead of schedule. Uh I do kind of have a bit of a regret about maybe waiting or not waiting a little bit to get on Matah Horn. I I saw the opportunity. I thought better to rope drop it, but they they've opened up the Tomorrowland side, which I I mean it's a sign that it's getting busier, but it does split the queue and it does reduce your your time quite a bit. Uh we had to wait a little while to get mixed because uh there was there was actually lightning lane action there. Uh, so that that I mean I'm kind of wondering if I or second guessing if I should have gone that there, but uh no regrets. We're 19 minutes ahead and uh storybook land appears to have gotten uh a little bit better. I wonder you know what? I'm going to do a quick drive by carousel. I don't know too many just a minute. Just a minute. That looks like from a distance the exact same scenario that we've seen the previous two times. They're just getting ready to launch. Uh it's a light queue still, so that's good. It's not too backed up. Uh that's because they've just loaded up. So the carousel still has to go around and do that whole rotation. So not ideal. I'm also noting that there still is just one train at Casey Jr. which leaves really our only options as storylan and mad tea party at this moment. You may be asking David, what about Small World? Uh Small World is the easiest decision out of all these attractions. Just like Peter Pan is easy. It has to be rope drop. No. No. Uh there are no alternatives. You get here at 7:30. Rope drop Peter Pan. Small should be your last attraction, the very last attraction because uh it's the longest ride. And you know, in terms of the the length, the time it takes to get through it. And so you want to do that at the end. You don't want to waste any of that precious easy time that that early, you know, that first hour or whatever. You don't want to waste any of that time on Small World. You want to save that one for last. even though it's at the back end of the park and we got to get all the way out here to uh you know touch base here at the hub at the end of the morning but it's still better than doing that you know between 8 or 9 or something like that. Uh we have arrived at Storybook Land and uh at 9:19 I've given myself 20 minutes for this one as well. So we should stay It's funny it's we're actually we're actually exactly on our uh initial setup here with uh at Storybook Land now. Uh, we're supposed to be out of here at uh 9:55. We wait here. I'm I'm remembering I'm having memories of the very first time we tried this. Four years ago, no, six years ago. Was it six? >> Hey, Dave. >> How's it going? Uh, it I don't know. It was a long time ago. I want to say maybe 6 years ago when I tried it and it was so busy the day we did this. It wound up taking us 4 and 1/2 hours. We we finished uh Small World at 12:30. If I recall, I I took very much a similar route to the one I'm taking now. But I kept finding resistance everywhere I looked. There was big cues, carousel, storybook land, big cues everywhere I looked. And it it's it's a reminder for myself personally that uh the parks were significantly busier, you know, back in the day than they are these days. And that was still I want to say 2020. That might have been Was that pre or postco? >> Post. It was postco. That wasn't six years ago. It was about three and a half years ago. June of 20122. Man, it was boring. Maybe I just wasn't very good at challenges back then. 9:32. We've been in the queue now for 12 minutes. And I've been tracking the boats coming in and out of the dock here. And I'm pretty sure this is fifth. This is the fifth boat that they've got on the water right now that just came in. There might even be a six. It's going to be another. The lead boat that I when I started measuring was a green boat, but it wasn't this boat. It was a different green boat. So, we're we're at at least five right now, which is good. I think when they're when they're operating at a more maximum, I don't know if it's six or eight. Somewhere in that range. At least six though is when they start getting into the more maximum uh capacity for the day. And there it is. That's the green boat I was talking about. So, it is five. We're at five boats right now. So, not max capacity, but better than two or three, which is what you'll find if you try to do this attraction in the first 20 or 30 minutes. And this is kind of annoying. It's something I've been noticing throughout the day. Uh the queue has got we did this all this all this queue we were uh we were in earlier. So, it could be that it's shorter now because they have uh started bringing more boats. Potato chased the white rabbit down the rabbit hole and fell down down down into wonderland where everything and all became curious. Let's see what's this evil stepmother. But of course with the help of a glass slipper and little mice friend living how the raptor upon that hill together they were able to have the best day ever for each other was so strong they overpowered any snowstorm and they asked each other do you want to go accord to become a part of our world but men that you all coming along please remain seated with your hands. Thank you. And that is Storybook Land at 9:43. Exiting at 9:43. We're still ahead, but we lost a little time there. Uh, finish that up. We were supposed to be done at 9:55. So, we're 12 minutes ahead at this point. And we're heading back and we got three more. We only have, is it four? Five. We have five more to go. Carousel, Dumbo, Casey Jr., Teacups behind me, and then of course Small World. We're going to do a driveby here. Okay. So, we see the carousel moving. That's a good sign. It's moving and we can probably get into the next Well, definitely we're in the next rotation. Is this the moment? Casey's still running one train. So, we're going to use this. Yes, we are going to use this hopefully. Gosh, can we go get Oh, I don't know, man. I don't know if we're in the next rotation or not. Uh, but we're going to use this to stall. We're going to use this and hope that Casey Jr. starts running two trains by the time we're done or by the time we're done with this and Dumbo. Okay. Well, that's a good sign. Just as we were getting into this queue, this rotation is ending. The question is typically it is the case the pen is the next rotation. But I think I think we can get more than what's in the pen up there plus what's in the queue here. I think we there's plenty of horses I believe. Okay, here we go. This has to go well because I gave myself only 10 minutes to get into this queue in order to ride this one. I gave myself a whole 10 minutes. That was probably not very well planned. Let's see if we get in. I feel pretty confident about this. Let's go. Let's go. Oh no, she's closing the gate. Okay, she closed one gate but not the other one. Good, good, good, good, good, good. I'll sit on a bench if I have to. Let's go. Let's go. Oh, there's lots of horses in here. Lots and lots. That's our boat. Look. Oh my god. Jingles is open. Well, not quite open, but you could almost get Jingles. But we're going to get this guy right here. That was actually just about the ideal execution. Maybe just like a minute too early, but I'll take that. Or we could have done worse. Uh that's that's pretty good execution. We got We stepped right in there at about a minute and a half, 2 minutes after getting into the queue. We're on our horse. And they can fit in a lot more people here. They've closed the gates, which you I mean, I'm seeing all kinds of open horses back there on the inside. They can definitely get maybe I'm hoping they don't like close the gates. Start the ride. Let's go that you guys. That's jingles in front of me. What? How does that happen? That there's an open jingles. Heat. Heat. down. Watch yourself and carefully from your horse. >> Okay, 9:52. Excellent. Well done. That actually took less than 10 minutes, I think. I feel like we got in this queue at about well, maybe 9:40. Uh, all that was pretty good. Okay, so I'm seeing the train pull up or taking off at Casey Jr. Uh that queue looks pretty um pretty deep right now for one train. Totally manageable if it's two, but uh we would if if the train was just now taking off and there was a second train, there would be another one pulling in within seconds. So, I think we're going to have to uh do Mad Tea Party and or Dumbo first. Yeah, I'm not seeing that second train pull up. Don't want to spend too much time trying to assess that situation. Let's react. Act make a choice. Dumbo looks bad. Dumbo looks real bad, you guys. Oh my gosh. I don't know, man. I feel like this >> I feel like I have to try and not go on Dumbo right now. That looks really really bad. A rule that I live by is that when something looks really really bad than wait because it it can't get much worse. There's a limit to how much people will wait for a ride like Dumbo, uh it can't get much worse. So, you might as well take a shot, take a risk, and do something else. This is a little more than I wanted to wait for Tea Party, by the way. Uh, we're looking at three, possibly three rotations here. Boy, it's getting bad now. How are we doing on time? Okay, it's 9:54, 9:55. We've got four more to go. We got Tea Party, Dumbo, Casey Jr., Small World. Small World's going to take 20 minutes. Uh, Teacup should take us maybe 12 uh 12 minutes. Casey, man, I don't know. Dumbo looks like 20 25 minutes all day right now. I kind of regret not jumping in that queue. You know, that's one of those things that Dumbo is one of those attractions that has a sort of unjustifiably long queue and it's because it has such a long cycle time. I'm going to regret that. I'm going to regret waiting. I thought Dumbo would be more getable at this point in the morning, but I should have hit that earlier earlier today. Uh because now it's like I said, it's we could be pushing a half an hour on that one. I regret my decision. Luckily, it looks like we're going to be two rotations only on the teacups. They just uh boarded this one rotation here. We will be in the next one. >> Okay, here we go. Let's just see if we can get teal. Justice for teal. Here we go. I'll take it so you don't have to. So, it's 9:59. So now our our schedule's kind of off because I would I've been we diverted uh we hit carousel after story book. So it's difficult to tell but >> uh let's see. I gave myself 10 minutes for the carousel. I gave myself 10 minutes for the two cups. That's good. We're going to be ahead of that rate. I think >> just keep turning. >> And then it's I gave myself 15 for Dumbo. >> Faster you turn it the faster it spins. That's going to be if I don't make it before 11, that's going to be the race in this dumbbell. >> Wonderful time >> cuz we have an hour left. >> We have an hour to get back to the hub. There goes Casey Jr. >> still. I think it's still just the one train. I really hoped I had hoped that they would be up to two trains at this point. It being oh 10:00 it's getting busy. I had really hoped they would be at two trains by now. And I I wasn't even ready. Oh no. It looks like our tea party is coming to an end. Please remain seated until your teacups stop. Ensure you're fully seated with your doors closed until your teacup has come to a full and complete stop. And >> that right there when I was doing Alice is when I should have been riding dumbbell. That's the That's the uh the the trick right there. I chose Alice when I was unsure and I thought I might regret that choice. >> Morning. >> Hey, morning. >> Good to see you. >> Yeah, you too. And uh I kind of do, but we'll see. Dumbo. I mean, that's basically that's what we have left now. We have Dumbo, Casey Jr. >> and Small World. Uh and I'm going to try to hold out on Casey. So Dumbo's next no matter what it is. >> Oh my goodness. >> I don't know if that's going to show up on camera cuz it'll it's 40 minutes. That says 40. Dumbo is 40 right now. Oh boy. I'm going to start a clock on this. This right here. That's bad news right there. Why is Dumbo so bad right now? Wow. I am so bummed. We're not going to make it. We have to crush that 40 minutes. I don't see how that's possible. It's fixed, man. It's a 3minute rotation no matter what. There's no lightning lane, so we know how long it's going to take. It's just a a strictly uh body count type situation, man. There's way too many bodies in here uh to get this thing done in anything under 30 minutes, I don't think. Oh my gosh. So that I mean that's going to put us >> at best 10:30 with Casey still to go. >> We're not making it back to the hub. We're not making it back to the hub by 11:00 a.m. That right here, that's Casey. Casey's now down the steps and around the Dumbo topi area. This is still a one train situation. We're if definitely if they're not running two trains by the time we get to Casey, we are absolutely in trouble. We're not going to make it. Uh that they need to The only way to cure that situation right there is a second train. >> Well, I'm allowing myself a moment of hope. Uh it's now what are we at almost 10 minutes and we're kind of working our way back towards, you know, the the the canopies, the last section. There's a reasonable chance we're going to get this done >> in maybe 20 25 minutes, which puts us kind of on schedule again. It's 10:13 right now. We got to get moving. I may have to skip actually cuz Casey's still running just the one train. I may do Casey's last. Fingers crossed. Peeking around the corner. I think there I'm I'm just double checking. I'm I'm watch I'm looking for trains. But nothing has come up there. One took off. I should be able to see or hear a second train coming. Still no train. Still one train at Casey Jr. Allow me to take this opportunity to remind you guys we have a website freshbaker presents.com. It's an app and a website where we do uh where guests can interact with us. You can share photos uh you know construction you know street team type stuff. And it's a merch shop where you can get this shirt. It's in a shirt or a hoodie for me. It says, uh, you got to rope drop the rope drop, which is a phrase that we live by here at Fresh Baked. You have to rope drop the rope drop if you're going to do something like we're doing today. Check that out. We've also should have merch for this challenge also, the Fantasy Land Challenge. Uh, stay tuned for that as well. 1930 so far. I mean, it's somewhat of a relief. It's somewhat of a I mean, we're still not there yet. We've got got to finish that one. They got to go. That's 3 minutes. 4 minutes. We might make Oh god. I don't know. I don't know if we're second or third rotation at this point. So, we're still a good 10 minutes probably from uh ride completion at least. But at least it's better than 40. We might get in this one. It's so close. It's so close. It depends on how big the groups are. There's 1 2 3 4 5 six seven spots left. 1 2 3 4 5 six. I might be seven. I might be seven. There goes 11. There goes 12. There goes 13. Oh yes, we're in. There goes 14. 16. >> Damn, we made it. We are seventh. We got the last We got the last one. Why does that Why am I so happy about that? I mean, I still don't think we're going to make it. I still don't think we're going to make it. We're at now, let's see, that took us 23 minutes to get to this point. Uh, we got to send this one around. That's 25. And we got to go around. That's 27. Uh, so you're looking at uh, let's see, it's 10:25. So you're looking at 10:30. We still got to do Small World and Casey Jr. and walk back to the hub. I still don't think we're making it by 11:00. But it's room enough where I feel like the next try, if we fix that Dumbo situation, we could make it, but fingers crossed. Yes. Heat. Then you can walk to the nearest center. See you soon. >> Did you guys see what I saw? Did you see what I saw? that the queue is half of what it was at Casey Junior and that can only mean one thing. Two trains 10:32. That took us 30 minutes all in, by the way, including ride time to get through Dumbo, which is a victory considering what we were up against. It is now 10:32 as we approach Casey Jr., we're actually 2 minutes. I had predicted uh 10:30 on my initial assessment. 10:30 and we're going to be getting in this queue at 10:32. So, uh, we might still have a chance here. This they've got us going through the whole extended chains here, >> but here we go. All right. 10:32. 10:33. Uh, so I gave myself uh 10 minutes for this. So, we might actually pick up a minute or two. We can Let's see. That's one train right here. Uh, three trains, 6 minutes, I think, is what this is going to take. Hi, guys. Good morning again. Uh, I think we're going to be on a train in 6 minutes. Getting us out at 10:40. There goes one. Now, you know, when they're running two trains, this train will be followed quickly. >> There it is. Yeah, that train is coming around the end. Sometimes it pauses there for a second to make sure the other train leaves the station. And then it's going to be coming back this way. And this is what you're after. This is why you wait as long as possible to ride Casey Jr. >> So you get this two train situation and they're just constantly loading guests. And if I keep talking long enough, if I keep talking long enough, that train, that Casey Junior train is going to come around the corner and I will uh be um happy about that. Yes, there it goes. Number seven, >> Casey Junior's on the track. Well, I have a very uh strict, well, more or less strict uh no cage rule. I would get in a cage today if I have to to make sure I'm on the next possible trade. And see, you got to get in the pen. The pen is the next rotation. >> Got to get in the pen. We're in the pen. How many? One. >> We're in the pen. Okay, we're in the pen. That's our boat right there. >> All right, guys. We got two minutes. We can sit up back of the pen though as it is. So, we may actually wind up being in that cage. >> Fingers crossed. Here we go. 10:37. That didn't take long at all. Right. So, it's uh 10:38. So, that was 6 minutes to our vehicle. Hopefully. Hopefully, we get in. I think we're good for a cage at least. >> These guys are fans. We'll we'll ride a cage with them. Even better. We got the caboose. Nobody took the caboose. I was about to get into a cage. The guy's like, "No, no, the caboose is open." >> Junior's coming down the track. Running down the track with a smokey sle. as they say to the animals. That's the end of the lion. >> Last man on Dumbo. Last man on the train on Casey Jr. got us super close to making this happen. But now I just looked at the clock. It just it's not going to be enough. I don't think it's going to be enough. It's 10:43. >> 10:43 right now. We've got to walk probably two or 3 minutes to get small. Well, at 10:45 figure 5 minutes in the queue, 10:50, 10 minutes on the ride. 11:00 a.m. We might be done. >> We might be done >> with the small road by 11:00, but we're not going to make it back to the hub by 11. And I feel like as much as I want to change the rules, I feel like having the the clock stop at the hub is the difference. Like that's the race. You know what I mean? Like that's the the few minutes that you have to kind of account for now. We got to find a way to save 5 minutes. >> How's it going? Hi guys. How are you? Uh we got to find a way to save 5 minutes. And that's Dumbo. Uh Dumbo took us a half an hour. That was the biggest time spent on any attraction was Dumbo. It's not over yet, though. We're going to We can We can cross our fingers and hope the best. Let's get to Splin finish this thing off. 10:45. I got to hope for a walk-on. I got to hope for just a straight walk-on. There's a queue. There's a queue. I could see it back there. It's maybe one or two switchbacks only. It's not a big queue, but it's not a walk-on. Our only chance was if this was a straight walk >> posted 10. Pardon me. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. >> Thought he was just throwing something away. We tried to enter the queue at the same exact moment. All right. Yeah, just the one the one switch back here. Uh 10:46. I mean 5 minutes in here. Yeah, it's just going to be it's going to be so close. We're not going to make it, but it's going to be close. I overestimated or underestimated the time. I was thinking it was 10 or 12 minutes, but it's closer to 15. There's There's no chance. >> No chance at all. Hi guys. I mean, we did slide in here pretty quickly. It's 10:50. That was just a couple minutes. 52 to the boat and then 11 11:07 11:07 out of the attraction. We'll be in the hub by 11:12. >> How you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> I'm doing all right. >> 1053. That's our boat. Enjoy your cruise around the world. Voyage. Happy sailing. To out your voyage, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Please remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop at the dock and you are asked to disembark. Thank you. Thank you. >> We got 12 to one 45, >> man. So close. We're not going to make 11:12 either. It takes forever. Okay, they call it a 15-minute ride, but it takes like 5 minutes just to get to just to get out of your boat. Uh it's, you know, one thing when you come out of the tunnel at the end, it's it's another 5 minutes after that. Uh so it's 11:11. So close, man. So close. Uh well, you know, we'll wrap things up when I get to the hub. Uh I'm guessing 2 3 minutes from now, we'll be there. >> That's it right there. That's the exact same queue. Oh, not even. That was less than. That was a smaller queue right now at 11:12 than we found at whatever it was that 9:00 a.m. or something like that. That was it. We did that too soon. We did Alice too soon. Especially if we're having to head back to the hub right now. Like that's on our way back from Small World. I could do Alice last. >> Never thought of that. >> I could do Alice last. It's right on the way back to the hub. after Toads, Dumbo, Matah Horn. Well, Matah Horn maybe before that if it's open then storybook carousel that I mean we did just about everything else. We're almost here. Uh we did just about everything else pretty much uh at peak I think. Uh I I don't I didn't see any uh gaps, any weaknesses in in execution there except for Dumbo. Uh it is now So, we're arriving at the hub. 11:15, 11:14. We've got to turn a 30 minute Dumbo ride into a 16-minute Dumbo ride. Easily done if we tackle Dumbo right after >> toads. Get those first four dark rides, then Dumbo. Uh, you could even considerably maybe even do Dumbo sooner than that. We're here. That's it. The clock has stopped. Uh, 11:15. And uh I tell you what, that was a workout, man. I am exhausted. I'm starving and I'm exhausted. But I feel pretty good. I mean, we didn't do it. We didn't get all the way there, but I feel pretty good about what we did do. We beat our time. I'm pretty sure we beat our time from uh 2024, which was uh two it was just over 3 hours. Uh we got into the I think we got into small one at like 10 minutes to 11. I don't remember for sure. Uh hopefully I'll have some, you know, footage of that. Maybe. >> I love your channel. >> Thank you guys. Thank you. Uh but we learned we learned and now we know what to do next time. When that'll be, I'm not sure. Maybe this time next year, 2027 Fantasy Land Challenge. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Don't forget to buy a t-shirt and fresh baked.
