---
video_id: yURFfGlivjU
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Last Day of WDW Family Vacation with Friends!"
published: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yURFfGlivjU
---
Erikson family vacation day four park 4. Today we're at Epcot for the Flower and Garden Festival. Epcot, let's go. >> Epcot. WE'RE GOING TO EPCOT. Let's go. >> Epcot. >> Ah, dang it. Chris is here, too. For some reason, we've been saving this for last. I'm not sure why because that God is amazing. Number one in our hearts, number one in our mind. >> Uh, and we might even have some um, special appearances by friends there. That's Miguel from Magic Journeys. You guys know Miguel. That's my bro. Uh, Kevin, Allison, Janelle. We're all going to Epcot today. We're going to eat Rise of Dark rides and try to stay the hell away from Test Track and Cosmic Rewind probably. I love Epcot. Quick stop at French C. I'm looking at that right there. Shrimp and grits. Although I've heard really good things about the French toast and they put flowers on the avocado toast. I got >> French toast. >> That's a thumbs up. We got one of each. >> The shrimp and grapes. I think it's made for miles. >> Okay. >> The French toast, which literally has >> Well, what do they what do they call those? They don't they can't call them >> cinnamon whatever they're called. The cereal cinnamon toast crunch. It's just cinnamon squares, I'm sure, is what they call that. >> Avocado toast, sons, tomatoes, etc. And that looks like a candy. >> You don't you didn't like >> that's some kind of jelly, maybe. >> Okay, then you eat this. >> She didn't like that though. >> No, >> I'm getting this right here. It's looking like four pieces of uh seasoned shrimp, some grits that look a little mashed potatoey. >> Yeah. >> Let me try that real quick. >> The It's shrimp. It's not too spicy. Maybe Sophie can try the shrimp, too. >> It's good. >> You want to try it? It's shrimp and grit, so it's like it's shrimp and >> it's still pretty good. I mean, but it's it's at least good for festival, you know, food. And let me try that shrimp real quick. >> Hey, you let me know if it's spicy. That's actually working pretty well. Uh, but the shrimp is definitely better with some grit on there, >> but the grits are a little a little mashed potatoey in terms of texture. >> Okay. >> But not bad. They use a little more flavor. >> Okay. Here, Sophie. >> Sophie, you want to try? >> Try some grit. >> It's like mashed potatoes. >> No. Okay. Do you want to try the shrimp? >> People over here. >> We just appeared. We appeared. Why don't you try the trick? >> Easy. What is it? >> Caramel on it, too. >> How is your avocado toast? >> It tastes like it like a tub of avocado spread that you would get like a trail. >> It looks like avocado spray. >> It's not like actual like they mushed it up avocado. >> It's all right. >> It's all right. >> You like it, Mom? >> It's whatever. >> Uh Sophie has allowed me to share some of her French toast with her with the cinnamon squares. And what is that uh spread on there? It's like a very caramelized That's like muscapone. >> Like a buttery uh >> Yeah. >> Marcapone. >> It tastes like Chris, too. Chris is here. >> Chris is here. >> Ah, dang it. Chris is here, too. >> Hey, Chris, tell me a joke. >> You know what? I can't. >> Why? >> Cuz I I normally my energy is like super high. >> Yeah. But last night, I had the weirdest dream I've ever had in my life. I jumped as a muffler in a car. I woke up exhausted. >> See? See? >> You try. He tried to He tried to play it off like he wasn't going to tell me a joke. I asked for a joke. He's like, "No, here's a joke." >> Try the tomatoes. >> Cheers. >> Wow. I like the crunch. >> This the cinnamon toast crunch on there is actually really cool. A great texture add. >> All right, let's go find a ride. Got quiet over here, didn't it, Miguel? >> Oh, yeah. >> It's It's very hectic. We are very hectic start. Uh Miguel has just told me that I'm required to go find some chilles. >> I want to Every year they have uh the what is this called again? The >> Flower Garden. Flower Garden. I keep want to say food wine. >> They have these very tasty chilles over by the Mexico pavilion. >> And I want you to try them and let me know what you think. >> Now, is this at that little kiosk to the left? >> No, it's on the right side. Oh, the Okay, the one on the water. Yeah, on the right side. >> What a gorgeous day it is. >> I know. So far so good. All right, let's do it. >> You go. Right now, Miguel's like that character in the cartoons that when he smells something, he just sort of he just floats to it. Like, this is it. >> So, Miguel's getting the chilas. I surprised him. I want to enjoy that with a mango margarita. Are you still rolling? >> Starting to close up a little bit. >> It's happening. >> My throat's closing up. >> Did you already Did you already uh try it? Is it good? >> That's great. That's really good. >> Oh, there's the chili. >> Yeah, that's one of the things I don't mind them getting creative with. And then they got them a chilles. >> Yeah, >> we're all just sharing our food now. >> Thank you. >> Cheers, Fresh Pig. >> Super sweet and >> with the with the taheen rim on there. Excellent combination. God, I love the way they do margaritas. It is uh premixed though, so there's that. Just grab a I'm just going to grab a fork full of this real quick. This is Go ahead. >> What um what is all in this anyway? >> Actually, I don't even know. What is it? >> I think it's salsas roa. You also got >> I don't know if it's what kind of meat. >> Stole your bite. >> My wife can never wait for the camera. That's damn sure. >> Okay. >> It's pretty good. >> It's pretty good. >> I like that salsa verde on there. >> Oh, shoot. Okay, >> go for it. >> Wait, I didn't I didn't catch all that. There we go. I missed it. I wasn't paying attention. Chili chili. >> Holy. >> That's a lot of flavor. >> That's a lot of flavor. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> It's very rich. >> Wow. >> That is delicious. You didn't like it? >> I'm gonna try again. >> Okay. I'm gonna film Chris filming. Film them filming. >> But they're not filming anybody else, though. >> Oh, let me do a better shot. They need to Oh, okay. What are we doing? >> Hi, guys. This is fresh. Wait, is this fresh bake or is this ProFest? What show are we doing? >> Here's the best part. Can I just tell you my favorite thing? My favorite thing >> is I'm very high energy and when I see David the first time, I always run like David. >> And this is what I always see. This facial reaction. I'm going try to do your facial reaction. >> All right. All right. Well, that's not true. It's only It's only when the cameras are rolling because the truth is is that when I saw Chris at at Connections, I literally jumped off the stairs into his arm. >> He did. He did. No cameras around. I saw he jumped up the stairs. I caught him. >> That's true. >> That's a true story. >> So, he got a little dry. >> Yeah, >> the tortillas are a little dry. >> It's dry. >> Oh, it's mostly tortilla. >> Yeah, it needs more sauce. >> It needs more sauce and cheese. >> That needs to be fresh. These come out straight. Yeah, that is kind of like a lasagna with the layers of the kitchen. >> Muscular lasagna. >> Yeah, it needs It definitely needs more sauce. But this right here, the crema and the green chili sauce. >> That's amazing. Needs more of that. Yeah. >> Um, >> we got to get in the queue. We need to We need to >> get nice and tipsy for the for the frozen queue. >> I think that's I think that's a good idea. >> You're welcome. >> Did you eat the pepper? I left it in there to marinate. >> Oh, okay. I was going to say, wow, you're a wild one. Yeah. Don't eat the pepper. Okay. >> David Clarence, >> eat the pepper. >> Be careful. So, am I not supposed to eat the pepper? I mean, if you want to, sure. >> No. >> No. Don't. David. >> Cheers. What are you doing? >> He's going to eat the pepper. >> Oh, eat the pepper. Do it. Do it. Eat the pepper. Let's see it. Oh my gosh. >> Slow down. Enjoy it, boys. >> Jeez Louise. >> All right. One to another. >> We're not going to drink. Come on. >> What? >> Oh my god. >> You're in a crazy mobile tomorrow, right? Let's uh >> like 4 in the morning. >> We'll find out when he's frozen. >> Yeah. Um >> on your Are you serious? >> No. >> Face it. Don't Don't leave soldiers behind. Taste that chili pepper. >> Yeah, there you go. >> I agree. >> No. Why would you think that you're 22 protocol 180? Old villains and their havocs die hard. >> I bet you weren't expecting this. >> I have no idea what she's talking about. This is the longest queue I've ever been in for Grand Theft. And it's still only been like 5 minutes, but normally we walk straight on. But that's how busy it is here at Epcot. Uh, what do you guys think? Do you think we should come to this restaurant? What is this restaurant called? >> Um, from a lot of guests, uh, just disappointment. >> Disappointment. Okay. So, we don't know what the actual name of the restaurant is, >> but uh I I haven't heard good things, but I've been very curious because it's the closest thing we have to Blue Bayou here. Uh just maybe five tables on the rail. Uh but I I'm I'm curious. I'm curious about what the like. I've never heard a good thing, though. girl. >> I don't know how to tell you. I don't know. >> Universe that volcano >> and that pyramid. I love these guys right here. That's my favorite. Keep watching. That means I cannot who he is. I don't >> There should be there should be animatronics right here. >> Yeah. >> Or >> Well, yeah. Kevin was just telling me about that there there was an they there was an idea going around that they might just put coco here at the cocoa ride but there's no place to put the queue and this >> Oh, you're right. >> Cuz there's no queue here. >> Yes, >> but they don't need one because it's such an you know efficient attraction. >> I like this attraction the way it is. >> Don't change. Don't put coco here. This is perfect. It's the It's the best value you're going to get for the amount of time you spend versus how much how much show you get. >> I lost track of Miguel, but I did want to finish that thought. If they were to try to put Coco back here, they've got enough room back there that that that the show building is big enough to house the ride, the ride itself. But if you wanted to build an attraction, if you want to build Coco here, it would be immensely popular, right? You would probably lose the restaurant and all of this marketplace right here in order for them to find a way to build a queue cuz you can't put it outside. There's no place to put a queue out there in the common walkways. It just wouldn't work. It it there's no way it'll work. Plus, you lose then you lose the tour. Although it doesn't get as much love as let's say Figment or Living with the Land does or Spaceship Earth, it is as much a part of the cultural relevance of Epcot in my opinion. Um, it's certainly not as popular as those attractions are for whatever reason. I don't know. But I absolutely love this and I'm so glad we stopped here first cuz I was afraid we weren't going to hit this one today. >> It is really, really bright out here today. My goodness, that is a high sun on us right now. >> Oh my goodness. >> Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. We were We want to ride Frozen because Sophia has been talking about it ever since she knew that we were going to come to Epcot, >> but I have never been in this queue before. This is the sickest frozen queue I think I've ever seen. Never have I seen anything even coming out out. Oh my gosh, it's still going. Are we going to get in the worst possible queue for Frozen? >> We're going to get in the worst possible queue for Frozen right now. >> Wow. We're going backstage. No. Yeah. >> So, my wife who has been by my side >> for a half decade at least since I've started doing >> recon. Years. >> Well, >> oh, haven't you doing recon? >> Since I started doing recon about 5 years. Yeah. >> She So, she's been she's been by osmosis been learning the whole thing right now. And she just said we're seeing a post of 75. >> She's excited about the time frame that I we know what the time is once we get in the door, >> right? >> You're predicting 50 minutes. Yeah. >> 50 minutes. We're out here. >> Yeah. Once we get through this threshold and into the door, it'll be a little bit hopefully. But it depends on Lightning Lane. >> Yeah. >> That's always Yeah, that's always a wild card. Yes. >> Is there like the merge into Lightning Lane? >> The merge is >> No, the merge is inside. The merge the merge is where the sauna is. >> Okay. >> You know where the sauna is? >> I remember the sauna. Yeah. >> Uh or somewhere in that general vicinity. >> Okay. So, I'm thinking we're going to be into Norway, the pavilion. That'll be our first benchmark. >> Okay. >> Uh we're going to be there in probably 5 minutes total, maybe six, and then another maybe 20 minutes out here in these switchbacks. And inside there's there's proper switchbacks out front and then there's these makeshift, you know, emergency switchbacks. >> We're just going in though. Is there >> No, I see. Well, no, that those are regular guests leaving. So it is just the one switch back it looks like going in. >> Oh, just one straight shot though. Not an actual >> No, there's there's switches once you get close to the door >> which are there always. And by the way, always also because it's flower or uh flower and garden. There's a Elsa and Anna flowers which are lovely. It's kind of like uh it's kind of like the rose parade. >> It's just like the rose parade. They make stuff out of flowers here for the flower and garden festival. Yeah. Uh, Elsa needs a little maintenance it looks like. So, we've kind of arrived at the threshold here into the Norway pavilion, but >> and it's taken us 12 minutes. We've kind of been stuck here for about 5 minutes. I've got a bad feeling about this. Miguel, you said that the postway time went up to 95. >> I can see the sign from here and it says 95 minutes. So, who knows what's going on. Maybe they stopped the ride. >> Ah, we have movement, >> man. No, we have not moved. >> Oh, I see movement. I see movement. We're going to go four shoulders forward. >> There they go. You see that? >> Yeah, they're moving now. So, >> sign of good hope. >> No, I see no signs of hope. >> We ain't going nowhere. >> No. At 22 minutes right now. And that is Lightning Lane on our ride here is Lightning Lane for Frozen. And by the way, they're not Lightning Lane is sitting on the curb. Okay, guys. If you know, if you watch Fresh Bake, this is a cue. This is a clue when Lightning Lane is sitting on the curb. >> That's a bad sign. >> That's not a good sign. >> Yeah, that's not good. >> If they're parked, I think they sunk eight boats in there, I think, is what happened. >> Uh, we've been in here for 22 minutes. The postway time is in fact at 95 now. So, it's gotten worse. >> I was right. I saw it all. >> Yeah. question is, how do you explain >> to Elsa? >> She's in there somewhere >> that we have to get out of this queue >> right now. I >> I feel like if we're still out here within like if it's like a 30 minute mark and we're still out here, we should we shouldn't fail. >> That's only Oh, no. We're not getting in there for another 20 minutes. >> Well, where are we at right now? 10. >> 22. >> 22. We're already 22 minutes in. >> Yeah. And we're out here. We're going to be out here for at least another 20. At least >> cuz we still got to go up. We got to make a Uturn. We got to go all the way back down the entrance. Oh, let me finish to fix that. All the way back down the entrance. Then back up around the rocks through the gumdrop forest in front of the the waterfall there past the cany mountains and then we're into standby entrance. >> All right. So, we decided to stick out. It has been so far >> 30 minutes >> 42 minutes almost. >> 42 minutes. >> 42 minutes. We haven't even we're close to the threshold. We're almost inside the building. But I do have some possibly good news. Possibly good news. I can see the back of the queue for Lightning Lane. >> That's the back of the queue right there for Lightning Lane, which means they've almost cleared it all, which means that we're finally going to get to start moving again. Well, better than we have been. >> Does that make you happy? So, we finally crossed through the threshold. Uh, we got through in uh just under 50 minutes. 40 47 minutes. It's at 56 now. But look at the good news. They have they have completely cleared the Lightning Lane queue at the at the 56 minute point. They have completely cleared lightning. There's nobody in the queue right now. So, we should have a we should have a fairly clear trip through Arendelle. Things have been picking up a little bit. So, I feel like at this point, if this stays like that, crossing our fingers, if this stays like that, we should be to our vehicle in 18 minutes. Maybe 20. We'll call it 20. We'll be in at It's 57 now. We'll be in our vehicle at 77. Where the heck is this? >> Made it to the sauna in 1 hour and 18 minutes. It's been 31 minutes so far since we've been in the threshold. >> Everyone's going to know this nice country today. Should be a real >> and our boat is coming right up. I stopped the clock at 1 hour and 24 minutes. Here we go. Yeah. Let's just for Yeah. Heat. Why did I be there too? I want to go back or not. All right. So, what what did I say? An hour and 22 minutes. Hour and 24. And I was right. Uh the back of the queue, I don't even know where it is. It's up there somewhere now. Light or standby. It's now in that section up there. So, confirmation that that was, as I suggested, the worst possible queue we could get into. Did you see the back of standby when we left? What was it? >> It's way up there by the by the rocks by the gumdrop mountain. Yeah. >> Yeah, man. We got into the worst possible queue. >> Did you get >> We're getting food. Apparently, uh, Uncle Miguel got some >> What's it called? >> Tonghulu. >> Ton Hulu. What is that? >> This is cool because it actually has strawberry. It looks like glass >> already on there >> with like a Is that like a sugary coating on there? >> That's good. >> Confirm. That is a hard sugary candy shell. >> What do you think, though? >> That's delicious. >> That's good, huh? Oh, man. >> Yeah, that's really delicious. little impromptu break there. We had to we had to step inside, get some cover cuz it started to rain. And now I'm just looking at the clock. Babe, it is already 4:23. >> This day has gone by so fast. >> Wow. So, I think I think what we're going to do maybe is >> not We're going to go because I I still want to see Living with the Land. >> Yeah, we want to do our fig, too. Yeah, we're fig >> I want to see Spaceship Earth. And apparently, uh Allison was saying there's some pretty good food on the other cheeseport. >> Yeah, I was talking about >> Yeah. So, I think we're going to we might just skip the rest of the World Showcase and head over to >> Okay, sounds good. >> Uh yeah, the other side. >> Where's Morocco, though? I did want to go. >> Well, the Morocco straight ahead. We still can get that. Yeah, for sure. You want to get something there? >> I want to get something for my my girlfriend. >> Oh, not to eat. >> Oh, I I'm down. Does Morocco have good food? Well, >> they have food. I don't know how good it is right now. I mean, I like their regular food, but we're looking at fair food. I want to eat fair food. >> Well, let's go check it out. >> All right. Quick stop in Morocco, though. >> See if we're going to do a little a little shopping real quick. I have a lot of Jasmine stuff. Look >> your hand. >> We're looking for Moroccan themed pins. >> Yeah. And Pana wanted one. Oh, yeah. And also get one from Kareem. >> All right. And I guess we are going to go to Morocco to get some get a wrap. They do have some festival food here at the Tangerine Cafe. Flavors of the Madina Medina. Is it funky or cold? I don't know. But I love this place. This is one of my favorite grab that food in a second. But I wanted to agree with you that I love Morocco as a location. They don't that they close it. They close the table service restaurant. >> Why? >> That there's nothing back. You make that loop around the back and it's barren. There's nothing there. >> They should do something to >> I know. I don't know why they don't. >> It's almost become one of my new favorite countries. >> Oh, absolutely. Yeah. In the food. You're going to you're going to love this. >> I'm going to die. I love Mediterranean food. I really, really do. You're going to love the way you, like I said, the way the way they do the food service. They they make it right in front of you right there. That guy's Yeah. They'll prep it in front of you and they'll cook it and then Miguel and Janelle will show up and they'll they'll get in your shot. Also, everybody's in my shot. What's up? Anyway, we're going to be picking up the Moroccan wrap, which is it's a tomato, cucumber relish, and garlic sauce on warm Moroccan flatbread. And you can get that with chula chicken, Moroccan spiced lamb, or the plant-based >> uh chicken or lamb. >> I want to do chicken. I don't >> We're getting We're getting chicken. And there's See, they've already got the wraps waiting for you. But they're prepping everything here. I love this. I love this. >> Wait, that Oh, I didn't see that before. >> Looks so good. >> That looks like you're going to love it. >> You want to be Jasmine? Okay, hold on. >> It's chicken, right? We got the chicken. Look at all the veggies in there, man. That looks delicious. Look at that. >> That's very good. >> What's the What's the Is there dressing in there? I forget. What is it? >> Dressing. >> There's Okay, good. I love that. >> It's falling apart. >> There's a note in there that I can't place. >> It's the garlic. >> Well, there's It's a garlic sauce, but there's something sort of charred to it. >> That's the chicken on the You >> taste the charred? >> Yes. >> It's the charred on the chicken. >> Yeah. On the chicken. >> Oh, the grill. There it is right there. You can see the chicken >> and there's definitely a char on there. >> Yeah. >> I don't know. I don't like tomatoes, but I love that. >> No, I I love like a like a Yeah. Mediterranean like >> like tabuli almost. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. >> It's really good. Thank you. The open house is now in progress. Please prepare all laboratories for demonstrations. Thank you. Where's I can't I can't do I'm too >> dark. It's good. >> This is one of my discoveries. The figment of imagination. Yeah, I know all about the Santaas. Their sight, sound, >> figments, I thought I told you not to interfere. >> But you've got it wrong, Doc. It's not about listening with your ears. It's about listening with your imagination. >> And I g you can see things differently physically. Shadows and smells often trigger the imagination, especially when pleasant familiar smells come. Woo! You win one. >> From me and you. You see, Doc, I knew you'd get it cuz you got set free. >> You said it, Doc. Imagination is a blast. >> And now we invite you to set your imaginations free. of those like scooter things about >> I almost got that Epcot one but >> feel like that show is better figment the the journey into imagination is better when you got kids and a family and everything cuz when I go on this ride by myself I'm like h anyway we got to get back we got to get some more food. We're going to go across the the the pond here and go to yach pick up some man you got a cheese board. I love cheese boards. That's next. What do I do? There we go. >> The yacht club's got the trio of dips and wait, that's three chips and three dips. Is that caviar on there? And a captain's board. Cheese board. I got to see that. Oh my god. How fascinating. >> Where are we? Yacht Grub. >> Yacht Grub and Beach. >> Yacht Grub. >> There's Y Oh, there's Beach Grub also. >> Uh Yacht Grub. We're trying out the trio of dips. It's not a trio of chips. That is a trio of dips. I must say that uh that looks more like a like a fruit salad or something. I'm not sure about that one. That one's a little sketch. Uh, we got eight eggs of caviar. >> So, I'm That's going to be One person is going to get lucky enough to put that on. >> You can have it. I I don't care for caviar. >> Okay. And that's So, that's the uh So, there's a whipped feta, candied lemon, caramelized. Okay. So, that's whipped feta right there. That's whipped feta. >> That is caramelized onion dip. >> And that's the uh candied lemon. >> I'm going to get a little nugget of that caviar on there. >> Watch it fall on the lawn. Did you get everything? >> No, you're good. >> There's not enough there for the caviar to be present. >> Okay. >> Don't even worry about that one. >> Okay. >> Mostly what I tasted was a chip. >> The actual >> caramelized onion. Is it? >> Yeah. >> It's okay. >> Okay. >> Let me try the whipped lemon. almost nothing. There's almost no taste at all on that. >> Oh, there it is. A little bit. I got a little bit of orange >> or lemon. I'm not sure what. It's okay. >> You don't like it? >> You like the pimento? >> Not really. >> Ah, my love. >> So, we're just going to move on to the the cheese board. Captain board. Oh, do we know >> what is that? >> It's like kind of like fig. >> It's not like mashed up dates. >> Yeah. Or dates. Yeah. And then that one right there is >> that. That's a fake. >> That's fake. >> That's like what you get at Trader Joe's. >> Right. >> This is probably all that from Trader Joe's. >> Looks really good though. >> That looks delicious. I'm kind of jealous of that bite. >> Some pushido. Come on. >> Push. >> Very sweet. Oh, >> my wife took it. Put that on face. Wait. >> That's a good cheese. >> Sweet and savory a little bit. >> That was some of that that pepperoni right there. >> Oh, there's pepperoni. >> Pepperoni. >> What happened? >> That's how you do it. >> Miguel is like the Remy of the table, I guess, right? It doesn't meant that so good pepperoni. >> Mhm. >> Wow. >> Oh, >> the cheese board. All of it. >> Is that the parmesan? Give me that parmesan. >> So, that's parmesan, pepperoni, >> and the uh >> Yeah. Uh whatever that that dip is. >> Like a knife. >> Oh, it's a ladybug. Don't Don't hurt it. Don't hurt it. Someone get the lady butt from her. >> Oh, it's so cute. >> Is it Adam? >> It could be very much so Adam. It's a boy. So, >> you want to keep it on there? Definitely. That was Adam. >> That was very sweet. Sorry. Go ahead, baby. >> Hang in there. >> That's outstanding. >> Yeah, this is definitely hitting the spot. Probably more so. >> There's another one in there. >> It's sweet. You can have it >> a little bit. >> That's pretty good. >> This is the perfect note after after the >> savory cheese backwards. >> There's so much flavor on that. It's so strong. >> Yeah, that's a very good cheese. Um >> Oh my god. >> The pickles are good. >> Perfect. >> Yeah, the pickles are good actually. >> And the bio stick is >> Yeah. Winner. >> This whole plate is perfect. Yay. >> I'm going to try these dips that you tried. >> Yeah. So, she's going for the dip. That's the whipped feta. >> Wow. Grab some. >> Then there's >> still some caviar left on there. >> I'll do a little. >> You're not even going to taste it, though. That's the caramelized onion. >> Good call. >> You're right. It's good. >> That one. The caramelized onion one is really good. >> What is this? Crazy one. >> Whipped lemon. >> Oh, no. Was it? No, not whipped lemon. >> Something lemon. Something melon. Something >> pimento. >> M. That one's good. That's my favorite. >> That's very tasty. That's >> I hardly tasted anything. >> Oh, yeah. Pimento. Uh, pimento and pimento cheese. >> You need to go to the bathroom. >> Where's the story? Looks like we got quite a queue ahead of us. >> No recon necessary at Living with the Land. Even she knows in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find. I was unlocked. >> And other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. >> You okay, babe? Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce valuable harvests now and into the future than waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petal are edible. The more popular raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system here recycles the water in the tank. These plants are definitely on their way. Innovative brewing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using Did you hear your daughter say micro breeze? >> I sure did. >> It's another great way to produce more while using less. >> In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. Then check out the behind the scenes tour. It's a chance for a home that comes to a complete stop. I want to thank you, honey, for your educational content. >> You did outstanding, Sophia. >> Yes, your presentation was A+. >> I hope you keep that. >> You need a mermaid to walk there. gym here. >> Oh. Oh. >> Truly living with the land here. Actually, we're not even in the land anymore, though. Montreal. There he goes. There goes the Montreal. And there's >> Spaceship Earth. And yeah, it is a uh Griswall family tradition to end any visit to Epcot with a ride on Spaceship Earth. I feel like it's either do it first or last, right? >> Yeah, I agree. >> Cuz it's right here, you know, like either you're super excited and you just can't wait or you put it off and you do it at the end before you leave. So many people see her face inside of it. together. Uh today invent the movable type. accessing sound 194 will forever be known as anywhere. Together we form a super network that flows with billions of interactions. Once again, we stand on the brink of a new renaissance. Then we'll show you a new road. Please >> last day of the Ericson family vacation. Four parks if you count Gatorland. Hollywood Studios. >> Bye. >> Not even tripping. I'll go to Magic Kingdom twice instead. Uh, amazing week. But now, hopefully things go well here. We're going to have another trip planned no matter what for June. And uh I've got uh I got some I got some ideas for June. We're going to have a good time. We don't know where we're staying. >> You too. So, cuz I'll be working kind of. >> Yes, she's going to be working. Uh it's going to be a Getaway Today uh sponsored event. Um they're hosting us there. By the way, thanks again for Getaway Today for planning this trip for us. They helped us out quite a bit as they always do. >> Yep. Always. >> Even if even though we stayed off property, they we actually did that through Getaway Today also. They can help you with off property. >> Uh hotels if you want as well. >> Uh but yeah, what an amazing uh four days we just had here. It's been It was so good to be back. I feel like a you know like I I almost forgot. I almost forgot about Walt Disney World. Now I'm glad I didn't. Uh hope you guys enjoyed the shows. There's our daughter once more. She's so >> Did you have fun? >> Did you like Walt Disney World? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Sophia, what was your favorite part? >> What was your favorite park? >> Um, Epcot. >> Epcot. >> What you think? >> That's not true. That's not true. It's Magic Kingdom. And >> And what's your favorite ride? >> Snow to the splash. >> Just stay right here. We're almost done. >> Okay. I love her. There she goes. Wait, can we see her? There she goes. She's just a tiny little adult now, just doing her own thing. I love her. I love you guys. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. We're going to see you in Disneyland soon. Fishbaked. >> Fish baked.
