---
video_id: _b06do4HSkY
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Disney likes the price but wants more value | State of Disneyland 2026-04-06"
published: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b06do4HSkY
---
Is Disneyland too expensive? Would Disney ever lower their prices? Josh Demaro has weighed in and his comments are kind of revealing. Meanwhile, it's still packed in the parks, but maybe not for much longer. We'll tell you why next. It's our state of Disneyland report, and this is Fresh Bait. We're getting this day started here at the top of town square at the Disneyland Railroad Train Station. And if you're looking for signals, if you're looking for signs, I think we got more crowds ahead of us today. I can't wait. Not often you see a queue like that at Disneyland Railroad. That means the people are out there looking for something to do and they're not happy with the cues they find. They're like, "Well, I guess we'll go ride the train." That's why it gets like that, cuz they're looking for something to do. That's because there's a whole bunch of people here, cuz people love coming to Disneyland. Isn't that amazing? like myself. Everybody, thank you for tuning in to this State of Disneyland Report. I am your host, David, and we're going to take a tour around this entire park. We're going to spend an hour plus going to every land and every attraction, and we're going to talk about what's happening at Disneyland. We're going to talk about what's new. There's stories in the works like like tickets, for example, and the price of them. We're also going to do some Q science, a little Q math as it were, help you guys determine when is the right time or the wrong time to get into a given queue here at Disneyland. And we're going to have an awesome time doing it. Stay tuned for the next hour plus. This is our state of Disneyland report. Starting here on Main Street where it's been pretty active here all afternoon or I should say all morning. It is uh as we speak 11:46 a.m. on a Monday. Beautiful day actually. We're finally getting some mild temperatures. It's only 76° right now, which is the coolest it's been in weeks, it seems like. Okay, we're having a little traffic jam. Okay, I'm hoping that temperature holds up. I'm hoping that we keep it under 80 if at all possible because uh that's like the perfect That's the perfect zone for for the parks here at Disneyland. And I think the crowds are ready for that. The the spring spring is still here, but Easter's gone, by the way. The Easter is over. That was yesterday. Uh we were here by the way we were here on Sunday for Easter day. We did a little acoustic. You can find that on our sister channel at tours departing daily. There is a link for that uh channel in the description below. Please do check that out. We had a wonderful time. Uh said hi to the Easter Bunny, etc. Today it's going to be about the vibe here at the Disneyland Resort. What is the state of Disneyland? We're going to find out. We're going to go We're going to find out. I have a feeling it's going to be much like we found it a few weeks ago. It's been three weeks, I think, since we've done a state report. We were in Florida for a week. Had a great time. Hope you guys check those videos out. We've got, well, I think we put out our last one, our Epcot video yesterday. As you watch this, uh, we got three videos for our Walt Disney World trip, plus something a little extra, couple little extra ones for our members and Patreons. Uh, we went to Downtown Disney, we went to Gatorland, had a great time, hung out with our friends. It was pretty amazing. But enough of all that. Let's talk about what we're seeing right here, which is quite a few guests milling about. Usually, this area right here is kind of quiet. It's a wide open space, so it doesn't Hi. Uh you don't get any bottlenecks here, so it does get spread out. But when you do see a lot of guests pinched into this zone, hey guys. Uh when you do see a little a lot of traffic going here, that's usually a sign that the day is going to be pretty busy. And you know, as we mentioned uh in our last episode, fresh. Hi guys. Uh it has a lot to do with that uh 3-day ticket, the the discounted California ticket, the discounted California resident ticket. That ticket sold exceptionally well. So well, in fact, that well the the the the crowds are here. The crowds the parks have been popping for a solid month now at least. Uh, and it sold so well that Disney's actually said, "You know what? Xnne on the discounted ticket." They have uh ended that actually as of last Thursday, you can no longer buy that discounted ticket as a California. You can still use it and you can still make your uh reservations if you have any left, but you can't buy that ticket, which is kind of a big deal cuz I think that was expected to to keep selling through the end of the period. like you could, you know, you could buy one right up until the last 3 days of the period. That was the plan, but they have sold so many, it has gone so well that Disney has had to put, you know, they they've capped it. It's incredible. Uh, and if there's any message that can be learned from that from Disney's perspective, if Disney's going to learn anything, is that guests are starving for some kind of break, some kind of discount on tickets. That, you know, a $200 ticket is just is just a little too much for a lot of people. and they are going to wait and wait and wait and they're going to be patient and they're going to wait until you give them either one of those green days where they're selling it for $108, which is pretty rare, but those the crowd explodes on those days. Uh or they wait for a discount ticket like the one that they did just now or recently. And then they and then they don't go they don't go when it's at peak prices like in, you know, coming up here in uh uh in June and July during the summer. I I I still maintain that we're going to have a pretty mild June and a pretty mild July unless >> this is a whole different conversation unless the explore the explore key does its job and brings in more magic keys during that period. I got more to say on this as we make our way into the park because uh Josh tomorrow has talked about this. He has spoken about uh Disney guests feelings about ticket prices and he has a response for that which we're going to get into. But now I want to get into Adventure Land. Ha. and start our grand tour through every land and every attraction. And we're going to talk about every single one as we go through here. Like Tiki Room, which is never a problem. I don't have to do any recon there. If you feel like going to the Tiki Room, you go to the Tiki Room. No waiting ever. I've never been held at the door in my life. Pretty sure. And by that I mean I've never had to wait for the next show. Uh, so Adventure Life is actually looking a little a little busy right now. This is I'm I'm I'm I'm digging this in terms of crowd sizes, even though the Jungle Cruise is still closed. Still closed. And we don't have a a date a reopening date as of yet. Although I was hearing something like, you know, a couple of months, which we're almost there. It almost I think it's been a couple months, right? Uh but they're they're they're still working. I just saw a worker just now still there. Last time I was here on Friday and just now I saw some guys adding new uh a new finish some of the wood. Oh, there you go. There's the right there. Yeah, they're still working on the finish up there. At least I'm assuming there Oh, there's Okay, so we've got yellow vest, orange vest, and two one or two brown helmets. That usually indicates Imagineering. So, they're still working on Well, there's some kind of feature maybe that Imagineering is trying to add. I doubt it, but I mean, why else would Imagineering be up there? Let's keep going, though. Let's see what we've got next door. And of course, by that I mean Indiana Jones Adventure, which is looking like uh 55 minutes right now. >> Not liking the looks of the back of this queue. I don't even have to do any uh recon back there. I don't even have to go back there, but I'm going to do it anyway cuz I got some other things to show you back there. But, uh, Indiana Jones is popping right now. That's what happens, by the way. Whenever an attraction goes down near to a major attraction like Indie, the guests that were going to try to go to Jungle Cruise or or whatever is closed are going to wind up going to Indiana Jones Adventure instead if they're not paying attention. I mean, it Jungle Cruise has been closed for months, so hopefully by now people have gotten the message, but it I you'd be surprised how little attention is paid to that kind of thing. Never a good sign when you see guests flanked on this left >> extended queue. Even worse when you see it collecting out there at the Ind the old Indiana Jones Fastpass, >> but we're going to try to make our way back there anyway because I want to show you guys this situation here. If you've been watching our construction reports, you know they've been working on this whole situation. still don't know exactly what it is they're trying to do because we haven't seen any sort of action uh you know in terms of there being work being done. I feel like they're doing it offsite perhaps uh and not here on site on something like I don't know 8 weeks 10 weeks I don't know uh where where nothing has happened here and we're still you know everything is open as far as India's concerned everything is still open the ride still works as it should uh but they're just trying to reit that situation and of course as expected this is what we're finding out here in the queue if you've watched this show before you know that I recommend coming back here to look at this section to see how things look. Let me fix my camera a little bit to see how full this is right here. I mean, I said we didn't have to because if the queue's out there in the uh you know, Indiana Jones Fastpass kiosk, then you know, this section is full. They wouldn't run the queue out there if this section wasn't already full. They're at max capacity back here. So, this is not a good look. Uh I still I I still feel like it's not 55 minutes, though. Hey, guys. Uh I've done this queue before. I've done that queue they're in right now. And I did that in about 40 45 minutes. So you still have I mean it's not the worst case scenario. It's it's it's manageable if it keeps moving if there's not too much lightning lane, which that's what this is right here on the left. That's your lightning lane and the ramp is full. So not ideal actually not ideal to have that full ramp full of lightning lane and then having lightning lane come out here sometime goes around the corner. I might try to come back and handle this one at a different time. And now that I You know what? I'm I'm seeing a scenario here as we exit. Bango Barbecue, one of my favorite places to eat in the entire park. I always recommend using light or a mobile order because out here the queue is usually just a disaster. Normally, it's four or five times the size, especially on a busy day like it is, especially when it's just shy of or it is 12:01. the fact that this queue was only one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. >> Oh, well, thank you very much. Thanks, guys. >> I'm hungry and I want to see who gets there first. Uh, I'm I'm going to do mobile order, which is at 45 minutes right now. I'm going to do mobile order, and then I'm going to see if I can't beat the back of this queue to to getting our food. Stand by. I actually have a pretty good feeling we're going to get whooped. But uh let's get a skewer. A banyan beef skewer. Let's get a bangle beef skewer. Can't Let's get the pork and vegetable skewer and get rid of We got that. >> We'll do the order. So, we're going to Now we're at 12:45. Let's see how we do. I'm going to move out of the way. I'm right here in the middle of traffic. We're at 12:50. >> Oh, it's getting worse. 12:15. Okay, that's something. I don't know if we're going to do better than 12:15 to be perfectly honest. Come on. Wouldn't that be amazing? But it's getting worse, not better. But I do still have the 1215. I mean, at this point, I should just give up, right? And be ready to hit. I'm here. But you know, I'm a fighter. I'm a fighter. I don't easily rest. But there you go. I'm here. Like I said, not a fair fight, but uh it was still fun to try. We got pretty close. I mean, they they were just leaving as I was hitting. I'm here. I still have to wait probably four or five minutes, I'm guessing, to get my food. So, I would have been better off getting into that queue. I'd be getting I'd be placing my order right now, I think, if I if I had got That's right. So, we're still not exactly there yet. I would just now be placing my order at 12:11. That's really the guest that I should be racing is the guest behind that group, right? See if I get called. And it's not so bad getting food at Bangal Barbecue. That's kind of easy with the mobile order refresh hack. Finding a table out here in Adventure Land, even with one attraction closed, I got lucky enough to find one. It's right next to the tiki room back here. So, got a little shade, got a little quiet, got a little pork belly with asparagus. Cheers. That was way more saucy than it usually is. I feel like it's not supposed to have that sauce on there. And I got to tell you, I'm really glad that I let off with that cuz that first bite, in spite of the fact that all that extra sauce is on there that I don't think was supposed to be there, that was delicious. Here's some of that asparagus. It' be better if it was a whole skewer of vegetables, but I'll take that. This is the beef skewer with the sweet zulu sauce. My absolute favorite. I normally would ask for extra, but you know, I didn't need to in this case. That looks like it's got a liberal application of that sweet sula sauce. Wow. Tell you what, that sauce always delivers. The beef as usual is, you know, well done basically and uh a little chewy, a little tough, but it's okay. It's okay. You know, as long as you kind of go into it with that mindset that you're not going to get, you know, an expertly graded piece of beef. The sauce does all the heavy lifting anyway, man. You can just get go with it. That looks great. I mean, am I crazy? It is. It's all over. If I kept the light right, you can kind of see how heavy that glaze is. The last time we got this, I don't remember it being that heavy. I keep having to fight the shade. Wow. This is This is really delicious. I'm really enjoying this. I've always said for as long as I've been eating here at Disneyland, for as long as I've been eating at Bango Barbecue, that the the beef skewer with the sweet Zula sauce was the absolute best thing on the menu. But not anymore. This thing is amazing. That's so so good. Don't forget the napkins when you get these. You can see how tough that uh the outer part of that beef skewer is. Well, I'm just about done knocking these out. Both were delicious, but the uh pork belly is a little bit better than the chicken. I mean, I'm sorry, the the beef skewer. I'm going to give that a four out of five. The only knock I would say the strike is that I would have liked more veggies. I I I don't know how we're supposed to have a balanced meal here at Bango Barbecue if you don't give us any veggies. But otherwise, these were delicious. Cheers, Fresh B. >> All right, guys. back in Adventure Land. And it's gotten worse since we've left. My goodness. The back of the Indie quue. That's the back of the Indie queue. You don't usually see You only see that at rope drop. Hi guys. Thank you guys. Thank you. Uh yeah, look at that. So, it's backed up that far. It's into the lightning lane uh or the fastpass kiosk and obviously wrapped around the corner. It's getting it's gotten worse. Adventureland is just jam-packed right now. Uh the the traffic coming in and out of Pirates right now is kind of nuts. Wow. This is going to be an intense afternoon. If these early results are any indication, we're going to find out next at Pirates the Craven. We're going to look at Pirates. We're going to check out Pirates. And then I want to talk a little bit about those comments from Josh tomorrow. Pirates and a pirate. >> I don't know how I got here. >> Why is the wait so long, Jack? >> Oh, cuz you're trying to find me. >> Is that right? >> I know. >> That's an awful long time. >> Sorry, everyone. Without me being in there. >> See you, Captain. 45 minutes for pirates right now. 45 minutes. I don't like the I don't like the look of that, but I I don't mind this. This is fine. That's not 45. Let's go take a look. We'll see if it cuts across the street. But if it's making a U-turn right here, well, heck no. >> Heck no. That's not 45 minutes. >> Nope. They're making a U-turn. >> This is 25 minutes. >> Yeah. Look at that. This is the back. The back of the queue is making the U-turn. You're going to spend 7 minutes up there and you're going to come back down here. You spend 2 minutes coming around the corner and then maybe 15 10 or 15 up there. Let's see how things are moving down here. Actually, they they should be moving pretty much the same always. But yeah, there's a lot of movement on that left side. >> Right side's got some movement. People are going into the building with with a little bit of pace. No way is this a 45minut queue. I'd be shocked if it was anything over 30 minutes. You might be able to convince me it were 45 minutes if these switchbacks out here were full. If these probe set were full of a bunch of guests, you might be able to convince me it might be 45 minutes, but it is not ready for a huge crowd though. And it could come out this way at some point. I feel like right now maybe everybody's getting lunch. Maybe, you know, we were getting lunch. Uh but this is this they were expecting this out here when they had a 45. I'd be even willing to guess or bet that by the time we make it back down there, they will have changed the queue. It's getting lighter, you guys. It's getting lighter. Look how quickly that queue is moving up on top of the bridge. Look how quickly that's moving. >> It's lightning fast. Let's take a slow casual walk. This is nuts right here though. Look at that. Wow. That takes me back. Well, they lowered it, but not any not as much as I was expecting. They did lower it. It is now 40 minutes. Jack's still entertaining guests out there taking photos, signing autographs in front of his now 40minute queue at Pirates. It's still not that bad. I would get in that queue in a heartbeat. I would have got in it if it if it was out there though. if it was out there in New Orleans Square, it just would have been closer to the 30 or 35. Uh, so let's talk about those Josh Tomorrow comments. You see, ticket prices are always a subject of conversation. Uh, it has long been said for as long as I've been covering this park that the park cost too much. They were saying that 15 years ago when tickets were half the price they are today, and they're saying it obviously again today these days. And as I just mentioned before, it's, you know, it's obvious that that's that people feel that way because they're they're waiting as long as possible to get a ticket. They're waiting for the best deal possible. And so at a recent uh uh shareholder meeting, somebody asked Josh, actually, I think this is his first quarterly report uh since taking over, somebody asked him, "What about ticket prices? How are you guys concerned at all that that that Disney cost too much?" I'm going to try to quote him now so I don't get anything twisted as far as what he said. Per Josh, tomorrow, this is an important question. I guess I'd start with the fact that I know that a Disney park visit, it's a meaningful investment for families that visit us. Our goal is for every single guest to feel that their experience is worth it. Basically, what we want this experience to be the best day of a guest's life and we're always measuring our success here. So, what he's saying, well, actually what I should say is that what he's not saying is he agrees that the price of Disneyland is too much. He's not saying that. He and by not saying that he's saying prices are going to stay the same. What I'm inferring from that statement. What I'm inferring is that but rather than just say deal with it. Is that the Mark Twain? >> Rather Oh, we're going to get the Mark Twain passing by here. Rather than just saying deal with it, he at least is saying I understand you feel that way. We've observed that. We're going to try to make this the best experience possible to live up to that price, which is kind of the opposite of what we've seen in recent or past administrations, Disney administrations, where they've just raised the prices and they've been taking, we've observed that for a long time. Prices go up and things keep getting cut. Something that we noticed uh was what uh when a couple months ago when uh Masloom and Dear were speaking about some things they were trying to do to improve the park measures that they're looking at talking about maybe eliminating the park hop time rule uh or improving the the performance of of the attractions, improving their reliability, improving their ability to keep those attractions running. I mean, it really is just Mark Twain wrap. Guys, what is my life? I'm over here doing a report. I have to go to work today and do a state of Disney report and I get to do it while watching the Mark Twain go by in the background. I'm just having a moment right now. I apologize. This is the coolest thing in the whole wide world. I'm hoping that he believes that and I'm hoping that Josh and team now he's the he's the top guy so he can he can make things happen. I'm hoping that he means it that okay fine the ticket prices are a lot and I I wasn't expecting prices to come down. Anybody who's expecting Disneyland to reduce their to lower their prices for any park anywhere is asking a lot. I I we they've done pretty well with the discounted ticket already. I felt like that was a pretty amazing offer that they gave guests and I was really appreciative of that. We bought two for our daughter. Uh so I you know that that was a great move and I do like the things that they're doing with the reverbs and I I'm hoping that they they follow through on the park hopping time rule and hopefully we can follow through the better the better explore pass. you know, I I feel like they are trying. And so to answer that question for those guests who were if you were to ask me, I would say, "Yeah, deal with it." But I'm also going to uh I'm also going to give Disney the benefit of the doubt. I'm going to give tomorrow the benefit of the doubt that he means what he says that they want to they don't want to just charge you more for a premium experience, which Disneyland is. You guys, Disneyland is a premium experience. Even within the theme park community, I hear lots of conversation about how it's cheaper to go to Knots. It's cheaper to go to Universal. Hi guys. It's cheaper to do other things. I'm here to tell you that Disney competes incredibly well on price in those things. They compete incredibly well with going to a football game or even going to the movies. That's that's a whole another conversation I get into why I feel like the math is right on that. Uh it competes really learned. You might get a small discount on the ticket price for Universal or Knottberry Farm, but you're going to get a huge uh non-disount. Hi guys. Uh at the experience you're getting at Knottberry Farm and Universal, it is not the same. It is not the same. I It is just not uh especially when it comes to Knotsberry Farm, let's say, and their and their uh fast lane on a busy day at Mounts. You can't survive that park without it. I I don't want to get into that conversation. I just want to say I believe in Josh at the very minimum. I want to I want to believe in Josh. We're standing by. You know, I forgot to even mention getting back to pirates. It's closing. I want to say May 4th, a little less than a month from now, it's closing for who knows how long. It'll be closed until at least June. We know that much because uh I've heard also well obviously because Pirates is closing we talked about this in our construction report because Pirates is closing they must also close the blue bayou which we're heading back in that direction but the blue bayou is going to open before Pirates does in May. So that means if they're saying pirate or blue body is going to open before pirates and at the end of May, then that by by deduction we can say that the pirates ride is going to be closed until at least June. Uh but look for Blue Bayou to close in a in about a month and they're going to change something. They're going to call it a modified dining experience. Now, I feel like that's kind of a a provocative statement, a modified dining experience. What does that mean? It has me it has my mind spinning. I think it could mean simply because the ride isn't open. Pirates of the Caribbean, which is such a huge part of the dining experience at Blue Bayou. I mean, for me, it is the entire purpose. It's the I wouldn't go I'm not going to Blue Bayou unless Pirates is open. That's just there's there's no there's no debate on that. So maybe that preferred dining experience is just Wild Pirates is closed. They might have a scrim up, you know, that's modified. They might do something. I don't know. Uh they're they're alluding to the fact that it's not going to be the same dining experience that you would normally have. Not necessarily a plus, not necessarily adding to it, but saying, "Hey, it's not gonna be the same thing that you're used to, but it's still the blue bike." And with that, we'll keep moving. We have spent a lot of time out here in Newborn and Square Fresh Pick, but that's okay. I love New Square. We're going to head next to Haunted Mansion where a few weeks ago, we just saw an absolutely bonker scene out here where the two cues were meeting. Haunted Mansion was back out here in the street and then Pirates of Creatment was coming out this direction and they met in the middle. It was pretty wild. Not so crazy today. Looks like a fairly modest queue in there. Well, maybe a little more than modest. They're calling it 40 minutes, which I actually by the looks of thing is pretty accurate. >> Yeah, let's do it. You've got a queue coming around the side of the house there. And they are also I'm assuming if they're on the side of the house then they are also in Leota's garden. That looks very full over here as well. And that looks pretty that looks pretty tight snug. You must continue your reconnaissance and check the back and see if they're back there in the greenhouse. Also, they've got tape out. They're expecting queue out here. Perhaps they're ready for it. But yeah, the greenhouse is full. That's the definitely a 40minute queue. You're going to wait that whole 40 minutes is my expectation. No discounts here. Total 40 minutes. By the way, we talked about the Disney Railroad queue. >> Hi guys. How's it going? Uh we talked about the Disney Railroad queue at at the Town Square station. Look at this. Hi guys. Uh, you don't often see this queue get down the stairs. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys. Uh, you hardly ever see it get down the stairs. And now it's running the back of the queue. My goodness. The back of the queue is coming up and around the back side of Tiana's almost people are looking for alternative things to do. want to try. >> Oh man, every time I do something like that and I film the train. I just did that yesterday actually and I didn't I miss riding. I have not been on the train in two months maybe. It's maybe been two months since I've been on that train. I got to fix that somehow. So Pirates was too high. I think that Haunted Mansion might have been too low. >> Have they raised it? No. Still 40. But I would I I'm not sure I want to get in this queue right now. I might look for a better opportunity. Let's keep going. We got a long way to go, you guys. We got a long way to go. >> It's 10:05. We've been at this for two hours already. I haven't even yet escaped New Orleans Square. We got to get moving. Looks like the Harbor Galley is back open again. For those of you who have been paying attention on social, etc., this was closed unexpectedly for about 3 days. They just put it up on the reverb calendar and said you can't come in for 3 days. Nobody knows why. Uh it was probably not scheduled or expected, but uh it's back open now, so that's good. What about Giannis Thai Bayou Adventure? You say there it is. Do you guys know? Holy smokes. You guys know this is consistently top three busiest attractions in the park. It is often the case that the standby wait time for Tiana, especially on a even like just a warm day will exceed rise space indie. Let's take a look. Let's see >> just real quick. >> Come on. Indiana Jones is 65. >> Matter Horn is 55. Space is 65. >> Star Tours is 70. >> So what is Tiana's? I'm not going to show you on the app. I'm going to show you right here. I didn't even look. I stopped. I stopped there. Uh, Rise of the Resistance is 75. Right now, the busiest, most popular attraction in Disneyland is Tiana's Bayou Adventure. Good for you. For those who are saying people don't want to go on Tiana's, I beg to differ. By the way, I would expect that to be a fairly true 90 minutes. The garden is full. It look They're looking very compacted. That queue is compressed. They're stuck there along the rock wall, but not too bad out here in Lightning Lane, actually. I would have thought we'd see more. So, you might get a discount here. That might be closer to 60 or 70 if you got in that queue right now. Look at there's single rider. That's a great option right now. There's about 20 guests in single rider plus another 10 more inside the attraction. Maybe 15 more once you go through that that spot right there. You go through there and there's a little more queue at the end of that. Oh man. Yeah. Extended one and extended two are in full use. This is a sick sick queue right now. Wow. Be prepared. Set your mind right. It's going to be 90 minutes. Like get that in your head. It's going to happen. I mean, maybe closer to 60 or 70, like I said, but you're not getting a discount here. And number one busiest attraction in the park today, Diana's Bio Adventure, not even Rise of the Resistance or Space Mountain or Indie or the Matah Horn or anything else. 90. By the way, can we talk about Star Tours being 70 minutes? What in the heck is going on there? They must be down to like one transport. That's the only thing I can think of. Want a frozen lemonade or a churro from the stand here at Bay Country? There's a queue for that, too. Wow. You know what? Let's go take a sneak peek up at Hungry Bear. It's, you know, lunchtimeish. It's 1, what' I say? 1:15 going on 1:30 now. Not as bad as it was 3 weeks ago, but still no breaks. I keep saying that, guys. Did you see the Did you see the last day of Disney report? That was one of the sickest days I've ever spent. That was crazy. That was mad busy. You know, and it brings to mind again the question about ticket prices cuz we can, you know, cost too much, cost a lot. No arguments there. I I I don't want to say too much. I kind like I said I'm kind of in agreement with tomorrow and that this is the premium experience and the price is you know indicative of that in so much as I go down these stairs you know in terms of economics supply and demand demand dictates price that sort of thing people keep showing up I mean obviously the price is not too high because this the park is full of guests in here some of them are probably you know on the discount tickets so we'll see what happens in June But there is a a degree of the fact that >> in spite of all that I I because I don't imagine everybody here is on the discount ticket. Not everybody here is from California, >> you know, there's still plenty just almost an infinite amount of demand for Disney and that that that premium experience. Hey guys. All right. >> Uh, we'll see. You know what? I I can't wait till June. I can't wait till the day after that SoCal Pass expires and we can come in and take a look at things and then and then obviously we have to make that assessment of whether or not it's the explore key that's, you know, it has the crowds. I mean, last tune, guys, it was dead. It was dead last June. That's another video I'm looking forward to making is a comparison of last tune to this tune to see how that looks. That's a lot of traffic coming out of Galaxy's Edge. >> I got to juke and jive a little bit. >> I don't think you were there for >> Nobody in section 4 though >> for rides. That's good. And what did I say? I just looked at the tip board and it was 75 minutes. >> Wow. Yeah. Nobody in section three. Hey guys. Uh, yeah, it's just section two. So, assuming Lightning Lane is not a problem, which I don't expect it will be. I don't expect there to be a big queue in Lightning Lane. That's a discount. That is not a 75minute queue. You will wait less time here in Rise of the Resistance considerably less >> than you will at Tiana's Body of Adventure. Check that. You won't because it looks like >> rise just closed. The rope is up. You can't come in. That's why the That's why the queue was so short cuz the people that were in section three and section 4, rightfully so, they bounced. They got the heck out of there. There's no reason to hold your space in line if you're even anywhere outside. Period. Even section one and section two. The only place that I might consider holding my spot in line is if I'm all the way in into the switchbacks and everything into the the uh caves, etc. because well, you're kind of stuck anyway. There's it's hard to get out of that section of the queue. It's hard to get out of the queue when you're in there like that. And I've waited in there a couple times. Uh it takes about 30 30 40 minutes to cycle. Uh it is a very poor decision in my opinion. Not that I want to judge anybody, but it's a very not a good decision to be sticking it out here in the heat. And you're not going to get you're not going to get any break because what's going to happen >> when it does reopen, you're not getting much of a head start because when it does reopen, there's going to be a mad rush for Lightning Lane. All the people who have bought single-use Lightning Lane are going to line up and try to, you know, they they want to get in there, too. They they they don't want to miss out their chance of of riding. I've seen a lightning lane queue after a breakdown multiple times out here into the stretch out here going all the way, you know, down to the the planter up there. Huge huge cues for Lightning Lane on a busy day after a breakdown. >> Pretty intense in here in the marketplace as well. >> I'm going to go down this way. >> Goodness. Okay, there we go. There we go. All right. There always just a bit of a pinch point right there at that spot and then it opens up once you get into the marketplace properly selling two things. >> All right. How is Smuggler's Run doing? 45 minutes >> on the board. 45 minutes. I'm looking at the glass up here. Always try to peek up there if you can to see if people are moving or if they're leaning up against the glass. There's a lot of glare up there, but it looks like they are leaning up against the glass. Let's go see what a 45minute queue potentially looks like. By the way, big action at Lightning Lane right now. Like 80% of those guests right now are Lightning Lane. Not a good look. A lot of people on standby. More than a few in Lightning Lane. Nope. >> That is a very solid no for me. Let's see how far it comes down. Okay, I see the It's up this ramp right here. Oh no, that's the back of the queue right after this left turn. We're hitting the back of the queue. I think that's just No, I mean it might be 45 minutes, but I'm not doing that. I don't really consider Smuggler's Run to be a 45minute ride. I just don't I I wish I liked it more because I love Star Wars obviously, but I just can't get down with this ride. I want to like it more. I do so bad, but I just don't know if it's ever going to Maybe it'll happen when The Mandalorian shows up, which is coming on Labor Day. The Mandalorian uh scenes, you will be able to uh enjoy those on Labor Day. I don't know yet if they're planning to mix them. If they're planning to rotate them, that would be ideal. I feel like the ideal thing is to be able to collect the experiences and not just, you know, like like what they did with I mean do the thing they did with Walt for a little while, the Walt Disney show and then and then switch them up. >> But I would like to be surprised. I think it would be cool if you could be surprised by what experience you're gonna have when you get there. By the way, I have I normally don't walk by very many people. When I when I exit the queue, I have walked by probably 50 guests coming through standby. Very busy in here today. Ah, there you go. There you go. Ogus is bumping again. >> I still haven't been in there yet. That's another thing I got to do. >> Got to get into OG, man. I got to I I I think the menu's changed a little bit. It's more or less the same. Very cramped in there as usual, I'm sure. You know, you're going to have a bunch of table mates. Uh the drinks are all premixed. The food is kind of meh, but I would like to try something. I just want to see. I It's been so long, so I've been there. I have it on my little moment as I approach or enter Fantasy Land. How's it going? >> I we you may know already that we have returned from a a trip to Walt Disney World. We were there for four days in the parks. Sort of. Uh no, three days in the parks. Yeah. And there's It's interesting how like touristy and guestlike I feel when I'm there. I mean, I'm kind of figuring out I'm getting pretty good at going to the parks there and uh I I I can certainly make my way around the parks and know where everything is, but it's, you know, the feeling of comfort and just feeling natural in the environment, I'm still not there. Whereas when I come to Deadline, no matter what it's like, like nothing is a surprise to me here in the sense that I'm like, you know, I just walk through Fland, it's just it's it's really tight and really cramped and I'm like, you know, I know what I'm doing. I know what I'm doing. I'm not afraid. I ain't afraid. I'm not afraid, I guess, is what I'm saying. When I come to Disneyland, I'm not afraid. There is very little that I'm afraid of when I come here. But when I go to Walt Disney World, I'm like, "Oh, I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing." You know, Epcot is such a grind, you guys. Epcot is a hard park. to like you got to get your you got to you got to go in knowing you're going to walk your ass off when you go to Epcot. Let's see. I mean, even though busy it is here in Fantas, I'm not afraid cuz Pinocchio is still going to be just a few minutes. There's nothing that scares me about this situation right here. Pinocchio is uh almost dead. Let's see. Snow White, that's looking okay. That's looking a little busy. Oh, look at that queue. Oh boy. Here we go. That's a story. This is twice as big as Pinocchio. Snow White. They've got the sign out here that says 25. Once it gets past this light pole and out here into this zone, that's when it starts getting like, "Oh my gosh, how busy is it today?" That's a long queue for Snow White. I'd still get in it. Peter Pan, I mean, it's always like this. You know what to expect at Peter Pan. It's almost the same queue every single time we come here. No matter what time it is from 8:05 until midnight or 11 p.m. or whenever it is the park closes, all that's full. Uh Merlin, that Merlin section down there is full. And for whatever reason, these three chains are never full. Like these three chains are always open. Am I right? And that's posted 40. Uh yeah, it's going to be less than that. That's like a 30-minute queue. You can count on Peter Pan to be the same pretty much every single day no matter what. Toads is about as it normally is. They've actually put in some emergency ropes out here, but they're not quite in there yet. But that's a full queue for Toads. Probably 20 minutes. They're calling it 30. It is more like 20. And they've got Dumbo posted at 30, which is a discount for this time of day. I can see through the way that it is all the way back there, but we've been in that queue a number of times. And that is less than 30. If you get in the queue back there, uh, underneath those last two umbrellas back there, you're still looking at a 30-minute queue. I'll show you Casey because they're running two trains. >> Hi guys, how are you? >> Uh, they're running two trains at Casey's. So, that's always a go no matter what. I don't care what the queue looks like. If it's running two trains and you want to go, you go. Actually, I mean, if you want to go on to Casey's, just go. By the way, look at this. >> Wow. How about that? Very busy right here. >> Looks like the Mad Tea Party's out here in the bonus queue. >> Just regular bonus. You know, there was a time, one time in my life that I saw a Dumbo queue. This one's ending right here. It went it kept going and it went around this little rock sitting area. It is really tight right here, guys. It's really packed right here. I can uh hardly get through. Okay, it went around this planter and down the other side towards Alice and Wonderland. I saw that one time in my life. You can count on Tea Party having a very self-regulating queue. Most of these cues at Fantasy Land are self-regulating. There's an absolute maximum that guests will they'll say nope. They'll see it and they'll go, "Nope." And they'll keep walking. I don't know how it comes to be. It's some sort of hive mind, but it is the case. There is a limit. You'll never see a tea party queue go past this point. It's hardly ever the case that you ever see it go past the ropes down there. That's that's the usual mix. It's only the rarest days, but I saw it like this. Meanwhile, Alice in Wonderland is uh not bad. Not bad. Uh I mean, it does. This looks bad, right? This looks very hairy right here. I don't I don't disagree with that, but it's not as bad as it could be. They're calling it 30. Uh, which is about right. Actually, if you're out here in this So, they're in they're in wild space out there. But, I would say from right about here, it's 15 minutes. So, that's that's maybe 10 minutes there. Speaking of that, uh, self-regulating, you'll sometimes find a one IQ come out here. I just saw it like this when I was here on Sunday, yesterday. Uh, but I've never The absolute maximum that I've ever seen. Hi guys. >> Hi. How are you? Uh, the absolute maximum that I've ever seen is about where that shade is from that tree. You will never see it get past that. That's This is it. This is the This is the longest the queue will ever get. If anybody ever sees a queue out here, they'll just say, "Let's not and go somewhere else." And I don't blame them actually because you will get a better opportunity. It's not going to be a lot better. This I mean this is a very manageable queue out here. It's still just going to be 30 40 minutes. Uh, which is a lot for Alice, I guess. But, uh, it's not going to get worse. So, you might as well go find something else to do and wait for it to get better. I I completely understand that philosophy, but boy oh boy, do you really feel the intensity in these crowds today. >> Oh, servici also. >> That Q is pretty consistent. Uh, only on the rarest of days does it ever get down that way. But that's a 2530 minute queue right there. No big deal. If you want to ride Storybook, I was like, "Oh, really, if you want to ride any attraction in Fantasy Land, just do it. Don't even worry about it." Except for maybe Matter Horn. Matter Horn, you can find levels. Matter Horn, it can be super low or super high, and you can you can find alternatives because it's got Lightning Lane. Uh, there's only two attractions that have Lightning Lane in Fantasy, thank goodness. And one of them while it doesn't need it, even if it is being used, that doesn't make a huge difference in the standby. And that's of course small world. If there is a lightning lane queue, it's small world, it's still not going to be too bad. 15 minutes that says right there. Anytime they're in just that back half of those switchbacks back there, you're in good shape. When it starts getting out here, not so much, but even then, it still moves pretty quick. Easy peasy. Get in that queue. Too many of you are sleeping on Small World. They skipped it because oh the music and whatever. Connect with your Disneyland spirit. Connect with Walt. Connect with this park. Go on Small World. Feel the feels. >> Small World is a legendary nostalgic attraction that deserves everything. It is an amazing accomplishment. Small World is. And it is a absolute call to the history of this park. And the more you do that, the better your day will be. Finally, we're getting a little momentum here, you guys. We've made it all the way back to the Fantasy Land Theater. We're going to go take a quick peek at the Bluey show. Bluey's been out now for a couple of weeks. Uh we have not seen any sort of difficulty. Everybody who wants to see a show can see a show. Uh the next show, let's see, is starting at 150. It is 1:44 right now. So, we should be seeing what approaches a, you know, a fuller end of the situation that this is everybody, anybody who wants to see the 150 show should be here right now. Looks like uh the queue is getting a little more manageable here at Trouidor. Also, I think I just heard her say as I was walking in, there's no more seating. Let's take a look. May be the case cuz they have sent us all the way to the far right side of the >> seating area. We're just going to take a peek. We're not going to look for a seat. That is a full house right there. Bluey is a thing at Disneyland. I would say you could probably find spots for one or two people in here, but uh if you're a group, good luck. you're going to get split up or you're waiting till the next show. I'm actually surprised they didn't dissuade me from coming in. Although, I think I might have been coming in right at the last moment when they might have put a rope up. We'll go take a look. We'll see if they put a rope up since we've come through. Indeed, they have. And it's collecting quickly. Man, that didn't take long at all. We must have been one of the last guests through. So, these guests are going to have to wait for the next show that they're going to turn out for the Disneyland Railroad. Wow. Wow. Wow. And so, that next show, it's actually going to be the last show. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I feel like these 310 is the next show. The 150 show is happening right now. And then you got to wait an hour and 20 minutes for the next show, which I guess is about right. There's one, two, there's just Oh my gosh. There's one, two, three, four, five shows a day. Uh, I don't know if I'm going to wait there. I don't know if I'm waiting in that queue up there for an hour. Well, actually, I take that back. It won't be an hour. When this show is over, which is like a 30 minute show, they'll let everybody out and they'll start letting people in. But still, then you got to sit in your on the bench for 40 minutes. So, I guess if you're here, this is your only day or your last day here and there's only one more show, then I guess you do have to wait. I mean, it is what it is, right? But I thought there were more than five shows, though. I felt like they were doing them like every hour or so, but they're not. They're doing it almost every two hours. >> Boy, no breaks here in Toontown either, huh? >> Well, you want to bet one of these two attractions is closed. How much you want to bet? >> Now, I didn't cheat before. I just looked now, though. Cracking up. Oh my god, it's worse than I thought. So, that is a very closed attraction. Actually, this one is it is this might be under reaper. Yes. Yes, that's right. Uh, Roger Rav's going to be down for a month or so, I believe. Uh, I think it's going to reopen probably by the end of this month. I actually I have some uh intel on that, which I'm going to share in our next construction update. Look for those on Monday. Every Monday at about 10:00 a.m. Pacific, we uh we publish a weekly construction report. And I'll have that intel, which I'm trying to vet uh we'll have that intel on next Monday's report. And when I said it was worse than I thought, it's because both attractions are closed. Not only is Roger Rabbit closed, but so too is Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. I had made that prediction because it is often the case that at least one of those two is closed when I get here. Usually it's Roger Rabbit. I don't know why Roger Rabbit is so fickle, but it is. Perhaps there's a lot of moving parts, you know, the spinning and all that stuff, lights, etc. But both Yeah, that's bad. I guess you could probably I guess the kids could still play, but there's not a lot for the adults to do here in Toontown if both of those attractions are closed. I wonder how bad that's going to make gadgets a a disaster right now, I bet. On the way there, look at this beautiful green grass. Look at that. Thanks, Josh. Tomorrow, Thomas Mazloom. Thank you. Uh, I can see the back of the K right here. So, that's not a good sign for those of you who are getting on gadgets. There is an effect. There is a Roger Rabbit Runaway Railway effect happening right now. The back of the queue is down there in the shade. Uh, still though it's a manageable. I mean, still 30 minutes. I want to say it's I always do this. The frog is 20. Maybe it's 35. The frog is 20 50 to 20 minutes is that frog. So that queue is about twice that. So maybe that's 30 to 40 minutes perhaps. I'd be willing to guess there's also going to be an impact on meeting Mickey. That says 45 minutes right here. 45 minutes. We'll just take a quick look. See if we can't find the back of the queue. You know, I once found the back of the queue right here. I once found it right here. That was pretty incredible that day. But I I'm thinking the chickens. That might be a reasonable back of the queue here. The chickens. So far so good. >> Still so far so good. this way. >> Oh, wow. It's getting better and better. I'm not feeling any action over here. >> The gopher is gophering. There he is. Oh, no. That's the carrots. The gopher's done gophering. The chickens. Here they are. They're still going. This is great, guys. How is this a 45minute queue? Wow. It is 80° out. Two attractions are closed and people still aren't finding their way into the Oh my gosh. There's the back of the queue at the screening room. The back of the queue is at the screen room. This is like uh 20 minutes. We're doing great here. Or we would be if we got in the queue. But I'm going to take the secret exit. It's just not a secret at all. But some people don't know you can bail right here if you don't feel like waiting in a queue. And we'll exit out the garage. Nice and cool in there, though. That was nice. Go in there just to get out of the heat, you guys. You don't even have to do anything. Oh my gosh. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look. I wonder. I wonder, did they just They must have just Let's go find out. I feel like going on a ride today, even though I can't record it. I don't know how long it's been open, so I don't know if we're going to Hi. if we're going to get a break here, but we're going to find out. So, one thing I'm thinking about is that uh as I understand it, it's been closed for 2 hours. It's been close to two hours, which creates a lot of pent up like people just waiting and hoping it reopens. So, there's a huge rush. So, if we're if we're not right there when it first opens, you're going to get a huge queue no matter what. Plus, you're going to have a bunch of people uh trying to cash in their lightning lanes that they've been sitting on. Uh so, this is maybe going to happen, maybe not. I don't know. We'll see. It's moving pretty good so far. Well, while we have a minute and we're traveling through this delightful queue, let me remind you guys of our friends over at Getaway Today. They are our preferred travel affiliate. We make all of our travel plans to uh Walt Disney World through Getaway Today and they can definitely help you. They are the nicest, kindest bunch of folks. We love Getaway Today. They they treat us right. They will treat you right. Super helpful, super kind, and super knowledgeable. They know as much or more about going to Disneyland, Walt Disney World, Alani Cruises. They know as much or more about that stuff as anybody and they will answer all of your questions and give you the best possible trip to Walt Disney World or wherever you're trying to go. We love Getaway Today and I would like to ask you if you are looking to book a trip to use the and book your trip with Getaway Today. And not too bad at all. As we round the corner and make our way to the screening room, we're about 5 minutes. Took us about 5 minutes to get here. So, that was pretty good. We're going to be at the mix point here. So, Lightning Lane has not yet shown up and walking right into the room. >> Welcome to our Thank you for joining us for the world premiere of the short film. >> Hi, beautiful. >> Yep. We're off to the park. See your folks want to take a ride on the train. Welcome. How you doing? Oh no. >> Attention runaway railway riders. >> We are currently experiencing technical difficulties. Please remain seated in your train car until a runup railroad representative arrives to assist you. >> Reopen. It's been open for 10 minutes. I have it another >> attention in making the runway railway power on the attraction immediately. >> Wamp wamp. >> That by the way is confirmation we are about to get walked off this ride. Yep. Confirmed. We're getting walked off. We've been in the queue or sitting for maybe 5 minutes. That's pretty quick. But uh for sure we're getting walked off right now. And there we go. We're out. Uh 20 minute lock down there. We run there for about 20 minutes. Takes that long cuz they got to they got to get everybody out of the vehicle one at a time. They don't just let everybody out all at once, you know? You do like a single file. I would have filmed it, but I feel like I'm almost positive they don't want us to, you know what I mean? Like I'm sure they don't want me to film that, but it wasn't that interesting. Anyway, uh, so that was a about 20 minutes breakdown there. By the way, I had mentioned on my way in that I wasn't going to be able to film because they have a policy there that you basically can't have anything in your hands. But then I remembered on my way in that I recently added the strap to my Pocket 3. It comes with a strap, but I never used it before cuz I like to switch hands a lot. But I'm like, you know what? I think I want to start using that strap cuz I drop these things a lot. I get bumped around anyway. So, I asked a couple cast members. I asked a bunch of cast members cuz I wanted to make sure that I can do this. Uh they said, "Yeah, as long as it's strapped to the wrist, I can shoot." So, that's how I was able to get that five or 10 seconds of footage that we got on the way in before it broke down. And of course, uh, they did issue everybody an MEP, which is very useful. Uh, it can become very useful. You can go back and use it there or come back and maybe use it at Mad Horn right now. This is a 60-minute wait. I won't be doing that because I am now behind schedule. Uh, but yeah, you guys remember I wish I could share this with somebody, >> but I don't know. It feels kind of difficult. I have to take a picture and like No, I can't. I can't. It would just be too weird. Uh because you used every you used to be able to you would get a fast pass not you know realize you can't use it so you would just give it to somebody you'd be walking around hey you want a fast pass you would just hand them your paper fastpass you can't do that anymore it's a shame I did mention there was a 60-minute wait it's already just gone down to 50 but look at that we're ride of tree you guys we are right a tree right now with that 50-minute standby that you guys is a go situation depending on what's happening around the curve around the side of the mountain. I really like the fact that we are right a tree. Lightning lane is a little bit husky right now, but they'll process this quickly and it won't take long for them to clear that queue. It'll have a minimal effect on standby at this point. Looking pretty standard, busy around the corner. I'm going to guess that's going out to extended two. And that's it. No, this is a defined 50. I'm going to call this a 35mm queue right now. If that I happened to notice while I was walking by, no sound coming from Autotopia. Autotopia looks closed. It's not scheduled. It's not a reverb. They look Yeah, there's a cast member out there. That's so weird. I'm not sure if I've ever seen this before where I've never noticed it like this before. No cars on the tracks at Autotopia. Creepy. Now, let me take this opportunity as we make our way over to Tomorrowland to uh update you guys quickly. There's a there is a solution. We've been following tracking this Toy Story bus solution. We did a video on Sunday. Hopefully you guys were able to catch that, but if you didn't, let me update you here. Uh the buses are active at Toy Story. Very, very busy. There's a bunch of bus. I've seen just a copious amount of buses running around the Toy Story lot back and forth between Toy Story and Disneyland. Uh here's here's a like a a brief summary of what we covered on this day on that video that we did on Sunday if you missed it. On April 1st, the art bus line ended out of business. Now, this is the bus line that served hotels around the Disneyland Resort on Harbor and on Catella and it also served those guests parking at the Toy Story parking lot. Those blue buses are gone today and now we're left to find out what answers Disney has for the situation as well. Well, the first thing that we can obviously check off the list of things that have happened uh as of April 1st, and that is bus service has not been interrupted here at Toy Story Lot. Bus service is business as usual, just with a different array of buses. I had actually contemplated the idea that maybe Disney would purchase the art line, the buses from the art line and just incorporate those into some sort of use. Although that they wouldn't be doing that if they were subcontracting that service out to another agency. Having said that, these buses, they are not the art buses obviously. What they do appear to be are the cast member buses, the cash shuttles. Uh we see those often. We already have for a long time. Then I I you could tell these are exactly the same buses as they use for the cash shuttles just with the different band you know that blue band around the around the waist of the bus itself. So they just they just redressed cast buses which means they had some surplus. That also suggests that Disney didn't contract this out perhaps, although they probably had to hire new drivers, but that it does suggest that they're managing this on their own. Now, the art bus was something that Disney paid into. They paid for that service. And the question that I had had since the beginning was, okay, that's, you know, I that's done. What about there's 45 hotels around here. All of them were, well, not about all of them, but most of them were utilizing the art bus in some capacity. Uh, some buses had their own service, which we'll see in a little bit, I think. Uh, but there's a lot of hotels now that aren't exactly across the street. They're they're not all the Del Soul Inn or the Camelot. Uh, there are some that are quite a ways away. Garden Grove was the first uh city. They stepped up. They said, "Okay, uh, art lines going down. Garden Grove. we're going to we're going to create our own bus line. Uh the city of Garden Grove said all those hotels that are sort of generally facing uh the Disneyland property in the sense that they are you know the guests who are staying there are probably going to Disneyland. Uh they identified 11 of those buses or I'm sorry they identified 11 of those hotels. Those 11 uh hotels are going to be served by a single line, a Garden Grove tourism district line of buses or shuttles as it were. There's another, you know, four or five hotels back in that area. I think they might be walking. And I say that because we have another consortium of hotels that have gotten together to provide their own services. This group is calling themselves the Anaheim Resort Campus. For those wondering which those are, we can see two of them from right here in the Toy Story parking lot. The Anaheim Hilton and the Anaheim Sherin. Now, these are I mean, if you're in the Toy Story lot right here, I walk to the park all the time from Toy Story, so those aren't even difficult. Uh you could easily make those walk, but they're trying to serve their guests. Those two and two more uh are getting their guests via a shuttle. Here we've got this one is from the Majestic Garden Hotel, which is way over there on the other side of Ball. This is the newest in uh edition. This is the Anaheim Resort campus shuttle. The Hilton Anaheim, Marriott Anaheim, Sheraton and Clarion hotels have come together. This is a new line. This was not here. Definitely that was not here just 3 days ago. These two buses right here are the Grove District Transit buses. You may have heard about this. We talked about this in a previous update. There's at a a consortium of 11 Disneyland sort of, you know, facing hotels, I guess, but they are actually in Garden Grove, not Anaheim. So, this service is connecting 11 different Garden Grove based hotels out here on Harbor Boulevard for the most part that's got a little Disneyland banner through the middle part. There's a third bus. So, the question that we were having is how many buses will they be serving at Toy Story? Will this affect Toy Story Lot's performance? So, there's bus number four and bus number five. So, they've got five buses in the lot now. Boy, I don't I wonder where they got these buses from. Here comes number six. Now, one is leaving. No, still leaves just five here. Now, there are four here. But that is six unique buses at least so far. I don't know how long how long we're going to be able to estimate that because we are losing two. Is that bus 20? I think is I don't know if those are the numbers or not. That's also 20. So we can't use that as an identifier. Uh so two have left. Although I would say it takes probably 25 30 minutes probably for them to make a round trip. A new bus has entered the chat. Hyatt Regency has their own bus coming into the coming into the park as well. I just I wonder how, you know, long the wait is for these. Like this Anaheim Majestic bus has been here now parked for a good 10 minutes at least. Now, when he came in, he was completely full. And that's just for one hotel. So, I have to imagine that they'll stay here for a good 15, 20 minutes and wait for guests to come uh either at the hotel or back here on their way out. Oops, here comes another new one. That's a school bus, ladies and gentlemen. This somebody has That's a school bus. Meanwhile, there's number seven. That's one of those with the Disneyland banner on there. That's number seven. I'm timing this. I'm going to wait out here for about 15 minutes and see how many unique buses I see. That's bus number eight right there. Bus number nine has come in. There's bus number 10. So, then there's bus number 11. So, that's 11. Here comes another one. >> Big fan. >> Hey, thank you. Thank you. Uh, that's number 12. So, that's at least 12 unique buses so far at the Toy Story lot. I have already seen a couple posts people say, you know, shaking their fists >> upset at the backup that they found and they were blaming it on the Toy Story line. I don't see anything like that. I don't we I'm I'm guess at least 20 buses. That was at least 20. And right now I'm seeing 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven buses here right now at 1:45 in the afternoon. Here comes number eight. There are a crap ton of buses for this time in the afternoon. uh you know it's kind of not so busy in the middle of the day, super busy in the morning, super busy at like 5 6:00 and then progressively as the night wears on. That could change in the future. They could figure things out. They could thin things down. They wanted they want to come out strong. Disney wants to come out strong here at the Toy Story parking lot and put on a good show and make sure people are comforted by the fact, and that's what I'm reporting now. I am comforted by what I'm seeing so far here at the Toy Story lot uh and and that bus line. you know, there's still a lot of gaps and there's probably still a dozen or more hotels that have been not represented here. If you're wondering what's going to happen with those hotels, how's it going? Uh, if you're wondering, I would say uh if you already, let's say you've already had a hotel booked, call them up, ask them what do you guys are you guys doing anything? Are you providing any kind of service to get guests into uh into the parks? Uh, if not, what do you recommend? Can you walk? How far is the walk? I would say anything inside of the Toy Story parking lot towards Disneyland is walkable. It's a little over a mile. I think it's not that bad. You know, when you start getting outside of the Toy Story lot on this end, that starts to get to be a pretty good hike. Uh anything on the other side of uh Orangewood, right back in Tomorrowland, and that's a big turnout for Finding Nemo. Well done, Nemo. I guess they're going to get some of that traffic that is supposed to be going to Autotopia. I see guests in there. There's guests in the queue. So, that must not be a permanent condition for Oh, obviously. Hi guys. Uh, it's just so rare to see Autotopia closed. Oh, I hear the cars up running again. The cars are running. I hear them. Be worrying about checking in on that one because obviously it just reopened. But it is very rare. I'm not sure that I've ever seen Hot Auto have a breakdown like where the whole track goes down. What could poss God God that really actually stretches the mind a little bit? What could possibly have happened for them to close the entire ride? It's not like cuz they're all indiv, you know what I mean? They're not connected in any way. There's no track. They're not, you know, we power them. They they It's not like they could all run out of gas at the same time. Even if one even there's a problem in one lane, they can still keep the other three lanes going if they chose. So something really diabolical happened there. Which brings us to Space Mountain and I'm looking at an 85 minute standby. 85 minutes. That means the back of the queue should be outside the door. It should be out into that out into the platform out there if it's 85 minutes unless there's a sick looking lightning lane queue which I've seen recently. It's gotten bad at times. Uh Space Mountain's very popular. I wonder, I guess maybe that's, you know, as the sun goes down, as the temperatures cool off, which it has, this attraction becomes more popular and Space Mountain or uh uh Tiana's Bio Adventure becomes less popular. I bet you Tiana's right now is probably in the 60-minute range. It looks like I was right on both accounts on my expectations. Cycl queue here at Lightning Lane. You don't like to see people posted and waiting there. I've seen it out here, which is, you know, worse, but that's not good either. But yeah, there you go. They're in those two switchbacks. Oh my god. They're in those two outer switchbacks. Plus, they're out here now. They're cooking in the sun. They're out man. I I can't remember the last time I've seen the queue out here in these switch in these chains right here. And that I've seen that, but not out here. And I've seen it out here, but not that. That is sick. This is the truest 90minute queue you're going to see here cuz like I said that door is 60 minutes. So you're looking at a half an hour out here in this extended extended queue extended outdoor queue. I honestly cannot think of a scenario where I would get into that queue. I mean, maybe if it were the last day of uh my trip and I'm not coming back for a year and this is the only thing that we haven't done yet. Maybe. But, you know, and I'm my plane is taking off in 3 hours, you know, I mean, then then I'm going to spend an hour in that queue, hour and a half, and hope I make it to the airport in time. But otherwise, even if you're here for the rest of the day, come back later. Come back, you know, later tonight. Just I just can't imagine getting in that queue. What about single rider? No bargain. One, two, three switchbacks there. That's probably cuz they do them in batches of let's say maybe I don't know 10 or so, right? So every few minutes, every 3 or 4 minutes, they might send 10. So one, two, three, four. There's maybe four groups of 10 there. Maybe 50 guests, right? So, five groups at like four minutes each. That's 20 minutes out there at least. By the way, I forgot to confirm. Tiana's Bayou Adventure is 90 minutes still. It is still the busiest attraction in the park today. I guess it is still hot. I mean, it's What time is it now? Man, we're late in the day. It is now 3:07. Uh, still still hot enough. The sun's still pretty high. So, uh, it's still a good good idea to get on Tiana's, I guess. 30 minutes. It's 90 minutes. 90. Giannis is 90. 85. Oh, you remember what? Remember remember when we saw Star Tours? Oh, I got to see. I said there's no way. What in the world could be happening where Star Tours is 70 minutes? That's like a time travel thing back to the 80s. I mean, that doesn't look too bad right there. They're in the tension, which is not good. But, I mean, you think this would all be full out here. It must have been They were down a shuttle. Yeah. And now they're half that almost. It's 45. Still not great, but better than 70. I don't know if I would get into a 45minute queue for Star Tours. >> No thank you. Uh Buzz Lightyear 30 minutes. Luckily, there's no action here in Lightning Lane, so you got that going for you. But the standby here does look a little sticky. 30 minutes for Astro Orbiter. Also, that's one of the longer cues you'll see here. No, this is not bad at all. Buzz is not bad at all. They're not even using that extra those extra ropes down there. Oh, while we make our way from Tomorrowland, over to our last stop, Frontier Land. One more plug for the day. Have you guys seen how much content we're making for memberships and Patreon right now? Uh they're the same so far. I' I've been, you know, contemplating whether or not I want to modify that at all. But so far, uh if you're we're putting a bunch of extra content on Patreon, a lot of stuff from home, a lot of little side projects. Uh the next two coming up are our trip to Gatorland >> with uh you know, in Florida and then our we had a evening at Disney Springs. getting dinner with friends at the boat house and then we went on a little adventure to get some beignes at the French Quarter. >> Had an amazing time. Those videos are coming soon if not already. But a lot of stuff like that and again those are it's the same for memberships and Patreon depending on whichever one you want to join. Uh it's the same content. I hope you guys give that a look. Lots more stuff coming. got a lot of ideas that we're working on. For those of you who are ready to support FreshBaked through memberships or Patreon, there's a for Patreon. Membership should be pretty obvious. There's a little join button. Join easy. >> Wow. >> And that brings us Did you guys hear how loud the Mary Poppins guy was? I love that song, by the way. I have such a crush on Mary Poppins. I'm not afraid to say. But we have arrived at Frontier Land. And of course, this is about what I would have expected. Big Thunder is packed back there. They're using about 80% of that queue, the extended queue, but a 45minute posted. Not bad at all. This is a very manageable queue, guys. The threshold right here is like 20 minutes. 20 25 minutes. If you can get to that threshold there and 20 and you know, you're going to spend maybe seven or eight minutes on that. You know, that's not even that bad at all, guys. No, that's a go. That's a go right now. Look at the these two switchbacks are not even being used. Thank you. It's just that stuff in the back. Yeah, man. That's a go. That's You know, they can't It's surprising they can't really fit that many guests in the proper queue here at Big Thunder. They just can't fit that many in there. So, they're almost always out there even though it's a a standard 35 to 45 minute wait. And there you go, guys. We made it. We did it. We've completed our grand tour around Disneyland. Our state of Disneyland report. >> Hi. Hey, thank you. Hi. Hi. >> Uh the state being that it's expensive, but they're trying to make it better. They're trying to make it at least worth it. >> Hope you guys enjoyed the show today. Thank you very much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake.
