---
video_id: cwSq5OuaRV8
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Wait til you see what they did at Coco site! | Disneyland Construction 2026-03-13"
published: 2026-03-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwSq5OuaRV8
---
It's probably the biggest move we've seen since the beginning of the Coco project, and it changes our views of everything. Plus, we've got new scrims up on Main Street. And what are these guys doing on Space Mountain? It's another exciting week of construction at Disneyland. So, let's get going at the corner of Catella and Disneyland Drive. Well, we'll stop real quick to see that they're still digging. Well, actually, there's no digger there now, but you can see there's still an open hole back there on that space they've been working on backstage behind Raider Springs Racers. I'm not sure what this is for, but it's just something I notice every time I walk down Disneyland Drive. And then I've also noticed uh this guy here at the corner of Disneyland Drive. You can tell it's still mending the fences, the new fence they've built, the chain link fence. They're still mending that fence, putting it together. I'm awaiting a scrim to be installed on this at some point as well. Now, while there may not be any action on that side of the street on Catella, wait till you see what we got to show you what's happening over here on Disneyland Drive. It's incredible the transformation that has happened here in just the last week. I was really not prepared for the site that was too and right now here it looks kind of normal almost it looks kind of normal but as we start to focus in a little bit and then fade left you'll look at the view we can see clearly all the way through basically to the Pixar palarant everything behind those that front row of trees has been removed look at that look it there's not a single tree left back there that I can tell maybe maybe there is one or two along that along that that scrim back there in the back. But they have cleared everything behind that spot. Everything. I think it's almost impossible to tell actually now that I look at it. That's the uh that's the intersection of Downtown Drive and Disneyland Drive. That's the that's where the vehicles, you know, the entrance was to backstage. You can barely tell now where that situation ended. You know, where was the trees? The It's no longer a mystery which trees they're going to take. We're going to show you in a better look here, but I mean it's just no trees at all. They took everything from this stretch. They took everything there and I think they're on their way to taking what's left on that stretch because you can see I was watching these uh you know in previous episodes the the leafless sort of naked trees there. Although actually they do have some leaves now. I noticed that they were missing from this stretch which they are. Uh but that was last week. So I think there is still a likelihood that they're going to take the rest of those trees as well. I I can't get over it. walking across the street here and it's just gone. It's gone. Wow. Here comes Coco. Okay, I gotta stop. I'm getting ahead of myself. We got to get up to the Pixar Place Hotel. Well, not quite everything. So, they the landscaping is still present, although I expect Well, gosh, I don't know, man. I would think that eventually that has got to go. Lots of crew back there. They're they're basically they're exporting all of that downed trees. All the that's that pile there is all the all the trees they've taken down. But just I mean every single tree it was not an issue as best as I can tell. You know the old the flagging of the trees was not an issue of which trees stay which tree goes. They're all they all went. That was more a question uh as we surmised back in the day that um just marking which trees were around which utilities they were utility markings as opposed to preserving or not. Uh the palm trees there are still a few palm trees there. I I expect those to go and as I mentioned before those you know uh trees right there along Disneyland drive I I would expect maybe those to go as well. But anything out Well, maybe anything outside the fence perhaps is staying. That might be a logical assumption as well. Let's go back. It could be the case. Yeah. That maybe except for Yeah, maybe anything outside the fence, the new fence is staying. We've got action down here on the ground where they're still trenching there. It looks like still digging the foundation, you know, the the the form the concrete forms are done. So, I'm not sure what they're doing there. Could just be for Well, gosh, I don't know. That's a kind of a mystery. I'm wondering, too, if they're going to if next week we're going to start seeing them tear up that concrete, the black top. But isn't that cool that we can now just see that we can see that the that fence that separates that off, you know, offstage area and the backstage area. We can now see that fence. And perhaps more importantly, we can see directly into this is the view that we have or that's what we're looking at when we look at the at the from the Pixar Palaround and we're looking down. Those are the three buildings. One, two, and three. Those are the three buildings in play for Coco. And we can see that area very clearly now. And I I don't have a frame reverse, so I don't know if this is any cleaner, any less, you know, if they put any if they started packing stuff up back there or not. We'll have to still look from the Pixel Pelon. Let's take a look in there. Oh, yeah. That looks like there's still quite a bit of stuff in there. Not sure what this what. Again, we have never seen inside there before. So, I don't have any sort of reference if that's fuller or less full than we've seen in the past. But going forward, we'll have a pretty good view from here of what's happening in that backstage area. Which of those buildings are going, one, two, or three? And you know what? How much of that stuff back there? Maybe they're going to clear out those trees back there. probably. And then there's a look at what we've been seeing from the corner of Catella and Disney Drive. No, no action there. It's just the fence. And it does look like that's a gate now. It's so The view here is just so incredibly better than it was before. We couldn't hardly see anything before. Now we've got a perfectly wonderful view. What is next? I don't know. But this is just this is perhaps the best progress report we've had on this situ. I thought the fence was key. No, man. Just being able to see all this now. That's the key. That's That's the biggest update we've had from the Coco backstage area since this project began. Just so giddy now with expectation about what's going to happen next there at the Coco. I mean, it's finally on. What is it? It's It's March now. They said they said things were going to start in fall. Well, I guess they did start, you know, with the whole tree thing, but um that didn't happen until this year. Anyway, we're we're we're behind schedule. What? No matter how you look at it, but hopefully this is the sign. I just I'm I'm just like excited to see you guys. You don't know how close we are to actually building this thing now at this point. We still got more demo to go and that's going to be exciting. But uh the actual building of this attraction is for all intents and purposes right around the corner. Let me take this opportunity fresh bake to remind you guys of our favorite travel affiliate getaway today. They are our preferred travel affiliate. If you're looking to make plans for Disneyland, if you like what you're seeing here in the park right now, if you like seeing all these updates, you want to be here for when those updates are done and the park looks beautiful, contact Getaway Today. There's a . use that link or let them know that we sent you and you're going to get taken care of. Get away today are the nicest, most knowledgeable bunch of f folks that I have ever met when it comes to making helping you improve your planning for Disneyland. Use that . Tell them we sent you. And I hope you guys have a great trip. Bye guys. With that, let's head back out to the other side of the park, the other side of the streets around Disneyland to to update you on what's happening on Harbor Boulevard. We've got an ongoing project and one that is wrapping up. This is the ongoing project, which is still a bit of a mystery to me. Uh, every time I walk through here, I'm just I I don't know. I'm not positive what they're working on. They're digging. Well, they they finished digging a couple weeks ago and now they're they're filling and they have been filling, but it's not it's not clear to me what it is. You can see all the um I don't know if those are trench boxes. Those could be trench boxes in there through the scrim. Uh, but they're definitely still it's still an ongoing project. Meanwhile, on the other side of the street, the the the guest the guest path has been closed for weeks. It's now open again. We walked through there. It's very nice. I prefer taking this path when I walk in and out of the park. What is that guy doing? That's a That looks like a uh excavator out there on the old uh you know, that's the old driveway to come into the park. the the the classic vintage driveway that used to take when you when we parked where DCA is. They've got a excavator out there for some reason. Uh wonder what they're doing. That's interesting. Uh so the Ballard work is done. Whatever it is that they were working on here, if it was just for the Ballards, I'm not sure. But that project is complete. The the project on Harbor Boulevard and Disney is complete. Concrete is down. The all the paths are open. Uh the the little map uh element is back on the ground again. The ballards have their finishing sort of thematic touches on there and everything is done. I'm still like completely mystified by what the purposes of those three ballards are. There are no cars, no cars will ever penetrate that space. I promise you. Uh if they were coming from the other direction, they would run into those ballards first before they'd ever hit the back three. And there are no cars coming in from where those guests are walking. No cars. The only the only traffic on that side is inbound, which again would would would interact with the other ballards. So I guess that pretty much wraps up that job that that project out there. Not the whole thing. They're still they're still working on electricity and stuff out there on Harbor Boulevard and Disney Way. Uh but that little, you know, the the actual intersection, that job is pretty much done, I think, on both sides of the street. And while you know I just might mention I'm still fascinated by the purpose of those ballards, those rear ballards, those three rear ballards protecting people from nothing really. Uh I do I I have my answer to that question in so much as there are already over here at the you know the the crosswalk where the hotels are uh the main the main entrance I guess from Harbor Boulevard. There are bulge there on both sides of the street as well. And they are also equally confusing. Uh, you know, they're there in a heavily trafficked area, but again, there's there's ballers in the in the rear that really don't would never interact with a vehicle, but there they go. They're they're there. So, this is not my my confusion was I thought maybe they had other plans. I thought maybe there was going to be a future plan for vehicles to be traveling in some other direction in the future Disneyland forward style, but I don't think that's the case. I think that they're just putting in, you know, just like everybody kept telling me, David, it's just safety polers. I know, I I get it, but it just seemed it seemed unnecessary and redundant to have those there. But I guess that has always been the play. Now, I will say though, one observation we can make is that one of the reasons why those ballers exist here at that intersection is because it's a very heavily trafficked intersection. Lots of guests across the street, lots and lots of guests across the street there. And there's lots of vehicle traffic. They're installing them over there where previously there were some guests and some vehicle traffic, but nowhere near the amount of guests here at the, you know, the shuttle drop off entrance. It's an influencer. Look. >> Hi guys. Good morning. Uh so one thing we can perhaps infer from the fact that they are installing ballards out there is that they do expect more foot traffic and more vehicles. Now that could be part of the Eastern Gateway project. They're building that right here across the way. And one of the um parts of that project is this the drop off area here, the Uber drop off. and you know pickup and whatever that's also moving to the eastern gateway and and if you've seen the concept art they're showing a lot of guests walking in from Harbor Boulevard into uh into this back or into the uh what is now the transportation hub where we're walking now is going to be completely modified completely updated to for some other you know use as we've just been talking about they're going to be putting in the bridge right here the pedestrian bridge right there that's going to be coming across the street they're expecting that a lot more guests that that way and a lot more guests coming in this way. Uh for some reason, stay tuned. Let's go to Disneyland. Yeah, I've really been enjoying these these I mean, it's not a lot of work here on Main Street or at Disneyland. Uh but it's it's been interesting stuff, especially as we've been watching here, the the updates to the Main Street facads here on the shops on Main Street. And good news for those of you who didn't appreciate the plain looking brown scrims, they have in fact uh updated them to show the new sort of themed appropriate scrims. Now, this is not uncommon for them to first put up the brown ones and then bring in the themed ones. Now, I've seen this happen before, and I was going to mention it last week, but I wasn't positive that they would do it this week. I thought maybe it was going to be a short-term job, but it is a long-term job. long-term enough that they bring in the themed scrims. So, it actually looks you can almost not tell when you walk up Main Street and you look to the uh to the Carnation Cafe on the left. It it almost looks right. It almost looks like oh, it's not there after all. I thought it was, you know, it looks very realistic from this perspective anyway. But then as you get into the more 2D view of things, uh, it looks a little less realistic, but still better than the brown scrims. Uh, only thing I can update you on this week is that there is definite whooping and hollering back there. You can hear it. And a reminder, of course, that uh, while the scrims and construction walls are up, the shops, all the shops are open. This is the Penny Arcade. Penny Arcade is still busy as heck, so I'm sure it'll become obvious to you when you get to the street, but don't worry about that. All the shops are still open and they're still lovely as ever inside. We'll go around the corner to check on the Jungle Cruise. Scrim and Scaffold are still up, of course. Still no known date for its reopening, but things look about as they were. There's definite work going on back there. I can see them working, but it's hard to get the camera into where they are working, so all we can really see. They do a great job of obscuring things. I guess that's what I'm going to say. They really do a good job of hiding things, but there's a lot of boats stacked up on the river, but the river is still full of water. They haven't drained the river yet. Uh, and I'm not sure if they will. We'll see. Uh, but the Jungle Cruise, yeah, Jungle Cruise is still closed. No known date yet. We'll head over to Indiana Jones next to get the latest on what what's going on here with that with the exit queue for Indiana Jones and Jungle Cruise on the left. Still scrum scaffold there. This is going to be a long project, I think, because they're replacing that water tower back there. Taking a peek over here. Still see the same plywood that we saw down there. Still hoping for an update on that scene, but I'm uh uh you know, I'm kind of 50/50 on it right now. Uh but we can't see I I have not seen any visible work being done. I have not seen anybody up there. I have not seen any crew. I have not seen anybody actually working on that uh on that water tower. Here's a view from Adventureland Treehouse. And that looks pretty much as we left it last week as well. Uh again, we're not I haven't seen anybody doing anything, which tells me that the the time frame for this could be a little while. And I think that there are more than one jobs that need to be done here. As I understand it, the little, you know, you guys know the misting scene in Jungle Cruise that happens right around this spot. That's a little wonky also. I think they have to fix that misting scene as well. And then we've got another view from a little bit further on the treehouse. And um I was hoping to see, you know, maybe a different perspective of things. And perhaps when they do start working, that will be the case. Stay tuned. We >> did it again. Port Royale Curios. It's closed again. >> I want to say what last fall before, no before that even last summer they closed it. They turned it into a seating area and then just before the Halloween season hit, they closed it again and turned it back into Port Royale Curious Gift Shop. And now today it's closed again presumably because they want to bring the seating area back. Best I could tell that's the exact reason is that they're they're turning into a seating area off season and then on season Halloween Christmas they they make it uh a nightmare gift shop again. Seems like a lot of effort. I don't know. Stay tuned. Let's get downstairs. Let's go to Fantasy Land Theater. Bluey, he's almost here. They've got the signs up. Bluey the the best day ever. Boy, what a what a smashing clever line or name of a show. The Bluey best day ever. They have meetings for this, right? Don't they? They have meetings. They try to come up with Anyway, they're still working on uh putting things together here. Bluey is going to be here pretty soon. It's a springtime thing, so we're still waiting for that. I can hear a little bit of whooping and hollering back there, but there's not a lot to see. They they've got the barricades up far enough away that I can't peek at all. They really do not want me to look. Uh I like this little paint theme though that they're doing here. That's fun. That's probably just a veneer that they put around the thing, but I like that. That's pretty cute. Hopefully they get there's it's more detailed and more involved than uh the name best day ever is leading us to believe. Let's go to the Matter Horn or across the street from the Matter Horn. There goes the monor rail where uh the construction walls are still up. They're still working on that concrete area to the right of Idol Vice and uh we're waiting for them to finish that. It's still it is still open. Uh I I wasn't able to get on the Montreal on this day, but I can tell you that um they are definitely still in that tearing up the concrete phase. Meanwhile, that seating area that the old uh motorboat cruise lo Well, no, that wasn't Motorboat Cruise. That was Gummy Glenn and something else. Gummy Glenn uh loading area that's still under scrim and scaffold. Uh no clue what they're doing back there. Last week we reported the Montreal was closed. This week the Montreal is back open. By the way, we just saw the Montreal over there by the Matter Horn. But yeah, you the Matter Horn is back open. Now, let's take a quick jump over to Space Mountain, which was kind this this took me by surprise when I showed up here the other day. Uh they were gone already on this afternoon, but uh what were these guys doing up there? I've never seen when the attraction is open. I've never seen construction crew up there. I don't know if they were painting. No, that's not paint. I don't think they're painting because they just did a paint job not long ago. I don't know if they were doing just uh I Well, I don't know. Lighting effects perhaps, but I've only ever seen crew up there when the attraction was closed and under some kind of reverb. So, that's interesting. If anybody has any intel on that, I would love to hear about it. With that, we'll go to Downtown Disney to see the latest on Earl. All the scrim and all the scaffold are down. This is not a a wind thing. It's done. The scrim and scaffold is done at Earl Sandwich. It's very close to looking like a real building, you guys. Very, very close. Uh it's I I mean, like I said, I was expecting maybe summer is what I'm thinking. I'm thinking June or July. They're they're So, all they have to do now is put on the fixtures. I didn't notice this last week, but they remember that Gordon Ramsay sign was up there last week. They took it down. So, obviously, they put the sign up so they could take that picture. It's down, but it looks like they're about ready to stall that again. So, they're just they just got to they just got to, you know, flush it out inside and start making sandwiches. It won't be long. It won't be long before Gordon Ramsay's out there telling everybody to to shut it down. Uh, and that your beef Wellington is raw. The walkway to downtown or to the Espanade is still closed. Well, I should say they're redirecting traffic. Scrimmit scaffolder back up at the old Earl of Sandwich construction site or the new Porto's construction site. So, it's sort of killing all of our views again once more. Let's hope for another windy day, I guess. Uh, but those those walls and scrim are doing a pretty good job of things. Can't see anything no matter where I stand. It looks pretty We're not going to be able to tell anything until they start going vertical. You can see they I tried to peek through, but they they've doubled up the grain scrim there. They've doubled it up. So, even if there is a gap, you can't really see through it still, but well, at least not with the camera. Uh, but I could see with my eyes. So, they're doing a pretty good job obviously of covering up the view here. The scrims were down last week. They're back up again today. I tried this my best, but they've double layered those scrims, so can't really see through there. But what I can what I can see with my eyes is that they're still trenching back there. They've got the trench boxes in place. So, there's still active work or there is active work being done in those trench zones most likely to add water etc uh to the foundation and to the you know the ground uh the below grade stuff that they're doing there at the future site. Let's take this tour over to DCA uh in the Pixar Palaround to see what we can find at the Coco site and at the Avengers Infinity defense site. Actually, we're going to look first at the lack of trees. You can actually see through that space right there. Okay, so there's the Coco site. Uh th this we have this same view now from the Pixar Place Hotel pretty much. But from see where those trees are, those are those trees that we were spotting from the Pixar Place Hotel. That's the gap right there in between those two buildings is the gap where we can see although it doesn't look like anything is going on there yet still. But now that we've got I think we're I think we are inching closer to some sort of action there. Can't wait until we see some demo crews uh on site to see which of those buildings are going to make it and which aren't. Avengers Infinity Defense. I mean, I'm looking I there's it's difficult to everything is just the the only thing I can say is it looks like things they've built out more here on the forward part of the white trust system. It looks like it's sticking out there a little bit. Uh we're going to get another look at that from the ground. Nothing to report from the Cozy Cone's restroom situation. There it is. Okay. So, it looks like they've built out a little bit more in that forward that forward section that kind of sticks out. And then one last look. There you go. Look at that, guys. We can see Disneyland Drive. Now, those trees are gone. That was just full trees. So many trees were there before and now they're just gone. You can even see through the Incredic Coaster Track that that's that space where the the backstage area access was, you know, cars would come in from that spot. Fascinating developments. I can't wait to see what's happening uh in the in the coming weeks there. We did stop at the Desert Palms Motel to check out the view from there. Uh the backside of Avengers Infinity Defense. There isn't much, but there was a lot of whooping and hollering back there back in DC. That's emotional whirlwind still closed. There's no scrimmage scaffold, but still closed. And I have a I have a feeling cuz they had, as I mentioned in previous weeks, they had just finished a month-long refurb. It was open for about a month and then they closed it again. I have a feeling they don't know what's wrong. I have a feeling sometimes, you know how it is when you fix a thing and you wind up breaking it. I think that's kind of what happened here. They they did something to improve the guest experience in some way and it wound up backfiring or triggering another issue that they weren't prepared for. Uh and that sometimes happens in construction. So, but I don't think that I think they're still trying to work out what's going on. An emotional emotional whirlwind. Meanwhile, uh situation the same at jumping jellyfish. One side, the right side is still under scrim and scaffold. And that does suggest that they are working on the entire uh structure there, but the other side is still open. So, you I mean, and that's kind of typical for jumping jellyfish. It's it was often the case where one side was working and the other side wasn't. So, it's not it's more or less the same level of service. Golden Zephr next door down, closed. Uh construction walls are up, not available, but I we don't know what they're doing here. They haven't said anything publicly. There's no permits that I'm aware of about what it is that they're working on. Grizzly Riverrun, the they've taken down the scrimmage sculpt back here, but the the the wheel is still not operating. There are boats in the water, though. So, they put a they put enough water into the river in order to uh bring some boats out for testing, I guess. But there's still not enough water to do that testing. But that does suggest that they're pretty much done with I would assume at least most of what they're working on. uh as we approach the the return to the station and the geysers. I to this day we have not seen a single sign of of there being any kind of work happening on either of the three geysers. So, um I'm hoping for the best. I guess we can report that the scrim or the scaffolding that was up here on the drop last week has been removed as well. So, it does look like we're on the home stretch. Even though we don't have a date, we're on the home stretch for this thing being done. They just got to get water in there and do some testing. We're going to go to Avengers Campus next. This guy I heard working. I wasn't quite sure what he was doing. It was a very incessant sound that he was making, but it I determined that it was a drill of some kind. And he was just he was just drilling the heck out of whatever it was. But that's the restrooms that they're building that they're working on. Those are just on the other side of uh Doctor Strange. You know, that makes me I know we talked about this before, but let's just reflect on that as we walk up these steps. I wonder if they closed the Doctor Strange show just so they could build those bathrooms. Do you think they'll bring back Doctor Strange when they're done with the bathrooms? I hope so. All right, here's that look of Avengers uh Infinity Defense. And uh yeah, I've got nothing to report here. I can't see I can't tell what's happening. I cannot tell of anything new. I mean, obviously each week it does look a little fuller in there. We can't see at the back end anymore. I don't know if you can tell that, but there the the the back side is closed off. It's so there's no light coming from that side is what I'm saying. Which means that they have completely sealed off there. We saw some guys down there. You can't really see. I could see it with my eyes. There's guys down there through that steel. But there's that section that I was talking about. I feel like that that wasn't as full last week. That section that we're looking at there to the, you know, it's in the middle of the frame. Uh I feel like they've grown that out a little bit more to the right. Here's an exciting development. They they're done. the the seating area out there across from Mission Breakout is done. People are sitting. There are tables and chairs. This is a fantastic development. One of the more exciting things that I've seen come through Avengers Campus in quite some time. Uh yeah, they've got there's got 35 40 tables back there. Most of it in some kind of shade. Uh you know, between the the columns and that that one structure out there in the front and then the and the actual umbrellas. Uh, so they've added, you know, you could seat 80, 100 people down there now. Uh, which is just an incredible improvement and, uh, an incredible upgrade to what was basically nothing. That space was nothing for years. So, I'm really happy that they uh, did include that at Avengers Campus. They needed those spots. They needed those seats. They needed shady seats here bad. All right, let's check in on that reverb calendar. We'll start at Disneyland. Jungle Cruise, as mentioned, is still closed. Still no date known for its reopening. It's going to take a while. I think I remember uh hearing through the grapevine that we might be looking at April sometime in April. We'll stand by. Uh the milk stand is closing for a few days. Closing on March, this is in Galaxy's Edge, by the way. Uh Galaxy's Edge milk stand closing on March 23rd. Reopening on March 28th. Roger Rabbits is closing on March 30th. No known date for that reopening as of yet. Uh, the Montreal is closing on March. Wait a second. Was there Maybe it was just closed. I thought it was already closed and gone through its refer, but no, this is a different I I think I'm I confused that it was just closed because it was closed because for some other reason, but is closing on March 30th, reopening. I don't know when. And then Buzz Lightyear is closing on April 13th. Also, no known date for that. Meanwhile, we still don't have a date for Grizzly Riverrun at DCA, even though it looks like, I'm telling you, this is a Big Thunder type situation. It looks like they're on the home stretch. Uh they're putting water in the river. There's no visible work being done anywhere. So, I think we are on the home stretch. Emotional whirlwind. Uh they it Well, okay. So, it says I'm looking at the reverb calendar here on Theme Park IQ and it says it's closed, but that it's reopening today. I guess we'll find out on Monday. Golden Zephyr is closing on Mar or closed on March 9th, reopening on March 18th. and Toy Story Midway Mania closing on March or April 6th. Uh no known date on that one as of yet. We'll talk about some of the our theories about why it's closing when uh that closure actually happens in April. And that is our show this week, guys. Thank you very much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bait.
