---
video_id: zaciy_uzU4A
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Animal Kingdom AND Magic Kingdom!?"
published: 2026-04-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaciy_uzU4A
---
Erikson family vacation day two part two Animal Kingdom. Let's go see some bats. >> Bats. >> Bats. Bats. Now, we're expecting a light schedule here today at Animal Kingdom. You are going to see though some gorillas. We're I'm pretty darn sure we're going to see some gorillas. Definitely going to see some bats. We're going to be doing a little Incanto recon. They've gone vertical incredibly. So, uh we will be seeing the Zootopia better together show. Rain reviews for Zootopia. Can't wait to check that out. And then we're going to do some recon. We're going to take a shot at the Kilamanjaro Safaris and see some wild animals out there. It's going to be a heck of an afternoon here at Animal Kingdom. >> Park 2, Tuesday morning, tram 2. Is there room for us? >> Dinosaur 220. Dinosaur 220. Dinosaur 220. First off, park closes tonight at 8:00. Trams will continue to run for up to 90 minutes after the park closes. Drop you off to be the same location where we'll pick you up later on today. It's going to be so busy today. There's a queue to look at the flamingos. >> Uh, that was just Pluto. I was kidding. So, we're going to be uh taking it easy today, I think. Mostly trails. Mostly I was just looking at the app. It's 9:00 a.m. We got here 9:00 a.m. >> 9:15. Do not come to Animal Kingdom late, okay? Everybody rope drops Animal Kingdom. Everybody. We're here at 9:15. It's 2-hour wait already for Flight of Passage. Just an hour for Na'vi River Journey. >> Africa. >> So, uh, of course, did you guys hear that? >> Oh, what's the >> We're going to Africa. >> We're going to Africa. >> We will when we get to but not right away. >> We'll just do a little light flamingo scouting on our way. >> Oh, they're so cute. >> Oh, sorry. >> Duck. >> Ducky. >> Duck, you're you're not a flamingo. >> There's an iv. He's going to get stepped on and beat up. That duck is. You are not welcome in Flamingo Town. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. >> He wants to go somewhere. >> I don't know. Going to take a look at some tamarind first. Some thirsty tamarind. Oh, I think they're a cup. Look at the size of that tail. No. Whenever one guy does something, the other guy does it. So now they're drink Oh. Oh. Water. >> Let me get from the top. Uh. Wow. That's cool. >> How'd you get up there? What? What? What are you doing? >> How'd you do that? >> Oh, there's another one. What are you guys doing? What are you guys doing? Are you drinking? Are you drinking? >> Oh, I'm itchy. I'm itchy and thirsty. Itchy, thirsty. These guys won't share. These guys won't share. Oh, there we go. There we go. That's good stuff. I Okay, I'm done. Perched. >> You want to come? >> Oh. Oh, wow. >> This is spider monkey. >> I was about to >> I thought he was practically flying that guy. >> Well, I didn't take a lot of stuff, but hi. Oh, there's four of them. Another guy showed up. >> Hi. >> He heard a ruckus. Came to check it out. >> Everybody, we're going to cross the road right over here. >> Oh. Oh. >> Hello. Hello. Hello. >> Carl. >> Hi, Carl. >> Carl. I know Carl. Uh, my favorite part of Animal Kingdom are the bridges. >> I do. Hey, did they drain this one, too? >> Yeah, they do. >> My gosh. >> I couldn't even film the mode at Magic Kingdom yesterday cuz it was drained. This is looking pretty sad right now, too. That's for Lion King, I think. Is that Lion King? Oh, no. That's the safari. That's Kilamanjaro safari. Are you kidding me? Wow, what a morning it started out to be already. >> Busy I've ever seen. >> I've never seen it this busy. >> The family vacation part of me is saying stay away from Kilimanjaro Safaris for an hour at least. But the recon brain is saying get in that queue and find out how long it really takes. >> Gorilla Falls. It is. It's going to be a trail day today so far. It seems like uh >> Sophia has volunteered to be our guide. >> No, I'm a princess. >> The princess guide? >> Yes. I >> think I've never seen a queue form up to go on a trail though. Man, this is wild. >> I hope you guys can hear her. >> She's like, "Good morning, you guys." That's the monkey. I've never seen the monkeys on this first little exhibit or whatever. >> Uhhuh. >> Every time I come through, they're never here. >> But check on the okapi. >> Oh, wait. Yeah. What is that guy over there on the left? >> By the fence. >> Is that with that other guy? >> The rock is just kidding. >> I have a copy. >> You have a good name. And then they had a great sleep because you you asked >> the back. >> Yellow guy. Whoa. There's lots of yellow guys in here. >> They're so cute. >> I know. There's yellow guys all over. It's a what? Which one? >> That one. >> The the taba golden weaver. >> Yeah. >> Well observed, Sophia, >> do you see the fishy? Is Are is there any fish on there or is it just birds? Oh, but you got fish. >> Mommy. >> Yeah. >> Fishy. >> What's that guy right there? >> I don't know. >> Sophia, identify that bird for me. >> Might be a spoon bell. >> Flip it. >> This one. >> Flip it. >> Well, he's not there either. No, >> he's right here. >> That doesn't look like him, though. He's just white. He's not on our list. He's a rogue. Oh, >> blue thing. >> What is your name, sir? You look like a platypus. >> You have a platypus. Bill, >> what are you looking at? Looks like he's hunting. Are you going to go get something? Are you going to go get it? By the way, never in my life have I seen this trail this busy. >> This is incredible. I cannot believe how nuts this is. And my wife has found that spoon bill that I was trying to identify before. >> He's stalkery. He's very stalkery. >> Oh. Oh. But he he Yeah, man. He he fakes it like he's going to do something and then he doesn't. All right, guys. Come on. >> You want to see a zebra? >> Look. Wait. Sophie, look straight ahead out there. >> Do you see the zebra? >> I see it. >> You saw And uh confirm one zebra. >> I think they just said the gorillas are around the corner. >> Yeah, I love this bridge. Oh, there they are. >> Well, where Oh, there they are. I see them. >> I don't see the tail, so I think it's >> Oh. Oh, they're dancing. >> Are they fighting or hugging? They're dancing, fighting, and hugging or just being >> They have to be They have to be siblings. >> They have to be. Maybe they're brothers. >> Yeah. Oh my gosh, this is so cute. Oh, there's another one up there. >> There's four of them. >> Yep. >> Liz is looking at birds. >> Sorry. >> But there's two gorillas just chomping on some branches up here. What do you think they're talking about? >> Right. Like, do they like talk to each other like telepathically? >> Well, they must they're hanging out together. They must be doing something. >> You have her little power >> saying it's a lovely day. >> It's a lovely day. This branch is delicious. Wish I had some hot sauce. And then you got this guy who's lying on his back getting a suntan or something, >> eating a branch, scratching his belly. Oh my goodness. >> Oh. Oh. Oh my gosh. I'm gonna get up. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> He's like, "What? >> I heard you disturbing me." >> Wow. >> He's really cool. >> Very chill, that guy. >> Yeah. >> So, they they climbed down a little bit. The guys on the other side, the kids. >> Yes. >> They I didn't know that they did that. kind of made his way down there. You can get all the way down to the water, I bet. There's little steps down there. See that? Uh oh. They're trading places. I'm going to keep that branch. There we go. Put that branch on my head. Now I'm set. No. There you go. Fix that. A little branch adjustment. >> He's taking that branch. >> That's one right there. >> You already saw these ones. >> All right. So, he's got his branch. >> The other guy. This guy doesn't have a branch, though. He needs a new branch. >> What are you gonna do, buddy? >> That is the most stoic gorilla I've ever seen. >> Oh, you're welcome. >> Are you an Africa princess or a jungle princess? >> I'm a jungle princess. >> You're a jungle princess? >> I'm a jungle gorilla. >> Bye, gorillas. And that's my bed. And it's leaf. Oh, sorry. >> You got another leaf. >> And I think that's it. >> That was great. Daddy has it. >> You don't want it? >> All right. This is my new tradition is going through this little secret path I found because I love bridges and streams and secret places to sit and eat. I mean, look at that path, you guys. Seriously, I've never seen Animal Kingdom this busy. I've seen long cues at Forbidden uh or ride of flight of passage, whatever. Yeah, flight of passage. I've seen long cues there. I've seen long cues at uh Na'vi River Journey, but I've never seen this. I'm >> looking forward to that. or what we saw over there at uh Kilamanjaro Surprise in Africa. There's a queue for feathered friends in flight. My goodness, that's usually empty. >> Crossing our fingers for some bats. >> Wife has never seen the bats. Have you ever seen a bat? No, you have >> I've only shown her the bats in a video, but they are often sleeping. >> Okay. >> They're often sleeping. So, >> are they in the >> And they don't sleep. They don't sleep on stage. They sleep backstage. >> He is enjoying the sun. >> Come on, bro. We found one >> there up top there. >> Is he eating right now? >> I think so. Oh my god, he's so cute. >> Wow. Is that a That looks like lettuce >> and water. Lettuce and water. >> Oh my god, they're so cute. Look at those wings. >> They're very active today. >> Okay, >> Barry and Jerry. I'm surprised that they're uh this active outside. Yeah, it is getting stormy. >> So, I've been advised that when it's bedtime >> Yeah. >> they go backstage there. Oh, >> okay. >> They go through those little gates right there and they sleep in there. So, they they don't sleep in the trees. >> Oh, yeah. They're Yeah. >> So, I love that so much. I really do. They're like one of my favorite creatures. >> Yeah, there uh there's often a lot more than that, too. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. But we got we got pretty good. We did pretty well. >> We saw three bats. So far so good today. Uh we saw the we saw the gorillas. We saw a bunch of gorillas. >> Bunch of like really they were all like out. >> We saw a bunch of bats. >> Tigers are maybe next. This next spot we're at is where the tigers sometimes are or you see them around the corner. Let us know if you see any tigers, Sophia. >> Don't let them maul your face. What? >> No, they're not here. There'd be people here if they were here. >> Yeah, if they're not up there, then they're around the corner down there. >> Is it just the one tiger? >> I think there's two. >> There was a baby that was born last time I, you know, just before I was here last, >> but he'd be pretty adult by now. >> Uh, yeah. But sometimes they're in the grassland here on the ridge. But if they're not, then sometimes you see them down down the corner >> somewhere through this crowd. >> Should be tiger one. Oh, I see him. Can you see him? >> He looks like the copy. Do you see him? >> That must be the cuddle, babe. >> I want to cuddle in it. >> Chilling. >> You want to cuddle with the tiger? >> He found the tree. He is so cute. >> Look at those paws. >> Yeah, that's Yeah, that's the baby still. >> So, where's his mama? >> He's cute. >> Love me a tiger, too. Seen all my favorite animals today. >> So, that was dad apparently. Mom is backstage. She said that uh the sun, the cub is out and there's a there's a third uh there's two habitats, but there's that's two views of the first habitat. Second habitat is later on. Uh she said the sun is in there. Hopefully, we'll see him. I've never I've never seen the cub myself. I missed it when I was here last. >> 1500 species of that. >> There's 1500. >> None of them pose a threat to humans, >> including the three vampiric water buffalo. >> Just chilling. It's like >> hello. >> And there we found Junior. >> He is beautiful. >> Look at your paws out. face. Look at your face, >> Sophie. >> Okay. >> All right. >> That's the pup. >> Something. >> Baby cat. What? That kitten. >> Cub. >> Tiger. Kitten. >> Tiger. Cub. >> What are you staring at, boy? What do you see? He is. >> Is he hunting? Is he Is he uh stalking something? >> There's probably nothing to eat in there. I think they feed them backstage. >> Mommy. >> Might try to get one more look at that tiger in here. We might see his backside perhaps. Look to your right. >> No. Oh yeah, he's way down there. You can't >> you can't quite see down that way. >> Nope. >> Nope. >> In this building in here, they mingle with the guests more >> right here. So, he's looking for branches to nest. They do a lot of nesting in here. They're constantly building them. >> How's that one? Is that one good? No, it's too big. It's too big. >> Oh, he's going for it. >> He He Well, he found a a big piece of branch that he might use for a nest back there. >> But that's what they do all day is they build those things. >> What's that red guy? It's a what? Show me >> right here. >> Is it that guy? >> Yeah, he was really pretty. >> Oh, man. Oh, wait. >> Oh, they're biting. Oh, stop. >> No. No. Where'd he go? I lost him. >> Look at this. Look at Look at Look at This guy's in the temple. >> Oh, here we go. Here we go. >> Here he comes, Sophie. >> You guys missed it, >> huh? >> The guy would just walk right through the >> nest. See this guy right here in the nest? They built that nest. >> That's a Is that a pair? Is that a >> a couple? >> Yes, it's those. Yeah, they're a couple. >> I found it. >> Oh, there's another pair over here, too. >> Another couple. >> Are they going to do a little uh >> egg making? They're so cute. Partridge in a pear tree. Would you look at that? >> I see no pear trees. >> There's a lot here. >> Who's making that noise? Look at that one. >> Now, if we're lucky, we'll get to see her fly and take it there. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> She's If she likes her twig twig, >> she'll fly it up to her nest. Is it mainly the males or females who do the nesting? >> Tagging. That's cool. It has this big connection. >> There she goes. >> Oh, there she goes. >> And it's going in the nest. >> Mission accomplished. >> Flowers. Wow, you're so cool. That's too big for you. That's too big for you. >> Yeah. >> Oh. Oh. I don't know, man. Maybe you can grab that one. >> Try it. Yeah. There you go. You're big enough for that guy. >> No. It's too big. >> Crazy. >> Oh, is he tiny? >> It's too big. It's too long. >> It's too long. I can't fly with this. more chicken. >> Maybe you could break it in half. Can you break it in half? >> Yeah, he's trying. >> Look at the size of that thing. My goodness. >> I think he figured it out. take it up there. You going to fly up there and do it? >> He's He's scoping out his destination right now. I think he's I think he's trying to uh create a flight plan. There he goes. >> Hi. >> And oh, there they go. That's the nest up there, huh? >> Really nice little >> Oh, it looks like they got a little help with a little uh mesh up there or something like Yeah. >> Sometimes the keepers will put out different, but they don't have to. >> That's cool. I think that was >> the safari and then go from there. >> Did I tell you that was better than the other ones? >> Go to the pool. >> That that animal kingdom for me. That >> that bird exhibit was >> That was great. >> I don't care. Like they're pigeons, but they're cool. >> Whatever. They're They're cool pigeons. >> I love all pigeons. The one you know, even the ones we get at home. Like >> I just love birds. >> Which one of those was Adam? >> Oh, Adam's the cardinal today. >> Oh, he's the cardinal. Okay. Which one? Okay. Not bad. I might have gotten too much food. >> Yeah, I'm like shocked how much you got. >> I kept like, "Oh, I want that and I want that." >> That's so unlike you. >> So, that's the teriyaki chicken salad. >> That's pretty good, actually. That's a uh Korean fried chicken sandwich. That's the yak and yeti rice right there. Chicken fried rice. >> What is this? >> Couple of pork egg rolls. Sophie got herself some chicken strips and fries and apple dip or apple slices and a cookie. >> I don't know. I think we're set for a while. Let's just sit here and eat. >> Mhm. >> While you get to chill with that little water fountain back there. >> Okay. Uh yeah. So that yak and yeti is quickly becoming like my favorite place to eat now. I think that wasn't bad. Tasty. >> The chicken sandwich was good. The egg rolls are great. They're like they're she called it. They're Jack in the Box egg rolls, >> which are great. I love Jack in the Box egg rolls. Rice was okay. They put soy sauce in there, I think. >> Uh and what else? What is she doing? Did she find something to do? >> She found something to do. Uh we're going to do a little recon next. I hope you guys don't mind. We're going to check out what's happening with the Encanto work site. But first, chill out on this cloudy right now, but it all comes together. Takes you up to the top of the mountain and then you wrap your >> Wow, >> that ride is so cool. Like thematically speaking, from a yay from a combination of thrills and theming, but I don't think there hasn't I don't think there is an equal, >> but Liz will tell you it's not our favorite ride. >> Oh, no. I That might be my least favorite ride ever. >> Really? >> Ever? >> Because it made you >> It might be worse than Star Tours for me. that moment when you go backwards and you feel like you're actually going upside down. My vertigo I I almost >> I hear that a lot that when you when you go backwards it almost feels like you're doing a backwards loop. >> Um I I think I almost did pass out or I threw up. It was >> But it's wonderful to look at. >> It's beautiful and it is a fun ride, but I just basically I just can't do it. It's tough. >> So that might have been my last time ever in life. >> Oh, I'll do it again. But not this trip. >> Okay, you go Sophie once. Wow, look at that queue. >> Never have I ever. We've never come during peak season, though. We were here in January. We were here in the middle of summer in the hot uh weather. We were here in October, but before was it October? When did I come to Polynesian? I don't Yeah, it was October. >> That was October. >> I don't know if I've ever seen No, actually, I have seen a queue. I once saw a queue for Expedition Everest go out across the bridge once. I did see that. So, this is not the worst queue I've ever seen, but it's been a minute. But I think this is, as I mentioned, like the the peak season for Walt Disney World. We're here in the middle of spring in March. The weather's fine. It's like 70 something, low, high 70s maybe. Not at all muggy. Slightly muggy. Slight chance of rain. It's like the best time of year to be here. It's the most mild time of year to be here, I think. At least it's been my experience so far. Liz said it before I could. You didn't hear it, but she said >> a bridge. It's a bridge. I love bridges. It >> be so cool if we could actually go on this river. >> Well, they used to do a show out here. There used to be shows. >> I like physically us like kind of like a >> I think they didn't have rafts or something that you could >> Yeah, like a raft boat. you kind of like the twain or whatever like you know liy bell that >> this is one of the more common sites you see in the jungles is giant Walmart sized buildings see these a lot >> wow >> I can see the dirt >> oh my god >> so we've arrived at our Encanto recon site. I don't know how they've gone vertical. I don't know if you can see it from the ground, but we'll see. >> But this used to be the old dino uh dino dino land, whatever they called it. >> Yeah. >> No, no, wait. Yeah. Well, it was that weird >> spinner type rides over here. And then on the right was the uh the dig site that Sophie loved. So, they have indeed gone vertical. >> Honey, daddy. >> Lots to see. There's that excavator we just saw. I don't know what's going on with this yellow scaffolding right there. That's probably just prep for something else. But that big vertical or that big steel section back there, that's all in the contour. That's the show building. And then they're probably building the the house, the cassita out in front a little bit as the sort of thematic entrance, but that big one in the back there is the show building. We still don't know what kind of ride system it is or, you know, we there's no concept art for what, you know, what it might look like inside, but that's a pretty goodiz building. They've got big plans in there. Obviously, this it's not just going to be a simple dark ride, that's for sure. And what we're looking at here, this in this frame is both the old, you know, Dino Land, uh, with all the spinners and stuff they were just talking about and the dig site, that's all forwarded. This they they've turned it into, it's merged into one giant, uh, build site now. It used to be separated. They were only building or the walls were up further that way, and, you know, the dig site was still there, but now that's gone as well. And that's probably where they're building right there. >> Right around right around that side right there is where the carousel will be, I believe. Now, there's going to be a lot of like overhead shots from Bio Reconstruct, which we can look into perhaps at some uh maybe if I if I have some, I'll show them. If not, I don't know. We'll check that out later, perhaps. But uh wow, in Kanto, I we have no idea on the timeline of this, by the way. They haven't said anything. There's no uh projected opening as far as I know. As best as I can tell, we can't even get to Dinosaur. dinosaur would be on the other side of that wall and we have to turn right. I don't think we can get back there. I can't even I I have no idea what's going on back there. We could try. I think there's another way in from the other side maybe, but I doubt it. Here we go. Here we go. Left and right. All right, everybody. Two hops to the left. Two hops to the left. Two hops to the left. Two hops to the left. Two left. >> We can leave here today without checking out Zootopia Better Together. I heard it's the best show of all time. It won an Oscar, an Emmy, and a Tony >> for being amazing. That's what I heard. Mommy holding another. >> Oh, look at that. That's a long tail. Turtle. Turtle. >> Turtles. >> Okay. Bye. >> Bye, Turtles. >> Oh, we're already being sorted. inside. >> Oh, you only recon so far today. It was posted 25. >> We got to this showroom in 7 minutes and that was just basically how long it took to walk. lighting during the watch party may include loud noises and unexpected special effects. >> The last time we were like this hurt my face that >> Yeah, that was 10 years ago. >> 10 years ago. >> All right. >> All right. better. >> Can you see it's gathering special live performances from across Utopia unforettable concert? What's your name? My friend Benji, you have the best seat in the house. Wow. water vision. >> Oh no. world crazy. He Bridge. >> Bridge. What >> what even is this? Hey, at least the que's not out here. We're going to take uh our last cracko Safaris. We've been stalling all day, but this is our last thing to do today, I think, before we head out. So, we're just going to get in this queue and hope for the best. Yeah. Yeah. It's still It's still 90, but at least it's not out here. >> Yeah. So, I could be right. >> Down to 80. I was uh I was hoping we could get the opposite effect where it's a better call to action to stay away at 90 for so long that it might actually not be 90 anymore. >> Well, honey, we're going to be panic. >> So, so far so good on that. >> I mean, this is good. >> I'm on it. Yes, this is a very good sign. >> I mean, it's not going to be a walk-on, but I don't think it's going to be 90 either. >> Did you start? >> I did. Yeah, I do laps. I do like intervals. So, uh so you don't have to pay attention to it. I You can wheelchair. >> Please have this person lead your party through the line. This will help keep your weight time to a minimum. Once again, please keep your team up with the party in front of you and fill in all >> I mean every every foot we go further like this is for the better. >> We are back there though. We are in the backyard. Well, while we have a minute, um, I don't know if you were aware, but the Zootopia better together reviews have been like terrible. >> I get it. >> Everybody but Peter hated it. >> I get it. It's very What the heck is going on? >> It's busy. It's very busy. >> The story line makes no sense. >> There is no story. >> I guess somebody like the the howler guy, whatever. Whatever. It's like it's a nonsensical thing. The tough to be a bug at least was more like it's the good guys versus the bad guys sort of thing. And you had Hopper and you had the there was no spiders out the ceiling. >> Oh yeah. Good times, right? But other than that, it was it was it has pretty much the same type of show that that >> uh Tough to be a Bug was. >> Yeah. >> But it was just >> they just tried to cram way too much in >> way too many reference. That's what Kevin was saying is like it's just very hyper sort of. >> But kids are hyper so it works out for the kids. >> She loved it. I thought >> she loved it. She did. >> Yeah. She was laughing and and the haptics still work. The haptics do still work. >> Yeah. >> Cuz I I thought I heard they turn those off, but no. We got water in the face, wind, the the the rodents. >> Uh yeah, I mean it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's all fine. Okay, we finished the backyard in about 21 minutes. 23 minutes all in so far. >> I don't know if that's good or bad. I think that's good. I think we're definitely under a 90minute pace. That's for sure. Or even an 80minute pace. I think we're going to hit 60, maybe even under 60. >> I feel like this couldn't possibly take more than 40 minutes. >> I think we're under an hour. Yeah, >> cuz we got these switchbacks. Then we got to go around the corner. I think there's another batch of switchbacks up there. I don't remember. It's been a minute, >> but they, you know, I' I've only had to wait in a queue here one time before, so it's hard for me to remember. And we have found why we slowed down a bit cuz we were cooking through the backyard, but we slowed down. Looks like Lightning Lane has shown up here at the end of the night a little bit. Maybe maybe we see a lion today. Look at Oh my god, he's in the queue. He's going to be in the queue. >> It is not necessary to >> Oh, he's failing. He's bailing. >> Okay, I'm out of here. >> I don't know. He's >> quick. I know how that is. >> Please have this person lead your party through the line. No one has any help to a minim. >> I don't think I've ever seen a snake in a queue before. >> It's got to be a first. We go wild. >> Charo safaris. In order to keep your weight time to a minimum, we ask that you please keep your group together. Wow, that's really, really good. >> We mixed in 36 minutes. Thought >> we were going to be stuck there because we weren't going anywhere cuz lightning lane, but then all of a sudden it just the floodgates open >> and we mixed in 36 minutes. >> We mixed in 36. Yeah. Well, that's what I was going for was the opposite effect. I thought the opposite effect would be in play. That's exactly what happened. People got sick of seeing that 90 on the board and they stayed away until it went down. Which, by the way, the post weight time is now 55. So, we did the exact execution of the opposite trick. If you don't know what I'm talking about on this channel, for those of you who are Walt Disney World normals who are watching our video there and you don't normally watch Disneyland videos, we did a we did a hacks video which works. Some of them work in both, you know, wherever you are. But one of those tricks, one of those hacks is the opposite effect. Check that video out. Uh there will be a link in the description and I'll also put it in the end card at the end of this video. And that is our boat >> in 41 minutes. >> Posted 90. >> Bye. That's not our boat. >> That's That's somebody else's boat >> that This is our boat. >> Drivers only. >> And just like that, you're now >> No tigers or lions for her, I guess. >> All right, I'll do it. >> Wendy >> Jambo friends is an obvious fire guy today. inside the truck at all times for anything that falls outside of this vehicle cannot and will not be recovered by you nor me by nature. >> Let's check the okopy off to our right. >> Also using their ears. Very creative there. >> The white stripes on the back. >> I've never seen that guy before. >> Help recreate the effect of sunlight shining through the canopy. Thus >> communicate with their partner. Wow. Did >> you see how big his legs are? >> Yeah, that was impressive. >> And up on top the hill. >> Where's that rhino? >> I thought I saw a black rhoscer. >> Now, if you may have noted I just described rhinos as cousins of the horse with big, beautiful horns, myth glass, magical known to form groups that can number up to 500 individuals. This also makes them incredibly powerful animals for despite weighing in at roughly 2 tons with their short little legs reaching lengths of 16 ft and weights of 500 lb on average with notable individuals getting significantly larger. It looks like it has its roots up in the air like I just don't care. >> Pressure at the bay is right side up. Remaining pair of leaves are nine months of the year. Tukapa dog is the most successful hunter of the African savannah with a higher success rate than lions, hyenas, cheetahs, and leopards. Angel are the sable antelope, the emblem of the Rambe wildlife reserve joined by a relatively small herd of wilderbeast. >> Now I say relatively small for the wilderbeast have been known to for mega herds which now these beautiful boines with the big horns are the enkoli cattle. also called the watch sea cattle for the tribe that origin domesticated them. They were not kept for beef, leather, nor milk, but instead as a status symbol to reflect great wealth. Newborns are start out 6 feet tall and quickly grow like that youngster till they reach adulthood where they can be anywhere from 14 to 20 ft in height. To our left is a mandrel amongst the largest monkeys recognized by the bright red and blue markings on both their faces and posteriors. relative to their size of some of the largest canines of any primate. This has caused them to get tempted to take crops for themselves would have been out to farmers. Thankfully though, we found a peace resolution in the form of bees, sisters, aunts, cousins, grandmas, and in some rare cases, even great grandmas working together to make sure they have a safe, happy, healthy life. >> Baby elephant, >> greater flamingos. Greater comes from being the largest flamingo species in the world. That beautiful pink color comes from their diet rich in beta carotene consisting mostly of shrimp and krill. >> Shrimp and krill diet. Oh my god, they're so cute. >> Now have your eagle eyes ready. We're lying down up at the lions will no longer be asleep tonight. >> It'll be the lion's go and do a majority of the hunting breeze. and blend in really well with their environment here. So, keep an eye out for the hairy rocks. >> You also note that yellow boxing out front, that's actually the prototype for the Alvin Beehive program I was discussing a while back. Taking us back to a place where you can all help out today. Bird Animal Kingdom and all the stores. Donations can be made to the Walt Disney Conservation Fund. All contributions will be matched on% by Disney. So no matter how big, no matter how small, let all donations will greatly in preserving the circle of life creature generations to explore the wilderness to see all those wonderful animals. We may get a closer view of those hippos and copy as well as meet some of the greatest great apes in the world. Hope to see you all in your next safari whenever that may be. Try and say goodbye friends. I'd like to say wish you all well and in the spirit of till next time >> friends please put your hands up so you think so. >> Now that is the end of our Animal Kingdom day. But don't fret because that's not the end of this video. We're going to go take a break at the hotel, rest, relax, and then we're going to come back. We're going to go back to Magic Kingdom, see that park at night, and enjoy some of the amazing things, some of the things that we missed actually on our first. We didn't get to Adventure Land. So, uh, we're going to go back to Magic Kingdom, but just let us rest for a bit. >> We're back. >> Very good. There goes the mon. And this is why Magic Kingdom will always be at least number two for me. I mean, Epcot is number one for both me and Liz, who I've lost somewhere behind me now. Uh Epcot is always going to be number one for me and Liz. That'll be coming up in another day or so. But I just love walking into Magic Kingdom. I love the presentation, the reveal of Magic Kingdom. It's bonkers again today, but it's going to be a quick, lovely evening, I think. Um, still number two for me, right? Magic Magic Kingdom. But you I guess you know you're Animal Kingdom now, aren't you? >> Epcot, Animal Kingdom, Magic Kingdom, and then Yeah. >> I don't know. I love this. I love I love the reveal. >> It's very Paris. So >> Oh, Paris. Remember Paris? That was amazing. We lost our mind. >> Paris. Yeah, I miss Paris. But it has a vibe. I think it has more of a Paris vibe here than it does. >> Oh, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. >> That's why I love it. >> We got just a little bit of light left. I want to do something that's lightw worthy. I'm thinking maybe the treehouse in Adventure Land. >> I don't, you know, still very Swiss Swiss family here. Not here. >> Never. >> Back on Main Street. Here's what we've got to look forward to tonight. Starting out keeping it light. Taking uh Sophia to the treehouse. She's never been. Liz, I don't think has ever been to the Swiss Family Treehouse. We'll be doing that first. Then heading to the Magic Car Lads, what is a kind of a surprise for me. From there to Pirates, we're going to uh meet up with some friends and then it's to Space Mountain where we're going to race the clock and try to get out of Space Mountain before the fireworks start or while the fireworks are going getting onto the people mover. Oh my god, I forgot we're going to get a special opportunity to ride Buzz Lightyear. Will we make it? Stay tuned. Let's get this night started. Is this supposed to be Q? I wonder. Look at their wheel works and the buckets. Wow. Lucky guys. >> My god, I love their treehouse so much. Just look at all the space they give you. >> Oh, this is where >> you see the construction. You can see >> Oh my god. And this is my bedroom up here. >> What's in my bedroom? >> Are you using your imagination again, Sophia? >> Mommy, where's my bedroom? >> Okay, give me one second. Oh my gosh. Here on the other side. Pushing in on the other side. >> There you go. >> Wow. It looks very high up. >> Yeah. Yeah. Definitely higher than ours. Mommy and daddy was pretty tiny. Isn't >> this crazy? Next step. They like our chicken. That's where comes. >> Yeah. Is that where you make dinner? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. What are you going to make? You going to have some fruit? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Fruit and water. and guava, which I get. Oh, and beans. They got beans. You >> want to watch something else? >> What? >> I even have a little slide. >> Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh, is that a slide? >> Yeah. Want to see the rest of it? >> Okay. Show me the slide. >> Right here. >> Okay. >> Oh. Oh, you go under. Whoa. >> It's going before we meet up with Uncle. >> Wow. Mom's in a hurry. I love this one. >> It's so big. They have a river. >> Yeah. No, it's fine. It's fine. >> Do we have a river? >> No, but it's cute. >> We have a tiny little stream. >> That doesn't work right now. >> Let's go do a fast pirate. >> We'll do uh Oh, you want to do carpet? >> All right, I'm down. I've never done this one before. >> Do that instead of pirates right now. >> Whatever. Yeah, >> I don't understand. Is this standby or is this fast? >> That's Lightning Lane. That's standby. Right there. >> Standby. Right there. Wow. Uh, can I just put this on air right now? It is absolutely criminal that this ride has light. >> Absolutely criminal. Like, what are they even thinking? Does every single ride this and both the Dumbos are lightly ling? Do they have any other spinners here? Anyway, a spinner should never be a lightning lane attraction. They just it's it's like it's too much. Somebody's got to do something about that. party line. >> Still just 11:38. >> There wasn't a lot of Lightning Lane people in the queue as it turns out. So it it's kind of like a mermaid perhaps where even though that has it people don't use it like who would use lightning on on Aladdin. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. >> Oh, I got hurt. You really deserve high. >> It's really pretty up here though, I must say. >> Construction, baby. Construction. Oh my god. You can't see it. >> Oh my god. Oh no. >> Okay. Right down there, baby. >> Oh man. Do it again. Come to a complete stop. Then walk to the nearest exit. Come ride through this again. >> Yay. Oh wa wa. Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. I'm embarrassed to admit that I was prepared to not like that at all. It looks kind of meh from the street. And I, you know, I'm I'm a fan of spinners in a way. I don't like spinning, but I like the views, etc., but that was actually pretty great. I mean, it's a little slower than like Astro Blast or I mean Astro Orbiter. Uh about the same pace maybe as Dumbo, but you're higher. I feel like I was higher and the views felt like they were better than they are on Dumbo or Astro Orbiter. And I've lost my feel like that's a little high. You got it. >> All right, little kid. Let's do it. >> Oh, she just stopped. >> Ready? Let's go again. Ready? We got >> Oh, yeah. You go. >> And now we shall head over to Timu Pirates. >> You know, uh, they got the beacon barrel that's open now, but I we looked at that. There's no food hardly in there. So, it's kind of a drag. I thought maybe we might do that tonight, but you got to make reservations and everything. Another cannon. >> See, like you count how many canons are in the >> So, is this your favorite queue of all time? Paris. >> I remember the one in Paris if it was kind of similar to this one. >> The only thing I remember about Paris was that their uh blue bayou was less that was the Yeah, Kathy Jackson was the team blue by you. >> I did not. We were but also we weren't feeling well either. So I didn't >> I definitely got internationally like that >> sickness like just you know from traveling. >> Yeah. >> Um the food was not that great. >> No, it wasn't. 1646. Easy peasy. Post the 25 by the way. Yeah. Heat. forever. Run up your white flag, you scrubby scum, and bring me I'll be sending you to D. The mother of lock sparrow in the treasure will track. >> Show them your flock. >> Hey, send him h to Davy Jones. It's the rum they want. DRINK it up. You watch Captain Jack Sparrow. You'll never find the treasure. Heat. Heat. might watch I can get back. >> How long has it been since you've been on Pirates? >> Uh, I was like in high school. >> So, like 10 years. 20 20 years ago. Thanks. Um >> I actually don't mind it. >> What? >> I actually don't mind it. >> Well, it's not exactly high praise. You don't mind it, but I'm just saying. >> Um like I liked it. >> You could tell that they don't keep up the animatronics like they do ours. >> No, but I think I like >> ours always look new and clean and fresh. Their animatronics look like they've been there for 30 years. >> There's more to it at ours. But I I really like the the the exterior, like the building. >> Really? >> Mhm. >> Yeah. Like Jack Sparrow's ending. I I >> You prefer that, >> huh? >> Wow. See, I feel like the sets are far more complete. They're more thematically like >> I feel more wrapped in the story than I do%. Yeah. But like I don't I mean I don't think horrible, but like you know >> I mean it's almost horrible. >> I didn't by comparison. by comparison. Anyway, >> well, ours is the best, you know. I mean, what I remember at the Paris one, I didn't like how it started out with the scene of them being alive and it ended them with the skeletons. I kind of didn't like that. It felt like more like a story, but you know, >> they're all good. I don't >> I guess we just we've been on we've been on Pirates a thousand times at Disney. I just that's what we come to like that's that's that's the real thing to me anyway. >> I just I love Pirates, you know? Like it being good or bad, like I just love >> and Haunted Mansion. in Haunted Mansion. Like I love this Haunted Mansion, you know. I love mine more, but this one's great. >> I do too. Yeah. It's I just wish it was a little bit brighter. >> Yes. Very dim. >> Very dark. And actually, the Pirates here is darker, too. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like Jack Sparrow had a nice tan. >> They all had nice tans. They all did. >> Like they were out there in the sun. >> I'm just saying like put a little makeup on these guys. Fix them up a little bit. >> They all look like they've been in there, you know, in the dark for 30 years. Heat. Heat. right there. >> Dude, I'm actually I can't remember the last time I surfed a crowd like that. I uh candle light procession was the was the worst thing I've ever seen. That was pretty damn close. >> Oh my god. I I can barely look around, man. That was intense. >> Say, is this a preview or is that a standby? >> The walls were up yesterday. >> Yeah. Nothing. The new ride's open. Check it out. >> What? >> It's not supposed to be open, right? >> There was no preview right now. >> By the way, you guys, if you didn't notice, we're with Kevin Heimbot. Kevin and Allison. They've been >> Now we have the superior buzz. >> You do. You do. That's the one thing we got here. >> Have you? >> Yes. I'm very happy. >> I've heard this really, really good. That's how Drew got the 1.5 million. >> What? >> He rode today. >> Oh, >> Drew did. >> I was wondering gave him all the secrets. >> I know, right? >> I thought it's harder this time. >> You were tell Well, maybe is, but you were saying that there's no more there's no more cap at 99.99 or you just keep going. >> You can keep going. >> You'll like it. It has a screen for you. Pictures. >> Uh, you said the feedback's better. >> Yeah, there's there's two different lasers now. There's a red laser and a green laser. And you can track the laser. So for the younger kids and older people finding, >> you can find your dot. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Incredible. 10 minutes, too. You think it would be bonkers, but nobody knows it's open. It was not supposed to be open. The walls were up yesterday. Oh, >> they still has they still have Buzz behind. >> Yeah, he's behind the curtain right now. >> Yeah, Buzz Lightyear should be there. The Buzz Lightyear that we have, >> but I heard he still has his projected face. Red versus green. >> You know, I suck at this ride. >> I'm not any good either. >> I'm terrible at buzz. >> I can't I can barely break a 100. Hello. >> Oh my god, that's so much better. >> Okay, almost ready to launch. Let's try down real quick. every time. >> I'm trying to stop spitting me. >> Oh my god. Oh no. Stop it. Stop it. You're getting all my Look at you. Look at >> you guys. How are you doing so much better than me? I'm hitting nothing. >> I don't understand. I hit some big targets, I think. Good job. >> I mean, you really caught up though. >> We see the scores. >> Yeah, I was like 495. >> They were to take them off. I didn't even see >> you. I was about to be royally embarrassed. I still got my butt kicked, but I was >> until that second to last room. I was at literally, guys, I was at 10,000. In the second to last room, I could hear I could hear Kevin behind me. I've almost got a million, babe. And I'm like, 10,000? Oh my god. Oh my god. But I got a couple tires. I think I was somewhere like 320. >> Yeah. And I was like 495. She hit almost 500 on her first time ever. >> But the haptics are obviously very good. >> So much better. Uh the response is better. The feedback is better. The haptics are better. You can see although there's a you can see everybody's dot >> which is kind of distracting. >> That's okay. >> Uh but uh and you do it's it's a little bit more apparent when somebody gets the target before you. That's why I suck at buzz on ours because I can't really tell if somebody's already triggered my target >> cuz it takes a second for the target to reset. So, I kept I was late on everything. I was late on every target, it seemed like. >> Uh but yeah, that's light years now ahead of ours. That was really fun. I'm really glad that we got a chance to do that. >> That one room though gave me vertigo really bad. >> The last room was second to last space >> when like we were getting out of that like black, you know, star. Well, that's where I got was catching up with you. >> Yeah, that's where I was having at that point. So, you're welcome. >> You're welcome. I have vertigo. >> All right. Uh, we should be having a a lightning or I mean a >> fireworks effect right now. >> So, we're going to go try and jump on space. >> We're in space again. I'm so excited. >> Uh, hold on. Where are we going? >> WHERE ARE WE GOING? >> Space mountain. >> And certainly this is a better scenario than we found yesterday, which was all out here. We had to go through this whole queue yesterday. >> Expected mother should not ride and passengers who do not meet the minimum height requirement may not ride. Be sure to supervise children at all times and remember that passengers in wheelchairs must trans. >> Attention Space Mountain passengers. Space Mountain is a familiar high roller coaster type ride in the dark sharp turns. >> Wow, look at that. Look at that. Space hall is almost empty. One, two, three, four. We'll call it four. Four switchbacks. Right. One, two, three, four. Not even all of four. >> If my calculations are correct, I'm expecting 4 minutes and 20 seconds per switch back. With four switchbacks, that's just over 17 minutes for our vehicle. >> That's okay. >> What? We're not going to see the fireworks at the >> only Let's do the math. >> No way. >> Yeah. So, it's 9:22. >> If we figure four four and 1/2 minutes between four 4 and 1/2 minutes per switch back, four switchbacks to go, that's about 17 minutes. 17 minutes in the queue. 17 minutes to the vehicle, I should say. >> But fireworks are at 9:30. >> Hang on. 17 minutes to the vehicle. Maybe 18. We'll call it 18. 2 minutes on the ride. 2 minutes out. That's 22 minutes or no. Uh yeah, 22 minutes total. We're in We're back out in Tomorrowland in 22 minutes at 9:44. Fireworks go off in 30 minutes. It might We might see the end if we can walk right on to people mover. >> We might see the very end. >> Okay. All right. Let's see. >> You got to get moving. We just did those last two switchbacks in uh just under 3 minutes. >> Okay. >> Puts us 2 minutes ahead of schedule. >> Maybe even 4 minutes ahead of schedule. >> So there's a there's a chance we're getting into Tomorrowland before 9 or before 9:40. >> And I just shot your forehead. 2 minutes here. 9:29. 2 minutes there. 9:41 to get to the vehicle. 2 minutes on the ride. 9:43. 2 minutes out. No, I'm sorry. 9:30. 2 minutes out. 9:35. We're in the queue for the people, I think, in under 10 minutes. That'll get us out there at 9:37. We can probably see as far away from probably. >> And of course, no sooner do I say all that confident stuff did we slow down. We're at 9:31 now. It's still going to be just 2 minutes to our vehicle. Uh maybe 3 minutes to the vehicle. Five two more on the ride. 2 and 1/2 5 1/2 minutes. 2 minutes out. 7. We're still in Tomorrowland at 9:39. We could still be in Tomorrowland at 9:39 out there in the commentary getting into the queue for people mover at 9:39. I think even with the uh little snafu we just hit there. I don't know if this is the reason or not why we slowed down all of a sudden, but they're not loading on the right side now. They're loading left side only. for your safety. Everyone Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. OH MY GOD. JEEZ. NO. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. OH MY GOD. SNOW. WOO. OH. Oh yeah. Woo! Oh my god. Oh god. Oh god. There it Oh, I got to roll. Jeez Louise. Bloody hell. Oh my gosh. I can't I can't stop. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow, so >> keep waiting to not like that more than our Space Mountain, but it keeps not happening. I'm telling you, >> that's so good, man. Literally my new favorite ride like all time. >> Oh my god, it wakes you up like a cup of coffee, man. >> Fine. >> So, yeah, we're 2 minutes behind schedule cuz it's going to take us a minute to walk out of here. It's 9:40. We got 5 minutes to get on the people mover. I don't think it's going to make it. How long is the firework show? What? 15 minutes. >> 15, right? Yeah. So, we have to be we have to be we got to be there now. >> We got theme park crows here. We're going to speed walk it. >> All right, Liz. Arms up. We got power walking. >> Yeah. >> Good. >> Okay. >> Who needs Tron merch when we have Star Wars merch or Toy Story merch? >> 9:41. We have 4 minutes to be in the air. >> Oh, and they're going. Lead the way, Hark. Yeah. Heat. Uh, five. >> Yeah. >> Well, I mean, Oh, thank you. >> It's 9:44. >> Is that's not the That's not the finale, right? >> That was pirates. They don't end with pirates, do they? >> This one any one shot in your car. >> Well, I feel like that's a win. I feel like we did it. Enjoy your journey. >> Good jobie. >> Good job. >> Yeah, we we we lost 30 seconds. Uh Sophie took a took a header, I think. >> No, she she got her finger. >> Oh, her finger. Non-stop service around. >> Are there going to be That wasn't the finale, right? Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the people watches presented by Enterprise. >> Oh man. >> Yeah, we did it. That counts. >> There's really nothing like today. >> Yay. Right there. Castle's coming up. >> Dude, do we get the finale right here at Castle or are we too early now? Too early. Yeah, we're going to be at Epcot when they're going up. I found two of my favorite spots. >> Okay, come on. Get out of here. >> No, I said, "Yeah, we're going to be in." >> Well, it's true. We're going to come out. We're going to come out and run. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Progress lane. I get it. Yeah. Yeah. It's great. Many mini people mover. We know all about it. I wonder if that means there's a train. >> Yes. >> What a day we had. My goodness. >> It was fun. >> You had a fun day. I'm glad baby star covered up for months. >> All right. Come on. One time. One time. dealer. >> Nothing's happening. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmir. Oh, there you go, honey. >> NO, NO, NO. OH NO. >> Oh man. >> Now we're going to be in the dark for like 5 minutes. >> I can hear it. Do you hear it? I hear it. >> That sounds like a finale, too. >> I feel we were talking to you too early. >> Hey, remember when we did that like 5 minutes ago? Still though, that wasn't bad. Watch for you and the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral wings of Pisces. >> This is like the biggest buzz kill of all time right now. >> You're going to kill. >> No way. There he is. >> He's still going. >> I hear music. I hear music. >> Please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight. >> Oh, this is the uh afterlow music >> or maybe I don't know. Yeah. Looks like the house lights are up. It looks so pretty. >> Like progress itself inspired generations to >> dream. I know they were. Yeah. Here now we're on it. We're staring now approaching tomorrow authority station. My fellow sentient life, our people journey has nearly become full. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you here. And you know conclude this is all my favorite cuz now is the time now is the best time to know how to explore tomorrow today. See you in the future. >> Okay. See you in the future. Huh? >> The astro orbiters. No, it's like ours at home, but ours is way more people. >> 223 people mover. Don't worry. >> Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Check it out. >> Like home. >> My god, it's wider though. This street, it feels wider, doesn't it? >> This is nuts. But it's because the the parade is over and the fireworks are over. Everybody's going home. Even though the park doesn't close for another hour. >> It's as if it did. It's like It's like going to a Dodger game. at the Chavez Ravine. Uh, I hope you guys had a fun time tonight. We sure did. That was pretty fun. We got a lot done again. >> That was so much fun, >> dude. How what how epic was that that we got out of there and my math was just a little bit off, >> but that's because they closed down to one side on Space Mountain. >> Oh, good. >> But it was pretty good. We We We did miss the finale. We were in Space Mountain when the finale went up, but whatever. Uh, I hope you guys enjoyed. Thanks for watching us here at the Magic Kingdom. Day two of uh the Ericson family vacation. >> We're going to take the day off tomorrow. We're going to Gatorland. We'll see you uh on Wednesday for Epcot. >> Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake. >> Fresh bake. Good night.
