---
video_id: uwPNtuxXeA0
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-03-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwPNtuxXeA0
---
Well, that's confusing. Am I on the right? Are we on fresh baked? Oh, there it goes. Five coders. The live stream wasn't popping up there for a second. Nice. We're good. What's happening, guys? How [clears throat] goes it? All the usuals. Nate, Porkins, Jeff. What's happening, guys? Did you hear that Disney might be banning live streamers since that swatting incident? I haven't heard that, no. I don't think that's going to happen. I No, I doubt that that would happen. That would be uh foolish. That would be foolish, I think. I mean, they just they they they just have to keep doing what they did to sort of inhibit that kind of thing. Like I don't know. I You can't punish the live streamers for being swatted, you know? I mean, I get why they're doing it. I get why they did cuz they don't want to draw that kind of attention. Uh and they need to take it take, you know, take action, I guess, when something happens. You have to make sure that it's doesn't become an issue, but it's the swatters that are the problem. Uh it's the swatters. So, how do we, you know, how do we solve that? How do you How do you How do you get swatters to stop swatting? That's what I want to know. As I And I actually that's an honest question. That's an honest question because I'm not that uh you know, involved in the live streaming community per se, so I don't know. >> [clears throat] >> I still I know it's still a thing, but I don't know if there are things you can do. What's a swatter? People are asking what a swatter. Um people [clears throat] who are live streaming the people that watch them the viewers of the live streams >> [clears throat] >> will call in a fake event that causes the police to show up or a SWAT team. That's why they call it swatting. That a a SWAT team would show up, a terrorist event, or some sort of, you know, uh violent situation. A fake event that sounds dangerous and police need to be called. Uh and it's [clears throat] common. It's pretty common, uh but I again, I don't know what the uh I don't know what the what the How do you How do you combat that? Yeah, it is. [clears throat] It's terrible. Because they got the The guy who got swatted is the one who got kicked out. And they do that on purpose for that very reason. They swat you to in order to cause trouble. They want you to be hurt. They want you to to uh to, you know, have that kind of pain. It's stupid. Yeah. It really is stupid. I agree. People need to find a get a better life. Honestly, get a better life. You know? >> [clears throat] >> That can't be That can't be like your life's goal. Uh Jungle Cruiser gifted 10 bucks. Thank you. I was at the Bluey Manace on Sunday. It was an amazing sight to see so many Disney managers in one place. My fear is this stays popular and the ops budget can't support it. Oh, it it will it'll stay popular, but it it it'll be just a normal operation like Magical Map or something like that. Uh it won't be it won't get to that point. I was there on Monday the next day, and while it was pretty intense I didn't feel like there was that it wasn't being handled at any point. It was handled very well. Uh yeah, let me get that going. Pirates closed in May. When do you think it'll reopen? We don't know. We don't know. Uh we don't know how long the the how long the closure is. I'm not even positive what they're doing. I think there may be some guest-facing stuff, but most of it is going to be off, you know, backstage kind of thing, operational. Shane Arshawn gifted $5. Thank you. Uh let's talk about Honda Center prices. $319 for section 200. Uh you talk about D23. I haven't looked at the prices yet. I thought I saw a price that was 300 for a 3-day pass. Did that not include Are they Oh, that's right. They do. Do they sell the uh the panels separately? Are they selling the panels separately? I would never pay 319 for I'll buy whatever cheap sheet cheap cheap seat is available. Wait, they're not on sale now, are they? I thought it was in April. Okay, April 2nd. Cuz somebody like, "Did you get your tickets?" I'm like, "No." >> [laughter] >> Wah! I'm going to panic. April 2nd is the sale date, right? That's for the That's for gold? Ryan Obst gifted $5. Thank you. Is park hopping too difficult at Walt Disney World or is it manageable? It's manageable, but certainly not as easy as it is. There is no There is no park that is across the street necessarily from the other park like it is here at Disneyland. Um some are closer than others. Everything is 100 miles from Animal Kingdom. So, what whatever you're doing, it's pretty difficult to park hop from Animal Kingdom. Well, not difficult, but annoying. But I have done it. I park hopped I park hopped twice from Animal Kingdom. Uh but you can't It's hard to do all four. All four is a is a grind. I'll say that. All four is a very It's a challenge. It's an actual challenge that people do, the four-park challenge. But it requires you know, uh a a a bus. There's a bus from every single park to every other park plus every hotel. Um but you can, you know, there's the there's the skyway that But that Not all the things go to all the places. Like the skyway only goes to Hollywood Studios. >> [laughter] >> And that's it. Uh nothing goes to Animal Kingdom. Uh the monorail goes to Epcot and Magic Kingdom. Drake gifted two bucks. Thank you. How buzzed do you get off a mimosa flight? Well, it depends on your constitution. Um I I I did the mimosa flight and I was buzzed after that, but I already had a drink before. So, yeah, it wasn't that It wasn't too bad. Flip Johnson, did you get an invite to the Disneyland Paris Frozen premiere? I did not. Uh Where'd it go? Probus had some good coverage. Yeah, I think Probus did get invited, but I don't get invited to anything. Uh okay. Uh uh Ranger Mike gifted 20 bucks. Thank you. Love all the hard work you do. Been watching since 2018 and you're my go-to source for all things Disneyland. I'll be down for Disney Channel night. Hope the family's doing well. And thanks again for the uh the reporting. I'm not going I'm I'm not sure if you're asking if I'm going or not, but I'm not going to Disney Channel night, but uh uh from what I heard from What was the last one they did? What did I miss? I just the what last one that was the It was kind of the new one. What I heard it was terrible. I heard that I heard the last after They're They're not getting better. They're getting worse. Um so, I I'm I feel comfortable in my choosing to not go. I've been boycotting those things pretty much for I think I did one last year, but I pretty much don't go to those ever anymore. Arthur, Skyline goes to Hollywood Studios. Oh, that's right. It does go to Epcot. I forgot about that. Yeah. Actually, that's the Hollywood Studios and Epcot are the closest. You can actually walk between Hollywood Studios and Epcot. You can do that. Uh you can't though What's weird is the the Skyliner does go to Epcot and it does go to Hollywood Studios, but you can't you can't you can't go from Hollywood Studios to Epcot, I think, right? Do I have that right? Uh you have to kind of kind of take It's a very circuitous route to to do that. Uh Brian gifted two bucks. Thank you. Did you see the Disney Legends announcement? I did not. No. Who is Legends? I don't know. Donna gifted eight bucks. Thank you. Hi from Australia. Hoping fuel shortages don't impact my trip to Disneyland Resort in June. Will you uh Will you be back in Disneyland in June? Uh back in Disneyland? Yes. Would love to get a pic. I don't know when. I don't know what days, but I'll be in the park in June. Although, I take that back. No, we're going back to Florida. We're going to Florida again on June 1st, I want to say. We have a second trip planned. June 1st. Uh say division, get the $5. Thank you. Hey David, are you still going to be in Walt Disney World this weekend? Yes, we leave Saturday morning, I believe. That's a buck from Lisa. Thank you. And thank you to Jungle Cruiser for the $5 gift. Dave, have you heard of the new 9 by 9 by 9 food challenge at some baseball parks? Nine hot dogs, nine medium cups of beer, nine innings to finish it. I've never heard of that. I don't go to baseball games. That is that sounds like a suicide plan. >> [laughter] >> Sorry, I don't mean to joke about that. There's no way. You have to be there's just no way. I couldn't get a third of the way through that, I don't think. There's no way. I'd be done in the third inning. Both in all in all facets. Uh I would be done with uh food and beer, and I'd probably be bored of the baseball game. The baseball's back today, right? They put the uh Oh, today was opening day, officially? Well, uh Kimberly says, put on your patience pants. Uh we uh fly out of John Wayne, which I don't expect there to be any issue. There's nine people at John Wayne typically. >> [laughter] >> Plus, we're going super early in the morning. We're going to be there I think our flight is at 7:00 a.m. Our flight's at 7:00 a.m., I think. Uh so, and it's John Wayne, so I don't I don't expect uh I don't expect it to be at all crazy. Are you planning to go to Universal FanFest? I am not going to FanFest, no. I do have some sort of uh plans to go back to Universal again. Uh it probably when we get back from Florida, I might make a trip back to Universal, but I'm not tripping about FanFest. No, and I heard nobody's showing up for that. I heard they're not selling very many tickets. Top three goals of Walt Disney World. Uh I don't know. I'm just to have a you know, make three decent videos. It It's a family trip. So, I won't be doing any kind of park science necessarily or anything like that. Um it's just, you know, me, Sophia, and Liz for you know, on a family trip for fun. Uh and we're going to go see Adam again. Uh I think. But, uh yeah, I mean, it's just, you know, I I don't have any goals in terms of show. But, you know, I we're going to be doing at least two park I think we're we may not even be spending one of our days. I think I think Liz said she wants to go to Gatorland. I'm not sure if that's going to happen or not, but we'll see. Amanda gets the two bucks. Thank you. Got our fresh baked shirts for April 16th trip. Awesome. Thanks for repping fresh baked. Donna gets the two bucks. Thank you, Donna. I am there June 1st through 10th. Maybe next time. Well, I mean, I will be there June 6th, maybe. Um I mean, there's still a chance, I guess. I come Our our our plans are June 1st through June 5th. Chris Berman, no kidding. The Jonas Brothers, Anne Hathaway, Bob Iger, okay. Alan Tudyk, all right. Kim Irvine, naturally. Jerry Bruckheimer. That I mean, just Dwayne Johnson? I mean, I'm a big Dwayne Johnson fan, but how is he a So, he's but he just did But, what did he do? Oh, he did Jungle Cruise. So, just being in a Disney movie gets you gets you legend? Just being in a Disney movie? I don't know. I I don't I don't get The Disney legend thing just seems a little bit too easy. >> [laughter] >> Right, Moana. Okay, and Jungle Cruise. Like, that's But, that's still that's not even a big deal. That gets you legend? A legend should have a career. Like, a bunch of Dean Jones should be a legend. Is Dean Jones a legend? Dean Jones should be a legend before The Rock. Guys, I know that Dwayne Johnson's Moana. >> [laughter] >> You don't have to tell me that Dwayne Johnson was in Moana. >> [laughter] >> I was there. Right, exactly. Name recognition. So, what's the that that's just like, what's the point? You're not a legend, you're just a guy. Oh, yes, I'm Dean good. Okay, good. Why do people get a crown symbol? I don't know where the crown symbols are. Oh, the the the top three um I forget how that works. Like, the the the top three commenters or whatever get crowns. Like, Beast Mode who gifted $10. Thank you very much. And I do think it helps. I'm not in charge of this thing, but I think I think it helps if you're um you know, doing a super chat. Thank you for the Disneyland update videos. My family and I watch your videos to stay informed about the park so we're prepared when we visit. I am so happy to hear that. Thank you very much. I'm going to give you a high five and hope you have a great day. Uh Flip Johnson gets the $5. Thank you. He looks like he's a member. Thank you, Flip. What did you think of the Disneyland Cruise Line tier jerker ad during the Oscars? I have to admit, I have not seen it. I don't watch things. I'm not aware of things. I have a very small bubble when it comes to Disney. Uh So, yeah, I didn't see I didn't see the the commercial. Um so, I don't I can't I don't have a any reference. Michael Giacchino, I would That's No, that's a guy who has had a career making sound for Disney. He's done a hundred soundtracks and see or you know, what do you call it? Music things. Paul gifted $5. Thank you. I'm not going to Disneyland in 2026, but I still watch your videos just to see the joy you share or uh the joy you share in your time at Disney. Keep me smiling. Thank you for that. I appreciate that. Hey, look. Evan is a who's a member has made his first comment as a member. Awesome. Thanks, Evan. Grizzly's back up. That's so funny. Like, they just never put the they just never put the date up there on the on the reverb counter. They just They're just like, we're just not going to do it. We're just not ever going to We're just not going to put the date up there. Whatever. Have I seen Project Hail Mary? No, I have not, but I do hope to at some point. Wait, we have a football jersey? Power 106? Wait, is that the radio station Power Is that Power 106? That was what it was called, right? Power 106 said, I'll be at the parks in my fresh baked football jersey. I didn't know we had a football jersey. Nathan gets the two bucks. Thank you. Explain how Iger becomes a legend before Eisner. I don't know. >> [laughter] >> I love how people ask me stuff like I'm supposed to know. >> [laughter] >> I don't know, man. Uh uh >> [laughter] >> I don't know. Because Iger bought Star Wars and toys or in Pixar and some other stuff. Uh Sheela gifted 10 bucks. Thank you. Please thank your wife for being so kind and allowing a picture of her son on the Mark Twain. It really meant a lot. Do you think they will ever bring back Jingle Cruise? Uh I will let her know. Thank you. And I'm sure she So, or Liz is very nice. She's very nice like that. Uh no, I do not think they'll ever bring back Jingle Cruise. The issue basically is that that they're they don't want to have three attractions Oh, I remember. That's what it is. I remember one day I was trying to remember. I knew why. I was told why. And that's it. They don't want to have They don't want to have three attractions to have to manage uh you know, a a reskin you know, during the holiday season. They've already It's already uh kind of complicated enough with Small World and and Haunted Mansion. So, they don't want to They don't want to uh add a third one to that. CBCJR gifted 20 bucks. Thank you. Was the bucket put back in its place? No. Last footage you showed, the bucket was blown over and laying on its side. That's where it still is. I Again, I forgot again. I forgot again this week. I shot it, but I forgot to because I'm doing some stuff with the way the way I organize the videos and how I you know, present them in the video that I forget I sometimes forget clips. I didn't even show Avengers Campus. There's no Avengers Campus in the last construction report. Nobody noticed. Nobody Why does nobody care about Avengers campus? Anybody? Anyone? Why does nobody care about Avengers Infinity Defense? Like literally, nobody cares. There's There's the least interesting I put If I put Avengers I stopped putting Avengers on my thumbnails and making that the title or you know, even talking about it. It's at the back end of my show now. I put it at the back of the construction reports almost every time. Nobody cares. Uh Evan gifted 20 bucks. Thank you very much. Saw you last week but couldn't catch up to say hi and then I lost you. So I'll say hi now. Hi Evan. I'm sorry. I move around quickly in the parks. I'm quite brisk in my movements. Uh I you know, I bob and weave throughout through the crowds and I definitely uh have a have a you know, what I walk with a purpose when I'm in Disneyland. I definitely do not stroll around most times. You know, I'm just going to do something crazy. I'm just going to say something outlandish in the next thumbnail in the next title. Something crazy with the Avengers campus situation and see if it gets any interest. Michael Sullivan says because we can't really see a dang bit of Avengers campus construction. Well, that's true. That is darn true. There's There's been no pool. No super collider. No fort. No Mount Spielberg. We tried with the We tried There was the There was the uh uh Mount Downey and Mount Downey Jr. Do you guys remember that? That didn't get any kind of traction. Nobody cared about Mount Downey and Mount Downey Jr. >> [laughter] >> So uh maybe that's it. I don't know. It's just a big box. That's why I don't like box rides. Uh Hidden Geek Village gifted 5 dollars. Thank you. Outside of Oogie Boogie Bash, what all does Disneyland have to offer during Halloween? Uh decorations, you know, funny pumpkins, um food, uh the Halloween uh you know, uh what do you call it? Nightmare Before Christmas overlay uh and uh take care. Everybody say hi to Miss Kelly Marie who has joined. She's a member of uh of of of our membership program on YouTube here. Thanks, Miss Kelly. Neil gifted 5 dollars. Thank you, Neil. Will the expansion of Avengers campus include any more dining or bars or will it just be two rides? Great question. I don't think there's going to be new food though. I think it's just the two rides. There might No, they have it There's a gift shop right there, too. No, I think it's I think that's it. Just the rides. Oh, yeah. Halloween fireworks. Forgot about that. And those are available to everybody. They are not like the the Halloween parade at at Oogie Boogie is not available to everybody. It's available only to those who are going to Oogie Boogie. Oh, well, and the new bathroom but that's not part of that's a separate construction job but yes. Brian says they changed the layout of Tiana's Pooh store. Uh >> [clears throat] >> the Tiana side has a mix of Pooh and Tiana merch and all the plushes got moved that middle section. Now, the plushes have been in the middle for a while. That's still technically uh Pooh corner. But I noticed that the last time I passed through uh what is it called? What's it What's his name? I can't remember the name of the damn shop. The alligator guy. Or the crocodile. What is he? Is it crocodile or an alligator? I don't I don't know gators. Louis. Louis's Is it what's it Louis's Critter Club? Is it Critter Club? No, not Ray's Breaux's. Louis's Critter Club? He's an alligator. Okay. Uh Critter Club. Okay. If you go into Louis's Critter Club there's Pooh merchandise in there. Now, the reason why that's interesting is because the going theory is that they changed Splash to Tiana's for merchandise reasons. Because uh Well, that doesn't make any sense cuz Pooh sells a lot of merch. I mean, well, because you can sell more you can sell more Princess and the Frog merch than you can Spl- Splash Mountain merch didn't move. Period. There wasn't There was none basically. If they got any anything it was like a shock. Oh my god, there's Splash merch. Disney was actually afraid, I think, to put Splash on merch. Uh So they they said, "Okay, well, it it'll make more money." But it's not doing as well as even Winnie the Winnie the Pooh merch is selling better in the in the in the Tiana shop than Tiana's merch is. Is that what we're going with? I mean, that's fascinating. Don't you think? That's pretty fascinating. Yeah, I Well, okay. So, I see what people are saying there. I'm not I'm not even going to get into that because that's a little bit more political than I want to be. But I will say this. Uh Disney's never going to you know, nobody's ever going to say if you were to ask Disney, the reason it's going to be merchandise is what I'm the point I'm making. Is that if you were to ask Disney and if they were to going to answer, they would say, "Well, you know, Princess and the Frog meets a bit different demographic and it has better opportunity to reach more people and sell more merchandise, etc." But they have all the merch in Pooh's corner. Does it make sense to it being No, it doesn't at all. It doesn't at all. Um and I hate it. >> [laughter] >> I hate it but uh for what it's worth, they I mean, that used to be Pooh merch through the whole thing. That whole thing used to be Pooh merch only and it was bonkers in there always. JB Might Master Photo gifted 5 dollars. Thank you. Thank you for being a member, JB. Did Rancho del Zocalo really Oh, shoot. Somebody brought that up in my last Okay, I got to I don't know how to do this. In my last or our our last live stream, somebody brought that up and I was I was supposed to check that out on the construction. I got to do that tomorrow. You guys, how am I going to remember that? I don't I don't have anything to There I am. I set a reminder on your phone. >> [laughter] >> That's what I'm shooting with. I'm shooting on the phone right now. >> [laughter] [gasps] >> Uh let's see. Yeah, Michael, I I hope not. Imagine grab and go at Rancho. Like some of the decisions they make Let me Can I Can we go ahead and do one of these things? I'm going to do one of those things right now. Some of these decisions that these freaking people make at the Disney company that are in the offices who don't even set foot in the brand damn park are These decisions that they make are absolutely positively so dis- distanced from reality in Disneyland. They They are almost offensive to the history of the park, to the quality of the park, some of the the the intent the the intent that when they built something like Rancho and Golden Horseshoe uh and the plaza the Those things were built to be a certain kind of way. And to go and to put to put grab and go food and I hope to god this isn't true. I hope to god this isn't true because I will lose my effing mind if that ever happens. I swear I will lose my It's like when they put merch. Remember when they put merch in the Main Street uh cinema? Now, I agree. Nobody goes in the Main Street cinema unless they're hot or they're cold or they're tired. They don't go to watch the videos. They don't. I I'm going to give you that but I don't give a Okay? >> [laughter] >> You do not put merch in the Main Street cinema. Okay? >> [laughter] >> Because that's just a middle finger to Walt Disney. That's a damn middle finger to Walt Disney. It's saying, "I don't care about any of that. I want to make money, bitches." All right? That's what that says and it's so damn obvious. It's so damn transparent. And so when you try to you try to put a square peg in the Rancho del Zocalo round hole by putting grab and go food in there, you can just go pound sand. It makes me irate when I see things like that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Where Where was I? >> [laughter] [sighs] >> I'm done. Ask me another question. Give me I need to be distracted. Three ads to be before I was allowed to watch the stream. I I apologize. I am a working man. >> [laughter] >> I am a working man. I just went on a rant. I just went on a rant about the the audacity of trying to make money and here I'm like, "Watch three ads before you can watch this live stream." I get it. >> [laughter] >> I get it. But then again, there's no sanctity in this live stream. This isn't hallowed grounds that we're on. >> [laughter] >> Okay, somebody said I missed a live I missed a chat. Uh Theo Theodore Theodore Toth, I'm going to go with Theodore Toth. Uh did you see Brickey's vlog today? He is saying Coco might be way smaller than we think. What are your thoughts? Well, no, I well he may be right in terms of some other people's opinions. It's not going to be smaller than I thought. It's a ride. All of their building back there is a ride and that's it. People are like somebody asked me last week, is this a land? No, it's not a land. Not everything is supposed to They were saying the same thing about Galaxy's Edge. Oh my god, there's only you know, they're not making it big enough. Well, it's just a land. It's Galaxy's Edge is just a land. It wasn't it's not supposed to be a park. It's just a land. Uh so yeah, I I Coco I I I think I'm expecting Pirates level to be honest. I'd be great if we got something I think it'd be great if we got something like uh you know, the Three Caballeros ride in Epcot. You know, that'd be fine. I would I would I would be thrilled with that. I don't know if that's going to be bigger or small. There's not a lot of space back there, you guys. There's not a lot of space back there. That's why I have to clear all that stuff out. So I got to catch up now because of the rant. Uh Remember Bluey. Thank you. >> [laughter] >> Uh okay, thank you to Brian Lands Lan Lansingin. Is that like John Coctostan? Uh gave the two bucks, thank you. Have you seen the new FuelRod machines? No, I use a brick now. Uh I've got the brick. So I Thank god. I got so frustrated with uh FuelRods cuz I would I was constantly forgetting them. So I had to keep buying new ones. Um and they I did They they changed They changed the uh USB connector. So it did I had to get a I had to get an an adapter in order to make it work. So then it slowed down. It cut the charge time in half. And that's when I'm like, "Screw this." Plus I had to carry around four of them. You know, >> [laughter] >> Well, I guess I could keep flipping them, but I don't want to keep flipping them. I could I go through two or I would go through two or three FuelRods a day when I was in the park. Then I found this brick. This thing lasts This thing will last three days. This brick does. It lasts three days. Uh okay, let me see here. Uh Melissa uh Melissa Harper gifted five dollars, thank you. Finally made it to my first live. I'm in Australia and time difference makes it hard. I get that. I have been trying to buy your merch. Is there a way to ship to Oz? Unfortunately, no. I I don't know how how far off the solution is, but the the place that we went to that we we we left uh whatever print shop we were at before because they suck. They're terrible. Uh now the but the new one doesn't ship internationally and we don't I we have not yet been able to figure out an alternative for that. We're trying. We're you know, meditating on that. We're trying to figure you know, it's uh solutions out, but no, uh we right now we can't ship internationally. The new machines have large FuelRods going to go out of business. I'm telling you, they're going to go out of business. This this world is not long for FuelRods. Something is going to change and I think it's just going to go away. Thanks, Michael. Yes, I am >> [laughter] >> trying to I haven't I haven't uh I still have not had a soda. For those of you following along on our membership videos. I've been doing a lot of videos almost daily uh on memberships and on Patreon chronically of of great many things, but one of the things we've been talking about is my water consumption. I have not had a soda in maybe two weeks now. I think it's been two weeks. So we're almost there on that 21-day thing or whatever it is. Did somebody say that I missed two chats? Let me go back. There's Oz, FuelRods, Nate gifted two bucks. He says, "Hit the like button." Thank you, Nate. Christina Gonzalez gifted five dollars, thank you. How is the weather at the end of June, the beginning of July and how are the crowds? Here uh June has been very mild both weather-wise and uh crowd-wise the last couple years post-COVID. Now, spring has been insanely hot. So I don't know if that's going to carry over into June, but normally you don't see that you don't We don't even We don't normally would get uh temperatures in the 80s even up until late July. I I would say, you know, high 70s is is pretty common in June. What are your thoughts about OC Vibe? I don't know anything about it. What I all I see is the construction of the parking structure off the 57? 57? But I don't know um anything else that's going on there. Julie gifted two bucks, thank you. How will the 4th of July crowds be? 4th of July is actually a great day to go to the park right up until dark. If you're looking for a light crowd day, 4th of July is a breeze. It's dead. Dead. Nobody should But then they show up 4:00, 5:00, 6:00 in the evening. Any chance Tomorrowland gets refurbished before we die? I don't know, Dirty Dad. How long will you live? Let me know how long you're going to live and then I'll try to answer that for you. Uh Corey, if you're away from soda long enough, it'll taste gross. It tastes weird and syrupy. Can't do it anymore. You know, I noticed that about Del Taco. Don't at me. But I had It had been a little while before >> [laughter] [laughter] [snorts] >> Okay, sorry. I'm laughing at your your reactions. I It had been a while since I've had Del Taco and then I went uh last Wednesday and it it went down like terrible It went down badly. It went down very very badly. And I I felt sick for the rest of the day. And I haven't had it since either. I just laughed at you subscribers. >> [laughter] >> I know that I know that you and I we've all bonded over Del Taco and their crinkle cut fries and their amazing cheeseburger uh and the and the red burrito. But there could be hope still. We'll see. But actually I'm trying to work on my health a little bit. Uh I'm trying to live longer. So there's that. The burritos have changed and not for the better. I mean I would It's garbage. I know it's garbage. I know it is. So how can you how can it they make it worse than garbage? Corey LeBlanc, what's wrong with the new mini taco salads at Del or Taco Bell? When are they going to change over Smugglers Run to add The Mandalorian? We know exactly when, actually, Labor Day. On Labor Day uh it'll it'll happen. Where is all the specialty churros? Great question, Victoria. I don't know. I thought we would get some in January. We didn't get any in January. We didn't get any for Food &amp; Wine Festival. I don't know. Are they out of the specialty churro business? It seems like they might be. Is that something to talk about? I have all these small ideas for videos. And I that I want to make, but I don't know where to put them. Cuz that that that doesn't rise that doesn't rise to uh like a a proper FreshBaked video, but I I got I want to make that video. I don't know how How do I tell that How do I have that conversation? I think the specialty churros was a fleeting No, that was not fleeting at all. They would they would That was happening God, that goes back to rose gold. You guys remember rose gold? We had this conversation. When was rose gold? What year was rose gold? Anyone? Anyone? Bueller? Yeah, maybe presents. I don't know. Maybe. >> 2016, so 10 years, 9 years? Right? I mean no, 10 years almost. With >> [laughter] >> Okay, guys you guys come on. 216, 17, and 18. So, you know what? Okay, are we just counting down the years now? Theodore Toth gifted two bucks, thank you. Any info on the Steak and Bourbon Place? None. None. Uh I'm assuming now at this point it's issues with permits or something like that. Uh no, yeah. Uh Disney does not own the overseas parks. I don't think they own Paris either. It's just a license. Uh Dennis gifted five dollars, thank you. I'm just tipping you for using paper and pen. I love it. I'm a paper and pen guy. Uh I keep a journal with paper and pen. I mean I do I do use AI and stuff also, so I'm not exactly, you know, Mr. Retro or anything like that, but I do like to write and I do like to read books. >> [laughter] >> Uh how about Gordon Ramsay's restaurant? Yeah, I think that's going to be open in in the summer. I think that's going to be it. I think we're just a couple months away from that. They do own Paris? Okay. Wait, are you sure all of it? The whole thing? That's right, because I did I think we went over there and built it, right? Tony Baxter, etc. Cursive or print? I print. I do print. I can't write cursive. I haven't written cursive in 100 years, but they don't even teach that anymore. They don't even Oh, they So, they didn't own it and now they do. I think I remember that. I think that was an Eisner I mean that was a Iger thing, wasn't it? Uh Ottoman Empire gifted five dollars, thank you. How long is the wait for Oga's Cantina? No, it's the same. It's the same. It's maybe even quicker, I would say. I've never tested it. Where was I? >> [laughter] >> Uh MD Productions gifted two bucks, thank you. Uh why doesn't Disney reopen Steakhouse 55? Do you There's another restaurant there now. They remodeled it. >> [laughter] >> I don't know how you It's gone. It's [laughter] not coming back. Disneyland Paris looks really cool, especially the new Frozen world. Disneyland Paris Uh the the Disneyland Paris the proper park is amazing. It's a beautiful park. The the Hollywood park is ass. It's terrible, but it's significantly better now that they've added Frozen and they're going to be adding Lion King, right? That's Paris, right? Not the Paris park though. It's not the Disney It's not the castle park. It's the Hollywood park, right? I don't know why I'm doing this. But it's Frozen and then Lion King, right? Have I done the March challenge? Yeah, it was the Food and Wine. Uh this April is uh Our April challenge is every opening day attraction. How fast a speed run? How fast can we do every opening day attraction? And actually, I'd be interested to hear some strategy uh ideas on that, because that's a tough one. There's like still 10 or 12 attractions. Um and I remember it took me half a day. Last time I did it, it took me like well, not half a day. I I till noon or something. It took like five or six hours. Uh no, I do not think I'll be doing Boysenberry Festival. I I kind of I thought about it. I hemmed and hawed, and by the time that I realized uh that I might want to go, it was too late. Um it's only been out a week now, and uh I'm leaving for Florida in two days, so by the time I get back, it'll be definitely over. Folly Emery gifted two bucks, thank you. Best way to maximize time, rope drop or closing? Uh rides? To to you know, like we're just talking about like two hours, the opening day or or rope drop versus closing, two hours? Um it's about the same. It's about the same. Uh I've done What did I do? The last one I did, theoretically, I I did seven attractions, seven E-tickets. I did seven E-tickets the last rope drop I did. Uh I don't think I've done seven for the last two hours. So, no, probably rope drop is probably a little bit easier. A little bit, you know, you get more done, I think at rope drop. The issue is especially is true uh if they're not closing at midnight. If they close the park at midnight, you might have a battle there. You might have where a possibility you could do six six or seven attractions, because people It's just It's too easy to to make it to closing at 9:00. If the park closes at 11:00 and and so you have to start your two-hour window at 9:00, park is still pretty busy at 9:00. It's still Trust me, I just did it. I was there last night. Guys, I did an amazing Oh my god, we're going to have so much fun in this video tomorrow. Uh I did a closing both parks video last night. I shot that. For those of you who are members or are on Patreon, you know this already. Hello, guys. I you saw me do a little pep talk in uh you know, getting ready uh for the for that shoot yesterday. But uh we had an amazing night. We had an amazing night. It started off like crap, so >> [laughter] >> be patient. The first 10 minutes uh the first 10 minutes or so, it's a little rough, but then it was it was such a breeze. Michael, I still call it Tom Sawyer Island, too. Well, technically, Michael, it is still Tom Sawyer Island. Is that not what they call it on the website? Do they not call it that? It is still Tom Sawyer Island. But Tom Sawyer put a sign over there, and he put, you know, he it's now, you know, Pirate's Lair, but if you look underneath that sign, it still says Tom Sawyer Island. I still think it is Tom Sawyer Island. JB Master Photo gifted five dollars, thank you. Sadly, special nights are getting worse, but the best I night I can remember was the Haunted Mansion 50th. Uh did you do that one? Yes, I did. Now, that was pretty great. But uh but that's because it wasn't exactly the same as these other events. It was just the Haunted Mansion. So, you could get everything done in two hours. Everything that they put or made available for that night was possible to do. Everything, because it was just the Haunted Mansion. But they've got stuff all over the park, and they've got meet and greets and food, and you got to pick one. Or if you want to go on rides, you got to pick one. I missed the chat. JB Folly Stone Pack gifted five dollars, thank you. You hear that Disney will be using AI narrator on the monorail at Disneyland to cut the workload. Apparently, cast is testing for it on 312. I What workload? Oh, you mean the the pilot? I don't think it doesn't have to be AI. They could just have him one They could have the dude record one voice and then just play it. Um but I get that. I mean, it's I get that. It's fine. It's kind of like with the you know, the the the spiel that they do for the King Arthur's Carousel. That used to be done by a cast member, but now it's done it's a tape now. I don't know if it's AI or not. Uh I mean, I suppose it could be. But it But it's not necessary to do that. They don't I mean, it Uh just have what just have just have any random dude just record it. >> [laughter] >> It That's not complicated. I would do it. I just give me Send me a mic, and I'll do it. For free. I hear Shanghai is getting an Epcot-inspired second gate. Rumor has it. I think that's based on some concept art that was I saw it on social, but I didn't I didn't look too closely at it, so I don't know how accurate that is. Uh but that'd be cool for them. That'd be cool for them. LU Dude, uh hey David, you remember your member vids have been so nice to watch. Thank you. I had no idea you were a golfer. Yes, indeed. What handicap do you play? I don't have a handicap anymore. I don't play hardly much anymore. I If I had one, I'm probably 12, maybe? 10 or a 12. I was scratch when I In my day, in my 20s, I was a scratch golfer, but I, you know, um women, kids, jobs have all gotten in the way. >> [laughter] >> They did bring back Red Guardian. I I ran into him the other day at State of DCA. It was awesome. Thanks to Alyssa Harmon. Hey, she just chimed in as being a member. Thanks, Melissa. Did you just join because you were already on? You were already on this chat a minute ago, weren't you? Hopper thoughts? It was fine. I liked it. It was good. It's not, you know, it wasn't good as even Zootopia 2. It had like a lot of it I'm just like, come on. That shark thing was stupid. Um the the the technologies thing it just got a little too carried away. Uh but I mean it was a cute message, whatever. It was fine. What's your go-to ride at rope drop? Sheila JW does not watch Fresh Baked. [laughter] Sheila, welcome to Fresh Baked. Thank you for joining the program, but you you've revealed yourself. >> [laughter] >> Anybody want to tell Sheila what my go-to ride is uh for a rope drop? >> [laughter] >> I'm just I'm just teasing you, Sheila. Everybody's new at one point. >> [laughter] >> Well, Sheila, then you haven't watched our rope drop videos. [laughter] I do a rope drop video once a month it seems like. >> [laughter] >> And there's no mistaking. Uh Sean Sean for penis gifted two bucks, thank you. Electronica DCA was my favorite. Uh that was pretty great. I do love that. I did love Anyway, I'm sorry. I don't mean to pick on you, Sheila, obviously. Uh but yeah, Space Mountain is my go-to ride. >> [snorts] >> All right, where was I? Unless I'm doing Fantasyland opening. Uh well, yeah, if you're if you're starting in Fantasyland then there you have no choice. There is There is no other choice unless you don't want to ride Peter Pan ever. Or I should I should Let me rephrase that. Actually, no. I I meant in terms of doing the Fantasyland challenge. But I I maintain that if you're even 5 minutes late for rope drop, if you show up at 8:05, if you show up at 8:02 and try to rope drop Peter Pan, you might as well just wait till noon. Well >> [laughter] >> Uh Waking Dawn Wellness, I may be revealing myself, but do you guys do you have a strategy uh for Rise? I do exactly have a strategy for Rise, indeed. Uh I do not rope drop Rise. Uh for the for similar reasons than uh I for for for Peter Pan. I do Rise third. Uh I I Well, 9:00. Whatever you can get done until 9:00. That I I I wait till 9:00 before I hit Rise if I'm if my plan is to try to hit Rise during that rope drop morning. Uh Anthony get the $5, thank you. Would you ever consider doing fan interviews in the parks as a segment or its own show? You and a Fresh Baked fan on a bench for a few minutes. Uh probably not if if only because that's super awkward for me. I'm a weirdo and I I'm um I'm I'm I'm socially awkward. And it would be I'm very difficult around strangers. I I I like I I It's hard to explain. Yeah, I mean uh So it would just it would just it wouldn't come off very natural, I guess, is all I'm saying. There are occasions when when fans will show up in the video and I'll start talking to them. And if it's like natural and organic, then yeah, it it goes fine. But having an arranged or I can't do interviews of any kind, really. Um You know, people say, "Why don't you do interview this guy or that guy?" And I'm like, I'm just not just not It's just not my thing, man. I don't know how to do it. I don't know what to ask. Uh I'm not very uh you know, like smooth in that sense, so I'm just a weirdo. I can't do it. I can't do it. CVCJR, there's a fountain in the Haunted Mansion queue that used to be out in the area between Haunted Mansion and Tiana's Palace. That would be Magnolia Park. Will that fountain ever have water? Uh no. Uh and I think that's because it's not even connected to a water source. I think it's just an ornament now. It's not plugged in or anything like that. I don't know I remember hearing that somewhere and I can't remember from how or when, but it's not even it's not even connected to a water source. Uh Walk on Wanderers, you were awesome on Four Your Amusement. You can totally do an interview sort of. I was the one being interviewed though. It wasn't the other way around. This I'm I'm being asked to interview somebody else. That's why I don't have a podcast. That's one of the main reasons why I don't have a podcast. I I mean, the first reason is I don't have the time, but uh the second one is I I don't I I would suck as an interviewer. I'm absolutely dreadful. I don't know what to do. I'd be like, "Isn't that cool? And if you love Galaxy's Edge, it's cool, right?" >> [laughter] [snorts] >> Stone Pack, it is connected to a water source. I've seen the plot document for the I I I I would defer to you if that's if that is uh what's true. I'm just telling you what I heard. So I I heard wrong then. If that's if if you're I mean, now I can say I heard it from you. Now I got to ask. >> [laughter] >> Who's right? I don't know. >> [clears throat] >> Have you met or talked to Josh before? Just uh on Galaxy's Edge opening day. He was roaming around talking to guests and I think I shared a few words with him. Nothing you know, consequential. Yeah. Miss Kelly Marie, they said it wasn't in the budget to hook Well, so okay, so maybe I'm half right. To hook water up to that fountain. It was an interview with That doesn't make any sense though. I remember reading that. I remember reading that and I remember thinking I call BS. Because that's got to cost about 10 bucks. Like how much could that possibly cost? Honestly, how much could it cost to turn the water on? To connect it to water and turn it on. How much could that cost? It can't be a cost issue. I mean, it it can't be a water conservation issue either. That doesn't make any sense. Where was I? I mean, there's more There's more water in the exit queue at Tiana's. There's There's more water There's a constant stream of water in uh the when you get out of your boat and you when you're like you're going around those stairs and you have to go out the ramp. There's water all over the place. Like, if that's not a problem for them, then how could that stupid fountain be a problem? Water is life. And so are trees. David, did you see the new photos of the Splash Mountain bots? I don't Water evaporates. It's usually hot. Well, we should close Grizzly River Run then. Let's close Grizzly River Run because water evaporates. Not water is power and pump. Like Well, okay, that's still though. How much could that cost? There's a thousand things in the park that require a water or power and pump. There's a thousand things that they do. Why why this one? Why that fountain? Well, I know what you mean. >> [laughter] >> I I was joking. It was Of course So I thought my sense of humor is very dry. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, I I'm just being like, you know, uh whatever you call it, facetious, I guess. I'm not sure if that's the right word or not. >> If you went to Disneyland once a year, what month would you come for the least amount of crowds? June. Is it time to Is it 8:00? Oh, damn, it is. And I am Well, Enrique Perez, you're kind of salty today. It depends on the days you catch me. Uh I'm salty by nature. It just doesn't always come out in the videos or live streams. But this is This you're actually getting a very a very normal David tonight. This is standard. >> [laughter] [gasps] >> Uh like if I'm feeling like Humphrey right, I'm not even I haven't even had anything to drink today. So, uh yeah, um that's it, guys. Great show. Thank you. I love you, guys. We'll see you tomorrow. Look out for that uh closing both parks video tomorrow. And uh again, if you have a chance to, you know, check look us up on Patreon and members for uh those daily vlogs or daily-ish. I didn't shoot anything today. Sorry, guys. Uh daily-ish vlogs and uh take care. I love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Respect.
