---
video_id: 7UaTiGL1Gu0
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Where is everyone?! Disneyland is Dead! | State of Disneyland 2026-02-02"
published: 2026-02-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UaTiGL1Gu0
---
Holy smokes. I am absolutely gobsmacked. This is unbelievable. I was not prepared for what we found at Disneyland today. What started out as a routine, slowish day in February turned into something much more than that. Join me as I show you just what I mean. Plus some new food, some park signs. It's our State of Disneyland report and this is FreshBaked. >> Let's go fresh baked. stay in Disneyland. This report coming to you from Main Street Disneyland on a Monday afternoon at 11:49 late morning, I guess. 71° out, an absolutely beautiful day. The Santa Anas have cleared through here, cleared the skies in this county, dried everything up, and provided some really wonderful weather. Uh today it was hot as heck the last couple of days. Uh but it's it's actually quite nice today, the way it should be on a February afternoon. And this is the current state of Main Street Disneyland. And I want to thank you guys for joining us on this report. This is our state of Disneyland report. If you're new to the show or new to the format, we're going to take you on a complete tour around the entire park, every single land, every attraction. We're going to spend well over an hour, I'm sure, covering everything there is to know and see about the Disneyland Resort, about Disneyland, and that's where we're going to be going. Uh we're going to be talking about what's new and there is some really interesting newsworthy stuff happening around the park today. Uh we're hopefully going to get something to eat and uh do a little a little park science, a little Q mat. Uh do some go no goes and check out these check out the crowds in the cues. Hi guys, how are you? I actually don't have to go very far. There's news right here on Main Street Disneyland. Paint the Night has returned. Oh my gosh, how glorious. Paint the Night, the single greatest nighttime spectacular that Disney has ever produced in my opinion. Uh Paint the Night is back and it'll be here for the remainder I I would assume of for the uh 70th 70th anniversary celebrations. They celebrate happy. Uh so you'll be able to catch Paint the Night here on Main Street probably through summer is my estimation. And those shows are back two nights or two shows nightly. Paint the night appears. In fact, I'll be here in the park on Wednesday shooting a Paint the Night video. That and probably some other fun stuff. We love doing our night runs here. So stay tuned for that. Also, if you haven't seen it already, which I'm not sure if that video is out yet. We did another closing the park video. Had a We had a great night, you guys. I hope you check that video out as well. Uh but paint the night back on Main Street, back on the parade corridor here at Disneyland. I could not be happier. As I mentioned, that's just my it's my favorite thing. It's my absolute favorite thing to do at Disneyland is to watch that show. So, that's Main Street. We'll press on further into the park. Uh crowds are a little lightish, I would say, right now, although that should be expected. It is a it is a Monday in February, although we are kind of approaching perhaps my favorite time of year, and that's springtime at Disneyland. And I it is one of my favorite seasons because of the peak trumpet tree that starts to blossom here uh in the spring. Although it's it looks like it's actually almost here. It's we're we're in February. The tree is starting to show some color uh in about a month or so. That hub is going to be absolutely beautiful and we're going to be like, "Oh my gosh, this place is a dream." I love Disneyland in the spring. Bark isn't any more beautiful any more beautiful than springtime. Now, you can talk about uh the the Halloween season or the Christmas season and what they do with decorations and all that, but the park itself in its natural organic state is not any more beautiful than it is during springtime. I can't wait. Really looking forward to that. And we'll take our first foray into our first land, our first attraction. How's it going, guys? Uh Adventure Land it is. And it actually again feels kind of light here. Kind of light. I gota You got to love it, right though? You got to love it. Definitely looking light in here. All kinds of room up in here. I mean, it looks it looks it looks intense. I I I agree. But it's this is actually nothing for Adventureland. You especially when you get around these pinch points. I'm going to be really curious to see what uh I heard that. Hi guys. I'm really curious to see what our first attraction is going to look like. Obviously, that is Jungle Cruise. And oh my gosh, I'm looking up and not only is the right side empty, but the left side is empty as well. How is this even? Well, I mean, it is man 5 minutes right now. Junga Cruz is 5 minutes. He's agreeing. What are you doing? It's it's a come a five minute wait for the Jungle Cruise. There's no no analysis needed. Just get in that right. Look at that. 30 minutes. 30 minutes for Indiana Jones and the Temple of We got to go look and see if that queue looks right. I mean, again, it's a little congested in here right here at the the entrance. We do have a queue forming for Lightning Lane. That's not good. I don't like seeing that queue there. So, that's going to probably put a dent in the standby wait time. We'll go take a look. Always check the back of the queue. Just take a few minutes. >> Not even a few minutes. You can do it in a minute. I It takes me a few minutes cuz I jibber jabber. You don't have to jibber jabber. You can just look. Doing our best. A lot of people leaving right now, too. Oh my gosh. Look it. Look it. Look it. They're just walking right in. Oh my gosh. Wow, what an incredible discount. That's not even 30 minutes, you guys. The almost the entirety of this exterior queue, the outside queue is empty. You're those guests are going past the the last set of uh oelisks there. You got maybe maybe 3 or 4 minutes of the ramp. 5 minutes. And by the way, if you're in Lightning Lane, that's all you're saving is that ramp and these guests right here. That's who you're beating. It's about five minutes worth of guests. I mean, I get it. You bought Lightning Lane. You might as well use it, but maybe find a a busier time. Maybe use this opportunity to go ride something else. Space Mountain or Runaway Railway or something that you I don't know. But there's obviously there's absolutely better opportunities or I should say uh well there probably will be more time-saving opportunities for Indiana Jones. Wait till it hits 45 or 60 or something like that when the park gets busier. If it does, maybe you don't even need Lightning Lane today on a day like this. Which, by the way, congratulations to those guests who chose to come to the park on this February Monday because you have chosen very, very wisely. It's uh 150 bucks I think for the ticket today. It's it's uh I don't know what tier that is off the top of my head, but 14 150 149. Uh the reservations available, single day. Uh the 3-day SoCal ticket and Magic Keys are all available and you're getting the park in an absolutely wonderful state right now. So far, it's completely wide open. Uh the weather is perfect. You aren't missing any. The only thing you're missing is, you know, some sort of holiday decor. But, and I got to tell you, I'm really loving the start to this February day. Make a plan to go to Disneyland in February, you guys. What about pirates? I'm expecting this to be a virtual walk-on as well. There's no queue. There's absolutely no queue. They're calling it 15, but it's not. Uh, nothing on the bridge up top. Nothing over here in that extended section. It's just the guests are just walking right in and they're not even using Hi, how are you? >> Thank you. Thank you very much. >> Uh they're only using it looks like maybe half of the queue down there. This might wind up being the easiest state of Disney report we've ever done. We're just breezing through this park. Three attractions in and we're we haven't even been shooting for maybe 10 minutes which is good though because we're going to need that extra time because we've got a developing story as you may or may not have heard. Guests who park at the Toy Story parking lot in about two months are no longer going to have those Toy Story buses available to them. The Toy Story buses are closing on April 1st. Let's talk about it. So, yeah, we did a whole we did a whole report on this on our Fresh Bake Presents channel at the desk covering it in in quite a bit of detail. We'll try to summarize those thoughts behind us. That's Toy Story. Uh that's the that's the pickup spot for the Toy Story buses operated run by uh Anaheim Rapid Transit Art. Now these buses are not Disney. They they operate strictly between here and the park. It just it's a it's a round trip. Uh but it's part of a bigger operation. The art buses are and Disney contracts with them. They contracted with with Art to provide these buses for guests parking here at the Toy Story parking lot. On March 31st, the last bus will leave here. The last art bus will leave this station. And if there's no plan B, if there's no alternative uh arrived at in within now and the next two months, all those guests that are getting on those buses right now are going to be doing what I'm doing right now, and that's walking it into the park. As a matter of fact, we'll get a clock going to figure out how long that walk is. from the drop off area there or the pickup area to the front gate of Disneyland. Uh this is not this this lot was not designed to be walked in from. I'll say that at the outset. Some walks at the Disneyland Resort are intentional. Some are not. Uh we are very disconnected from the actual Disneyland Resort. uh at least relatively speaking um within the context of a of a very metro city here. Um there's a lot of real estate between this lot and the entrance that is decidedly not Disneyland specifically that intersection of Harbor and Catella. Uh it's, you know, it's not this is not a this is not a route that Disney I don't think particularly wants guests to be taking. Uh I do it because it's actually quicker. It's quicker than taking the bus. Uh especially on a busy day, you know, uh you know, you you could be waiting for quite a while just to get on the bus and then it's about a 10 or 15 minute drive to get to the front gate, maybe 10 minutes. Um and uh so I prefer I prefer to walk when I when I'm when I can. Uh and it's about a mile the total distance. Little bit over three minutes so far just to get to Harbor Boulevard out here. There's the Anaheim Convention Center and then we'll be turning right and up Harbor Boulevard towards Disneyland. Uh and this is what I'm talking about in terms of the Disneyland aesthetic. Uh this is not we're in a you know major metropolitan a major thoroughfare here. Harbor Boulevard is one of the busiest streets you'll find in Orange County. Uh especially as we approach the park. So, it's not so much for me in terms of whether or not, you know, Disney wants you to do this. It's not so much for me about the the distance as it is the environment that they're having guests walk in. And again, this is going to be a result of the Toy Story buses ending on March 31st, April 1st. If there is no alternative ready, everybody who parks at that lot is going to do that. Now, will people still park there? I mean, I probably not actually. This could put a lot of pressure on uh it could put a lot of pressure on Uber andyft, which we're going to show you what that's going to look like here when we get to the park. But it's also going to put a lot of pressure on the Mickey and Friends parking structure. And there are already days in which Disney will divert traffic from Mickey and Friends or Pixar Pals and send them here if they feel like it's too busy. So I feel I mean maybe one of the options is just damn close the Toy Story lot. Uh I don't know if I don't know if Mickey and Friends and Pixar pals can handle all of that extra overflow traffic. That's going to be one of the possible alternatives. As a matter of fact, that's not even something I discussed in our video on Fresh Bake Presents um because I just assumed people were going to keep parking here. But that is that is an outside possibility. Just shy of 7 minutes total to get to or as we approach Harbor and Canella. And this is that the key intersection that I referenced earlier that as you can see is not exactly magical. I'm not feeling Disney magic as I as I make this walk into the park. Uh, but it is it is an absolute alternative, especially for those guests who are staying at these hotels here. All these hotels, I would highly recommend you walk it in as opposed to trying to walk over to the Toy Story bus and then take that in. You absolutely should be, if you're staying at the Hyatt, should be walking in. And this right here, this this intersection is a real doozy. No doubt about it. Disney wants an alternative to this. They they absolutely do not want to ask guests to make this trek from the Toy Story lot to the park. And that's 9 minutes to get from Toy Story to that intersection of Harbor and Catella. And we're actually on the other side of the street, which means we don't have another intersection to cross. You could cross up there also, whereas we crossed here at Catella. Now, I said before that uh I highly recommend that any of the hotel guests staying here on Harbor walk it in as we're doing right now as opposed to taking or walking it into Toy Story. That's a times that you uh you don't really save any footsteps. You don't save a lot of time by doing that. But the reason why, you know, Disney wants you doesn't want you to do it. They I guess they don't have a choice. If you're staying here at the candy cane in, you know, you don't have a choice. You kind of have to do that. You don't have a choice. If you Toy Story is run and operated, that lot is by Disney. They're not operating the specific buses. They don't they don't actually control the buses or or provide the the the the labor for that, but it is a Disney. So, they want they want that experience to be as Disney as possible, even if it's a disconnected Toy Story lot like that. Now, if there is no solution, if there's no third party provided, let's say, uh, for buses at the Toy Story lot, and they and all those guests are in fact forced to walk in, this path that we're on is going to be heavily heavily trafficked by who I can't even guess how many thousands of guests will be making this trip, you know, and I don't I just I I can't even imagine it. It is almost apocalyptic when I think about it. Assuming that is that or if everybody who is parking today at Toy Story continues to park there. But again, it is very likely that a healthy percentage of those Toy Story guests are going to wind up parking at Mickey and Friends. But that doesn't answer the whole problem. That doesn't solve the whole issue uh with the art system in general. the actual largest, you know, the or the larger complete Anaheim Rapid Transit, I think that's the name of it, right? That business is out of business. And that means that that means lines that are they serve outside of Toy Story from other hotels, from other destinations around or other locations around the resort, uh the the Hyatt or the Marriott or something like that. What's going to happen with those guests? Are they going to be or those that those hotels The K token in by the way has a bus. They've got they've got their answer. But what is what is what is the you know what are the other areas here around the park? What are they going to do? Well, that again that's that's Uber and Lyft most likely unless again they come up with their own system like Candy Cane, but I doubtful. Uber and Lift seems like the most likely. Now let me show you why that scares me. There it goes. Those buses. Those are closing. >> Why are they going out of business? >> Broke. >> Yeah, which I didn't get to, but yes, they're going out of business because it costs too much to operate these and they don't make enough money. Uh, revenues are fixed. Revenues are generated by all these hotels out here. every one of these hotels uh you know based on how much you know occupancy they have they contribute a percentage of the hotel rates to fund the the art bus line but it's capped at 5% which means that there's no opportunity for them to grow that business so if 5% is 5% but meanwhile expenses you know labor for these buses there goes one right now this is a this is a bus that's going to the hotel line on Clementine right that's not a Toy Story bus that's a Clementine hotel line bus There's another one right there. Another art bus. That is uh the sports complex line. That guy's going out of business. By the way, it has been uh 17 minutes since we left the Toy Story buses. That's probably a little longer than I normally take because I've been stopping quite a bit along the way. Uh taking selfies, etc. So, uh, at 17, we're usually probably we could probably be at bag check at this point on if I'm walking straight through. Uh, but at a 17 minutes so far on this trip and now we're actually up to 18 minutes as we approach the area that has me the most concerned. This is the most fascinating situation because as I mentioned, let's just assume that Disney has a solution for Toy Story Lot. What about all those other buses? What about, you know, the sports complex line? What about the hotel line, Clementine and all that? Uh are they is it are they just left with uh lift and Uber? If so, this little zone right here that we're approaching is going to be in for a rude awakening. This tiny little drop off and pickup spot here, which has one way in and one way out. This is the entrance right there, and the exit is out on the other side. This is woefully inadequate. It actually doesn't look too bad right now. We're shooting this at uh 10:41 in the morning. This is pretty quiet. I've been through here a hundred times where I've had I've been stuck right here or even just at the at the there's there's sometimes there's a queue out here on harbor. There's a queue that goes all the way down to the light even sometimes. I've been in that queue before where you're just waiting. Uh this this drop off and pickup area is absolutely packed. Especially like around drive time, 5:00 or something like that or maybe early in the morning. Uh it is very often the case that this is a absolute gridlock of cars and to expect more. They can't handle more. This lot this pickup area cannot handle more and there's nowhere for it to grow. There's no there's no place or way to expand this. Uh you know they already this is for the Toy Story buses. That road right there is where the Toy Story buses pick up and drop off. Although I guess they're not going to need that anymore now that I think about it. And while we're on that topic, they are probably not going to need this zone here at all anymore in about a couple of years and maybe two years or so, maybe two and a half. Uh so the the reason for that, by the way, is Eastern Gateway. They're going to be building the new uh parking lot over there across the street on Harbor or the parking structure. They're going to be building that. That's kind of already in progress, but they haven't broken ground. There's still parking there. Actually, there are still cast members parking in the lot where they're going to build that parking structure. But that parking structure, I would assume, is where they're going to send I'm assuming that's where they're going to send uh Uber and Lift to drop off. They're not going to they're not going to drop them off here anymore. They're going to drop them off at the Eastern Gateway. So, this this little, you know, situation here will be moot at that point as well. Uh but having said that, it's happening now. March 31st is the last day for the Toy Story buses. It's the last day for those buses. Now, that's one of the other one of the other buses. That's not a Toy Story bus. That's one of the other lines, April 1st. What are they going to do between April 1st of 26 and whatever that mythical date is when they open the Eastern Gateway? What are they going to do? I think they have a plan. I really do. I think they I think they've already had a plan. They were well aware that Disney's on the board. They're on the board of directors for for the Artline, so this is not a surprise to them. Uh this will they've already hopefully they've already got a plan. What that is, we don't know. Will it be ready to go on April 1st? Crossing my fingers because I like parking at a Toy Story lot and I want that to happen. I want that to keep being a thing. There goes there's just buses coming in and out of here constantly. Every one of these blue ones is art. Uh but I do I have to think that Disney has a plan because they've been aware of this situation. They've been aware of the, you know, revenue shortfalls that have been happening with uh with the art line for as long as they've had them because they're on the board. They know. And the fact that they were on the board, they know and they and and knowing how important the Toy Story buses are to operations here in the park suggests to me and and that they killed it anyway. They voted to kill it anyway. Suggests to me that they they have a plan B. We don't know what that is yet. Stay tuned. We're going to find out. Let's get back to work. Let's get back into the park. By the way, arriving at 25 minutes into the Espenade. Again, that's considerably slower than I would normally do it because of all the delays I had getting here. But there you go. That's our that's our time for today. Now, we can get back to our state of Disneyland report. You know, it's kind of humorous. Uh, while I was shooting that segment, walking it in from Toy Story, I realized that I had been spending the last two or three months collecting data, doing reps, driving, walking, taking the bus, taking the trying to figure out what is the most efficient way into the park during a rope shop period. And my data was telling me walking it in from Toy Story was the most efficient way so far. But I feel like that that whole process is now kind of moot because we have no idea what the Toy Story lot is going to look like in two months. We have no idea. Can I even make that video? I can't I can't even make that video now. I've got all this data and I still have more more reps to do. Actually, I have two more reps to go. >> But I I I don't know what I don't know what to do with that now. I don't know what I don't know what the situation is going to be in two months. It's also humorous because um our friends at uh Theme Park IQ are probably going to have a laugh about that where I am team Toy Story. I feel like Toy Story is the best place to park from an efficiency perspective, but they're team uh Mickey and Friends, but they also think of their their position is also efficiency related, whereas I feel like the only reason why you want to go to Mickey and Friends is for that experience of parking in the structure and taking the tram and all that. It doesn't it's it's slower. Mickey and Friends is slower. The toy store. It's slower, Chris. Okay. It's slower. All right. Well, let's check in on Haunted Mansion next. It is back. Thank goodness. We rode last weekend. I think the last time we did a state report, it was still closed, but the Haunted Mansion classic Haunted Mansion is back. It looks kind of hectic out here actually, while I'm trying to get through here, but that's I think it's because we've got a bit of a artery clog happening, but uh no, it's just a 30 minute standby right now. And I would bet my rent that it's not even close to that, that it might be 15 or 20 minutes. Uh, Leota's Garden is completely empty. The greenhouse is empty. So too is this first stretch leading up, mostly empty. Guests are walking straight up to the to the facade right there. That right there is about 5 minutes. They're going to probably spend another 10 or so to get to the door after that. So, you're looking at maybe 15 or 20 minutes uh to get to the door. Not a lot of action here on Lightning Lane either. There's actually nobody scanning in right now. There we go. They got our first guests, but just a smattering of people coming in through uh through Lightning Lane. So, that's going to bode well for standby as well. You love to see this right now. If you're checking out Lightning Lane, by the way, this is what you do. Come to this section to see how busy it is. See how many people are coming up the Lightning Lane ramp. Not much at all. Absolute peach of a day so far. We are three for three of just almost straight up walk-ons. Uh Jungle Cruise, obviously, Indiana Jones and Haunted Mansion have all just been breezes. Uh I mean even Indie Indy was it was just right up the ramp. Hi guys. >> What was that? What did I say was like maybe five, seven minutes to get up the ramp and into the into the uh caves. Incredible. That's great for Indiana Jones. I'm pretty sure that's the right. >> All right. You guys remember when this was such a big deal? >> When they finally opened this and we got to see what they've been working on all that time and all those construction reports. >> I really love what they've done out here. >> There you go. >> See it is 1:00, >> 73° out. >> I expect we should have uh a light weight here. I'm going to say uh 20 minutes. Well, I wasn't far off, at least in terms of the posted weight time. They're calling this 25 minutes. The garden out here is completely empty. Love to see that. That's a win right there. No matter what you're doing, uh nothing happening here. at the back of the queue is along the wall there as you approach the the the first threshold. They do look a little posted. There's not a lot of movement there, I have to say. But still, it's a very short queue. It's a short queue at least. How well it's moving, hard to say, but I'd be willing to bet that as we make our way to the back of the queue. >> Hi guys. Uh that our situation is going to be even more improved by the fact that they're not using extended one and extended two. that is not in use today. You're saving probably 15 minutes on your time by not having those cues set up. Normally, there would be a ropes out here. Extend. They don't even have the ropes. So, they're not even thinking about extending this queue. Not even ropes or stansions in place. So, no chance of extended one or extended two happening, which means this is the entirety of the queue. You're going to do this stretch. There's the train. Okay. I respect Disneyland Railroad CK Holiday. Amazing. Wow, that >> can't be right. That car is empty. Is it supposed to be empty? Very light crowd in there in that train. You can tell a lot of empty seats on the back row there. See that? One, two, three, four. At least four empty seats there. Two more there. This is the extent of your standby right here. this you well you don't quite mix here but you got this and then the the up the stairs you go right up the stairs after going through there and then you're and then you're crossing right here there's not see there's no very little traffic happening up there that's an easy walk moving right in uh you're going to be in your boat in less than that 25 minutes I'd call that probably 15 or 20 minutes it's great meanwhile practically no waiting at all here at Winnie the Pooh's or the many adventures of Winnie the Pooh in the 100acre wood posted 5 minutes and I'm not even seeing guests. There's those guests have just passed through the threshold. They're not waiting at all. They're going right to the back of the queue here. 2 minutes tops into your vehicle. Imagine how wonderful everybody's day is going today. Again, it's really nice. The weather's perfect out here. I think it's now 70. What did I say? 73 73° out. Just slightly toasty. Uh no wind. Everything is a walk-on right now. You paid $150 to get in. If you're paying your way, that is. I mean, what an absolute treat this is today. This This is the best thing I've seen at Disneyland in a while in terms of the guest experience. It's got to be tough, man. Take a minute to go check out the Hungry Bear. I'm expecting not a lot of waiting. We didn't look into Tiana's, although I fully expect that to have been quite light as well. But yeah, there's just a smattering of guests here. And it is lunchtime. It's 112. Still lunchtime, but there's just eight or 10 guests there picking up food. We'll often see that queue all the way down the ramp and down to the threshold sometimes, which means I should expect to find a whole bunch of tables. If you're looking for a table at Hunger Bear, if you're looking for a little bit more quiet, cuz this is very intense right here. This situation is always quite intense, no matter how busy it is. But if you just go to the rear, >> you should find a whole bunch of tables. And indeed we have you could have a whole section by yourself out here right now out here in nice quiet Nepal. Wow, look at that. Welcome to Disneyland on February. So far the longest wait that we've had is maybe 20 minutes at T. I feel like Tiana is probably the longest queue that we've seen so far. Uh even beating even Indiana Jones. Indiana Jones was next to nothing. And what is also nothing, as you might have guessed, is Rise of the Resistance. This is going through a reaper. We still don't know for how long. Uh Rise has been closed now for a uh two weeks, I guess. It closed just after we did our last our last state of Disney report. Walls are up out here. This is the first time they've had a reverb of this nature for this attraction since it opened. So, it's due. It's time. Got scrimmage scaffold up there. That's the turret that guards the the entrance. Standby. Lightning lane. Nothing to evaluate on that. We still don't have a date as to when it will reopen and we don't know what they're doing. I don't expect that they're doing very much at all. that's going to be guest facing. Let's go take a peek. I don't think that they're going to do anything in terms of the original trilogy. That is not on the table as far as I'm concerned. Uh this is going to be strictly just paint and polish is my guess, which I think they've already been working on. There you go. There's some uh wraps around the the rails there. So, definitely they've been painting in that area. No crew out here today though. And that's really the only thing keeping guests from coming to Disneyland right now. This park is otherwise 100% in operation. I'm trying to think. I We haven't even run into a, you know, a temporary closure out here, but every other attraction is up and running. And that's pretty great. That's pretty great for February cuz this is typically reverb season. And that right there is the only reverb happening at Disneyland. Now, let's talk on our way. We're going to go uh check out the tipboard here in a minute, but uh I want to talk about the reservation calendar because we didn't talk about it in the opening of the show, although we touched on it briefly. Uh single day tickets wide open, of course. Uh the entire month of February is wide open. Same is true for the 3-day ticket for today. That is uh you can you can get a three-day ticket and get into the park today if you choose. There are dates. This this is uh our regular reminder that there's a separate bucket for the 3-day ticket for the you know the California discounted ticket and the park hopper. There's a separate bucket for those tickets from the single day tickets. So the availability does change. It is thinner. That bucket is thinner. You can see sold out dates for the 14th, 15th, and the 16th and the 21st. That's got to be uh yeah for that's for uh Valentine's Day weekend. And then for inspire key or for for magic keys, you can get in today. You can walk in today. You can make a reservation for today. Although the usual issues are present for Saturdays and Sundays because right now all Magic Keys are eligible to make reservations. So you're going to run into a little bit of difficulty. That will start to work itself out as we get closer to spring and summer. Although somebody was asking me if they thought that summer, you know, June would be a good idea to come to the park in terms of crowds. And normally I would say 100% yes. June is probably the lightest month of the year when it comes to crowds. At least in terms of expectation versus reality. But this year, don't forget there's the new explore key. And that new explore key can make reservations in June. Uh a a key a situation that wasn't the the case last year. It was last year and years prior. only believe and inspire key could make summer reservations, but now there are going to be three keys eligible in June and July. So, be aware of that as well when you're making your plans. All right, let's take a look at that res or the tipboard, I should say. And I'm expecting more of the same. We haven't seen anything resembling a 20-minute wait. Well, I guess Tiana's resembled one. Uh Alice and Wonderland 15, probably not. Astro Orbiter 15, probably not. Utopia 20, I don't think so. Uh, return time of now. Big Thunder is closed. It was open earlier today, so that's a temporary thing, I'm sure. Hopefully, they'll be back open by the time we get there. Return time in that half an hour. Buzz Lightyear 10 minutes. Casey's a walk-on. Gadgets is 15. That's usually at least 30, right? Dumbo 20. I don't believe you. Nemo is 10. I believe that automatic is now down to 13 minutes. My goodness, we were just there. We were just there 10 or 15 minutes ago and it was 30. And I've said I said, "No, it's that's like a 15-minute queue." Easy. Uh it's gotten worse cuz if they're calling at 13, that's the walk-on number. 13 is they don't ever go lower than 13. They don't post a five or 10. It's 13 and up. That means it's a walk-on. Return time at half an hour. Wire. Don't buy Lightning Lane today. Indiana Jones is 35. That's the longest wait. 4 and a half hours. That's the longest wait normally on a even a reasonably busy day. You'll see that up until the 8 or 9:00. Uh Jungle Cruise still a walk- on at 5 minutes. Wow. Uh Mad Tea Party 5, Wy the Poo 5, Mad Horn 25. I mean, that's the longest. I bet you that's probably the closest thing to a legitimate queue we'll find. And that's still just a 10-minute uh return time also for Lightning Lane. Well, we'll see what Space Mountain says. Runaway Railway 20 minutes. I mean, that's been consistently 45 minutes to an hour for a while now. I'm not even going to be able to do recon. Like, if I wanted to do runaway railway recon, I would, it would be pointless right now. Recon of any kind right now. If I wanted to do a video about, you know, like Matah Horn, it would be pointless. Have to come back in May. Uh, return time in an hour, just just under two hours. And then Smugglers Run, walk on 15. We'll check on that. Toads, walk on. Look at that. Paint the Night, you guys. Paint the Night is back on Main Street at 8:30 p.m. Guys, what are they going to do when the 70th is over? What are they going to do? They're going to bring back uh Magic Happens. Bring back Sensational. What are they going to do with paint tonight? Uh, Peter Pan 25 minutes. Probably not. Pinocchio 5, Pirates 20, Nuke, Roger Rabbits, 30 minutes. That could be possible. I I I might be inclined to believe that. That's usually a queue that gets backed up. Uh, return time in just over an hour. Snow White's walk on Space. There it is. Space Mountain. That's going to be the only legitimate queue all day today. Space Mountain. And I I think I might be tempted to walk as far Well, no, I won't have to go very far. Back of the queue will be in that extended area still. Return time in two and a half hours, three and a half hours. People are not buying Lightning Lane today. Nor should you. You see this kind of situation. Do not buy Lightning Lane. Star Tours, that's a walk-on. They should put 13 minutes right there. Storybook Land is a walk-on. And Tiana's is 45 minutes. I don't believe you. No way. And we can't check on Star or Rise of Resistance cuz it's closed. So that's it. Take care. Yeah, >> this is going to be a walk on for sure. >> Yeah, I'm half expecting >> to be able to walk straight into the Honda road. I don't think we will meet any resistance. >> Never ceases to disappoint. Yeah, so far so good. Nothing happening up there. >> There's like a couple of guests here and there. There's actually people uh using Lightning Lane, but yeah, just a few guests here and there. Gaps everywhere. Empty. By the way, we got into this queue >> at 144. 1:44. It is now 1:47 and >> we have again met very Yeah, we're we're going to walk right on. This is >> the back of the queue right there. >> Two more guests in front of us there. That's it, man. >> 5 minutes into the Honda room. Looks like you're riding smuggler today. I have an opportunity for you all that is bare and contentious. >> We've been sorted 154. That's 10 minutes. Could probably make that eight or nine minutes cuz I stayed back uh when they were doing the Honda room so I could do my little selfie shot. So, I'm actually at the back of the queue. I would have been probably in one of these groups up here. So maybe 8 minutes to get sorted. >> Rain has been called >> and as usual being single rider I am engineer although I suppose I could have been gunner but you're usually the engineer. to our seats in the frontal if you have anything lights up and flashes push it side to side engineer Madness. I not take evasive action. Well, my friend, that could have been much worse if we died. >> Okay, it's much worse. >> You got one. Excellent, my friends. Oh my god. Nice. >> I don't think we got it. >> Things are getting too hard. Get out of here. Oh my god. autopilot. Chewy will pilot us. >> Oh, thanks Joey. >> You retrieve one container of copacia. This would greatly help the residual. >> Better fix all that before the Wookie sees it. >> Now, I don't have a lot of flight experience on the Millennium Falcon. I tend to avoid this attraction, but that might have been the worst the worst piloting I've ever experienced. And that I'm not saying that like in a negative way. Uh that never bothers me if people fly badly. It's just an objective assessment. Like it's actually kind of fun when people crash into stuff. But man, that was rough. I And you could hear it like I felt like the the the haptics or something was different there. That was that felt more violent than other trips through Millennium Millennium Falcon. Uh but there you go. We did it. We We went on. I I'm not sure if I'm ready to change my opinion on this attraction. I thought I was going to give it a second chance. That's one of the reasons why we climbed into the queue. Um but my my uh prior assessments I think are still holding in so much as it's the same it's the same story, same outcome no matter what. There's no there's no uh stakes. Uh you the same thing happens no matter what. You get one canister. I think I've gotten two canisters maybe once or twice in my life. Definitely never three. That's never going to happen. Uh, and the only other thing that you might have happen is Chewy mode, which is really hard to make happen. >> Rise of Resistance is closed. So too is Ogus Cantina. You know what? I I didn't walk by here on our previous construction efforts to show the sign and the walls up here as well. Ogus Cantina is closed. Now, unlike Rise of the Resistance, we do know when Ogus is reopening. That's going to be on March 14th. Uh so that's in what uh another month or so, a month and a month and a half. And we also have reason to believe that there will be original trilogy references installed. Oh, hey, it's by Marotti again. We were just talking We were just talking about how she doesn't do any hiding. >> She's hiding. I won't tell by only problem with how excited I am with the fact that by Marotti is out here skullking about hiding from stormtroopers is that she is not going to be here on April 29th when uh the original trilogy starts showing up here in the parks by Marotti did not make the cut I'm afraid to say. So it's a shame that they are teasing us with her presence here. Also not making the cut if I understood the intel that I received a while back is that character right there. I don't know if she has a name or not, but this the Imperial officer >> will not be appearing as of April 29th. >> Traveler here informatively has been reported. This outpost is under observation. ordering you >> April 29th we'll probably be here to enjoy all those characters that's not I say that I'm in Jess because obviously we will but meeting characters is not in my wheelhouse so I uh I don't know how it's going to go like am I going to meet all of them Han Solo Princess Leia Darth Vader Luke Skywalker we met Luke Skywalker kind of you know when they did the season the force last year but like Having re-engaging with those characters is not exactly my forte. We've arrived at Fantasy Land. We have still not yet met any sort of, you know, visible resistance. The the closest thing that we've seen, as mentioned, was that Tiana's queue, I think. I mean, no, man. Uh, two trains working here at Casey, so that's obviously a walk-on. There's practically nobody up uh in the in the queue there. This is a very easy walk into Fantas. We did a whole video about all the new food at Disneyland starting in January, uh middle of so and we ate a lot of it. We ate a lot of it. A lot of it was so good. So much of it was so good. One of the things that really caught my eye, and I mentioned it when we were making that video, is this, the Gastonburg burger, beef patty, pastrami, cheese, pickles, and sauteed onions, and bell peppers. Fascinating. All those words are amazing. All that's great. And then they added served with the peppercini burger sauce. Now, it's the same sauce that we had in that Big Dipper cheeseburger at Floss V8 Cafe. Same sauce, the same sauce that it was resting in. They put it in this burger. But I want to go back to the key element, the key reason why I'm here for the Gastonburg burger, which they've served before, but it's just a regular burger. They have added pastrami. I love pastrami. I love Reuben's uh uh what do they call it? The um corn beef. I love that. They used to they used to serve those that jolly holiday. You can't get them anymore. So, I've been dying for some kind of sandwich to have past the straw in here at Disneyland. We finally got one at uh at Red Rose Tavern. So, I made sure to come back here and make this our first return trip. And there you go. That's it. And you can just see a big honken chunk of pastrami right there. You can see that that's going in my face right now. So many notes are hitting right there. The pastrami definitely does present. You can It does feature in there. You I'm picking that up right away. I'm picking up the sauteed onions, which I love in a burger. I didn't get any of the uh pickles or bell peppers, which I'm curious. I think I see one right there. That little red right there, that's got to be the bell pepper, right? But what's really happening in my face right now is that peppercini sauce, that cheese sauce. Now, I'm not sure if it's correct in this sandwich, but it's definitely there and it's definitely present. And it is it's a flavor that I like. I'm still trying to process if it goes well with a pastrami burger because what I'm thinking is typically on a pastrami sandwich, I'm putting mustard on that. I'm putting mustard on a pastrami sandwich, not the peppercini sauce. But it still works. I'm just not sure if I would prefer mustard. I found both pickles. One in my bite, one right here. >> Awesome. In either case, I'm actually very much enjoying this. The burger actually, I should say, is it's pretty tasty. Um, it's it's cooked pretty well. Uh, and there is a fairly generous supply of of pastrami in there. So, you're getting you're getting your money's worth in each bite. All in a very tasty burger. One of my favorites, one of the best that I've had at a Disney resort in quite a while. I'm going to give this a four and a half out of five. I might have gone full five if two things if they did have I think I would have preferred I I like the pepperci sauce. I think it tastes good, but I think I still would have preferred mustard. And two, I had to get an orange because I'm on strike against Disney's fries. And they're serving those crappy fries here with these burgers. And I chose They made me eat an orange, you guys. Red Rose Tavern in Disney made me eat this orange. Not that I should complain about it too much because actually I have a feeling that sweet citrusy note is going to pair very well with that bite I just these are nice and crisp and cold so my god dude that's way better than French fries thanks Disney now I'm happy I'm Happy that you you put fries in there or you took the you took the tots out because you made me enjoy a very delicious mandarin orange. Cheers for bake. Let's get back to work. >> Not expecting to find much in here either. Pinocchios. Oh my god. Pino. There's nobody. Where's the back of the queue? I can't even see it. Let's go over here. You could be done with Pinocchio right now in about 6 minutes in the queue and on the ride. Whole thing in about 6 minutes. Same thing for Oh my gosh. Same thing for snow. I predict I could be in this queue and out in Let me see here. Yeah, it's empty. Empty. Empty. They're calling it 15. Let's find out. >> I think we can be done in Yeah. 6 minutes, I think. If we give 2 minutes for the actual ride, that's 4 minutes in the queue, which means we need to be 1 2 3 four switchbacks. That means we can spend no more than 1 minute in each switchback. We got into this queue at 30 seconds. We've been in the queue in this switch back now for 20 seconds. Wasn't even close. 8 minutes just to get to the vehicle. Now, in my defense, I think there was something like 14 VIP or guest guests that were inserted into the queue in front of us. Not that that would make the difference. That would have amount to maybe maybe a minute maybe a minute and a half worth of guests, which would still get us in into the vehicle at no better than 6 and 1/2 minutes. disguise. I hold them on. 12 minutes. 12 minutes from getting into the queue to finishing the ride. 12 minutes. Okay, let's keep things going here. That was a fun little diversion. Peter Pan is nearly empty. That's a whole chain out there empty. All these chains are empty. They're calling it 30, but it ain't. That's probably 2025. Actually, still kind of busy for Peter Pan. Hey, how are you? You're welcome. Hi, guys. That's typical of Fantas Land, though, where uh no matter how busy or slow the rest of the park is, Fantasy Land always is the same. If it's really busy, it's still not too busy here. If it's slow, it's still kind of busy for Fantasy Land if you if you follow. And that's because there's no lightning lane anywhere uh anywhere in Fantas. Well, except for Mad Horn and Small Road, but I I hardly count those. I'm talking about Fantas. Toads is calling at 15. That's about right. Uh they had some ridiculous number for Dumbo. I if I recall, I think 30 minutes. That says 25 right there. See if we can spot the back of the queue. Yeah. No, that's not 25 at all. I I I don't think you can see through the lens. I can see it, but they're not they're definitely not all the way in the back. They're at about the Oregon back there. No problem. Get on that queue. Absolutely. Look at that empty queue right there for tea party. That's not even one rotation's worth. That's half a rotation. They won't fill all the teacups. A matter of fact, they just opened a gate for a couple guests who they had they had an empty and it was red, by the way, not teal, which is a shame. or rather not a shame as in Justice for Teal. Wow, look at Alice. This is the most normal looking queue we've seen all day. And again, it's because no matter what the rest of the park is like, Fantasy Land dark rides are typically the same no matter what. But that's a big that's the biggest queue. That might actually be 20 minutes, you guys. Uh they're calling it 15. Oh my gosh. When's the last time you've seen a a queue that wrong here in France? They're calling it 15. Meanwhile, they're in wild space. They're not even in the chains. They're three switchbacks deep out here outside the queue proper, which is just extraordinary. I can almost hardly believe it. Uh that's the that's 20 25 minutes right there, you guys. If they're using if they're out there in wild space. My goodness. Storybook land. Okay, back to nothing. That's that's a that's a pretty light cue. They're not even using that section back there. It's very rare that they don't use the whole queue back here. So, even though it looks like it's coming out a little bit, it's really not. If they were using all of that, all of this queue would be inside the queue proper. Uh, that's 10 minutes. Small world is closed. So, we can't do any analysis there. Uh, that will be reopening or be reopened. I think by next week, I want to say Friday. That'll be this week, right? This week. Friday the 6th. Let's go to Toontown. where we saw a 30 minute posted wait time and it's now up to 35. Come on in. >> Thank you. Very little waiting there at Lightning Lane. Should we expect the back of the queue to be at the prop room? >> I think yes. picked up. >> Still going. Wow. >> Still going. Oh my gosh. This is the furthest we've gotten in a state of design report in a long time. So, we didn't quite make it to Baby Herman, but we did pass at least the prop room. So, this, by the way, you're looking at about 20 minutes from here, maybe 25. I have data that I've got to that I've got to collate and reconcile, but we did a rep during our uh road drop session where the back of the queue was at Baby Herman, and we were in our vehicle, I want to say, in 15 minutes, I think it was. No, check that. That wasn't rope drop. That was our closing the park video. So, that would have been at 8:00 p.m., which again, I'm not sure if that video has come out yet, but that was our first ride. In that closing the park video, we got in the queue at 8:00 p.m. or 8:09, I think it was, and we were done in well, no, no time at all, but it was like 15 minutes to our vehicle. Run away right away. 30 minutes posted. We'll see how far we get. I I want to I want to do recon on this, but I feel like, as I was saying when we're doing like the tipboard, I don't I don't feel like this is the right time cuz the data is going to be so skewed. It's going to be soft. All the data will be soft. I like difficult cues. I like to see the queues full when I do this so I can measure everything. But there it is. That's the back of the queue right there. Just on the other side. That's actually pretty good. Uh it's it's still not 30 minutes. Uh they'll probably I think they're going to the back of the queue is right here. Uh so this that group there is probably going to be done inside of 30 minutes for sure. This is a ride though I never worry about in terms of you know the right time, wrong time to get in. Should you rope drop it? Should you you know wait till closing? Is it the right queue or the wrong queue? There's no wrong cues for me at Runaway Railway. Uh because it's just such an enjoyable queue that even if it is a while, you're going to have a good time. You're going to have as much fun in this queue as you will in any queue in the park. So go ahead, get in the queue. Don't worry about it. >> Cheers. Fresh bake. Hopefully you caught our new foods at Disneyland video where I sampled this for the first time. I had to get another one. Oh my god, that is delicious. I had to get another one to for science. I had to make sure it was I had one of the most uh singular experiences in my life having food drinking this for the first time a couple weeks ago or last week I think it was and you know when whenever you you have to have data you need data you need reps you can't have just a single iterance of a test and say it's amazing so I had to get another one right So good. >> Still 10 out of five. That's 20 minutes for minis. Mickey's is posted at 30. They're calling gadgets 30. It is not. It's probably about 15 or 20. Let's check in on Chip and Dale here. Have they rec-alibrated the water? It looks like they have. Yes, the water is hitting the cup. I repeat, the water is hitting the cup. >> Last week, the water was a little short. >> What was a little short and it was hitting Dale right in his belly. Moving right along. Taking this show to the Mad Horn next where they have a 30 minute posted standby. But that's the back of the queue out here on the verge of getting into wild space. Uh lightning lane is completely empty. That's good. And let's see. Uh back of the queue is well it's here out here in wild space which means it is left of tree. That tree right there. That's the one I'm talking about. If you're getting in the queue left of tree, that's not ideal. If you're getting in the queue right of tree, that's an automatic go. Uh but they're calling a 30, which means they're probably not using the extended one and extended two. They are using tree lamp. Hopefully you guys watched our Matter Horn hack video, a hacking the Mad Horn Q tree lamp. Uh hope or they're using that, but that's just three or four minutes tops, maybe three. Yes, indeed. Uh opposed to 30 with the queue back where it is. That means they're not using extended one and extended two. This is 14 minutes right here, you guys. 6 minutes for extended one, 8 minutes for extended two. That is not a 30-minute queue. See if I can't remember the math. Okay, so uh four coming out or five coming out. Hey guys, what's up? What's up? Hi guys. Uh five coming out, four going in. That's nine plus we'll call this three 12 total. That's 12. Uh five coming out this direction. 17 maybe four back 22. Four in the house 26. That is quick and dirty. Uh watch our video. Watch our Matah Horn hacking Matah Horn Q video for I'm trying I I think I got those numbers right. I'm doing that off memory from you know when we did those reps back then. We were timing those switchbacks. So that's looking like a 26-minute queue, but we came in under both of our efforts based on those numbers. So uh you could get that done in 20 25 minutes. I think never a wait for the Montreal though. I mean, you might have to wait for the Montreal to get in the house, but it's very rare that you have to wait for a second Montreal to get on. That is very rare indeed. Always a go for me. Galactic Grill is going through a reverb right now. I don't know what they're doing, but I expect it to just be paint is most likely scenario. Uh they've been painting the the the building itself that's done. So, it looks like they're going to extend that down here to the seating area. The Galactic Grill still open though. You just can't uh dine in the center portion. That's the full queue right there for Finding Nemo. Incredible, right? All that is empty. I mean, we should expect that though. They called this 10. I don't know if that's 10. They're still calling it 10. I mean, it might be No, cuz that's two boats basically. That's three rotations and you're outside of 10 minutes. I believe. And I think I see three three uh three boats worth of people here. So, more like 12 to 15. I think they're calling this guy right here 10 minutes. And way do you see this? Absolutely nobody up there in the risers. No guest at all. Nothing in the rotunda. Nothing in the risers. That's the back of the queue right there. That is incredibly light. I don't know the last time in the middle of the day that I've seen a queue back there uh for Autotopia. Not that, you know, Autotopia should be busy, but it's it's at least one group of people in the risers back there. At least one there. I don't even know how you call this 10 minutes. Well, I know why. I know why. One, two. That's it. Three and four have been close. because they don't need them, right? >> You don't need them. >> I know. >> You got 45 people in the queue. >> You don't need four lanes worth of cars. Oh, man. We're just cruising right along here, guys. We're zipping through this park because there's nothing to There's nobody. Why does that skyline look clear? Am I crazy or is something missing up here? I feel like my line of sight is more clear here than I am accustomed to. Something over there, maybe a tree. Did they take out a tree? Something's missing. And I can't quite I don't know. I'm going to have to go look back at some old footage last or you know, two weeks ago even maybe see if I'm crazy. >> Yeah, man. I'm just getting all kinds of more sky and sunlight here in this vicinity. But it doesn't look like anything has been taken out. I think I'm I think I'm insane. Oh my gosh. Wow. Look at that, you guys. When have we ever seen 25 minutes for Space Mountain? It is middle of the day. It is peak Disneyland right now. It is What does that say? Two. It's 3:00. I'm working on a video talking about one of the best times and the worst times to be at Disneyland. Hi guys, how are you? >> Time that we're in right now. I would have called the worst. This is the worst time to be at the park in October time at least getting here. This is when the This is when the cues are at their highest parkwide. I got a feeling there ain't a whole lot of guests >> in that building over there. I got a feeling we're going to find one empty queue. My goodness. My god. Look at that. They're coming right out. Do you see that? They're coming out single. There was one. I haven't seen a guest. Oh my gosh. There's Okay, that's the next. Oh my gosh. There's no queue. Look at that. Do you guys see this? That's the last guest to come out here. It's been There should be a whole single file queue. One guest, there's two, and then 1 2 3 4. I'm counting. 6 7 8 9 10. I'm I don't know if this is right or not. 11 12 14 I'm going to add one. 15 16 17 18 It's been 20 at least 20 seconds since we saw a guest walk through. Holy smokes. which means this whole thing is going to be almost completely empty. >> Wow. >> I can honestly say I don't think I've ever seen this. I've seen an empty space mountain cube at rope drop. I saw one uh what was it? Yeah, when I when I we rope dropped on Tuesday. Completely empty. But I've never seen a completely empty space mountain out here at 3:00 in the afternoon. I am absolutely gobsmacked. This is unbelievable. And that is even for a Monday afternoon in February. I don't know, man. I don't think I've ever seen it. Look at that. They don't even need single rider. It's not even open. They're not even offering it. All right. Star Tours is left. That's nothing. That's probably They're calling that 30, but it's not. They're not in. If it it gets to be 30 if it's inside the tent when those doors are open, but that's going to be about 10 minutes to get inside. Maybe another 10 minutes inside there. So, 20 minutes total. Uh they're calling Buzz. 10 minutes. And I'm not even seeing a queue. My god in heaven. There's not even a queue out here. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. There's not even a cue. I got to say, you know, I hadn't even thought about it until just now. Because I'm like, "Oh, yeah. February, whatever. Monday, whatever." No, dude. This is This is supposed to be They're selling a discounted ticket right now. They're selling a 3-day ticket for like half price. We should be busier, right? That's what we were calling. We were calling it when they when when uh the the new season started after the holiday. We're like, "Yeah, there you go. Look what happens when you sell them a discounted ticket." It should be busier. It is not. It is not busier. Look at all kinds of wide open space here. Now, normally this is more wide open than other parts of the park because it is or I should say empty. Fewer people because it is so wide open. It's a very wide space. Uh so guests are spread out here more obviously, but still man look at all that. Look at incredible. I may have to rethink my entire thesis on the effectiveness of that three-day ticket. I thought it was a slam dunk. >> My goodness. That leaves Big Thunder. But all already you can see there's no queue back here. So this is going to be no different than every other attraction. Hi guys. that we've seen so far. Big Thunder is going to be a virtual walk-on as well when we get around this corner. Virtual walk-on by Big Thunder standards anyway. Uh they're calling it 20 minutes right here. Hey guys. Hey guys. Hi. Uh but that's the back of the queue right here. That's pretty much it. And it won't even be 20 minutes. They're going to get through there in 10 or 15 easily, I think, because there's again there's no no lightning lane happening. And you know what this means? We've done a complete tour around this entire park. We've been to every land and we looked at every attraction and the queue the attraction that gave us the most resistance, the biggest queue relatively speaking was Alice in Wonderland. Absolutely mind-blowing. Alice in Wonderland is the busiest attraction today, relatively speaking. What an incredible day today. I can't believe it. Uh we'll see you next We'll see you in two weeks, I guess, to see if this plays out. Uh certainly we're going to have a chance to do this again at DCA next week. Um which I I you know Liz was in the park I think yesterday and she says DCA was bonkers. So I don't know man. I don't know what's going on. Fascinating day here. I hope you guys enjoyed. Uh we love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Brush break.
