---
video_id: G_wsJ3B_51E
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-02-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_wsJ3B_51E
---
Good evening everybody. Hello. Hello. Yes, it is cold. That's why I'm I'm bundled up. [laughter] I'm bundled up. Uh, okay. Let's see. Where was I getting everything straight? Skip that. There we go. Okay. All right. Where are we? I have no idea. I have no idea. Where are we? What are we talking about? What's going on? What's new? Heard the news about the tree falling in Disneyland. Yeah, I Well, I heard about it just yesterday. Uh but I don't I have I haven't actually seen the scene. I have I I was in the park on Wednesday, [clears throat] but I hadn't yet heard about it, so I didn't check it out. Um, so I'll be sure to include that in our construction update this week, but I have no idea the context other than obviously it was because of the rain and the wind. I saw the tree fall. It was just branches. So the whole tree didn't go down. They made it. I don't know what site it was. Somebody said it made the website I saw that the headline made it sound like a tree fell on some guests. Uh Plaza in I think. Is that right? Right. It was just it was at the Plaza Inn. Yeah, I think it was inside the seating area. You know, the the outdoor seating area. [sighs and gasps] [snorts] A large part of the tree. Okay. Where are all the specialty churros? You know, I asked that question, Steve, when [snorts] I did our uh new foods for 2026 video. I noted that there were no specialty churros. None. And I don't know why that is. Uh Daniel, the whole tree was taken, but I don't think the whole tree fell like, you know, at the base, right? Thank you to JLo Disney for the $2 gift. Really enjoyed the state of Disneyland in the rain. [laughter] Thank you. I'm glad you did. It was quite awful. I have to say the first the first hour that I shot that was pretty miserable and I was barely hanging on there for a while because it's um I'm like this the whole time. So, it's it's very exhausting [laughter] to be perfectly honest. It's very exhausting and I'm c I'm constantly having to like, you know, adjust and everything and uh so it's it's it's a real endurance challenge. Luckily, the rain slowed down as the day went on and I was able to be a little bit but I had to keep the umbrella up the whole time. Uh but yeah, it's it's pretty it's pretty exhausting. I agree though, I did enjoy the video. I it wound up being a pretty fun video. [snorts] Were you at the park on Monday? The rain was wild. Most I've ever Yeah, I was there on Monday. Yes, that's the day I shot the state of Disneyland report. Yeah. Do you ever get tired of the insane crowds? I don't know, Emily. Uh you, if you've watched the show enough, you'll note that I actually enjoy the crowds. Uh but in a way that you that is probably unexpected. Um I like busy days, but not because I like crowds. I'm actually very crowd uh averse is the right word. Um I I'm you know I get social anxiety. I I stress out a little bit in the crowds. I I kind of you know I I freak out a little bit. Thank for the $2 gift. Says hit the like button. But I like busy days at Disneyland because I like to see people at the park. I like to see Disney doing well. I like to see the park doing well. I like to Yeah. crowd phobic a little bit. Yes. Uh, I like to see the park doing well. I like to see people choosing Disneyland. I like seeing people having making the choice to go to Disneyland, uh, because they want to have that experience. And it makes me happy that people choose that. Uh, it would I would be very sad, very sad indeed, if crowds were to, you know, stay away on an extended way. That would bump me out quite a bit if it was slow every day. I don't think I could I don't know if I could handle that. >> [snorts] >> Why is your act four on the bulletin board? As long as you're act two, those aren't acts. Uh [laughter] uh I get it because that's usually what you do a storyboard for, but it's not exactly a storyboard. Uh there there two there actually three sets of of things that I'm working on topics you know branches of the operation that I that I um and brainstorming up there. So there's actually you know there's the one on the far well right I guess I don't know and then the one in the middle and then the one in the far end. Let's see. Uh Ryan La get the $5. Thank you. Do you think Walt Disney World from April 20th to the 25th is going to be super crowded? I don't know. [laughter] I feel like it's always crowded at Disney World, but what do I know? Also, should I use Getaway Today for our first time? Absolutely. Yes, Ryan. Yes, they will take very good care of you. Jungle Cruiser gift of $5. Thank you. I just noticed the Golden Horseshoe is not on mobile order. That happened today or yesterday. I think it is also not showing up on the unavailable list. They uh it's not mobile order anymore. For whatever reason, Golden Horseshoe no longer is offering mobile order. And I think the reason is kind of like it's kind of like uh Rancho or Tiana's back in the day before they built that window. When Tiana's did the remodel, they built a mobile order window. Uh but restaurants, some of the restaurant like Plaza in is just not built for mobile order. You can't, it doesn't work that way. It doesn't work very well there. uh rancho just does not work for mobile order. Uh it's not built, they don't have proper windows, right? Uh Golden Horseshoe, while it does have proper windows, it's difficult to get the cues. So, they had to set up this little like uh like a system that you see at a hotel where they move food around, right? And you would they would just put your bag up on the thing and then you would come and find your bag and take it. Uh, I think they feel like it wasn't getting enough traction, so they just killed it, which I think is great. I think it's fine. I think there should be more locations without mobile order. Even though I think it works great, I would rather none of them I would just like Fastpass. I would rather none of them have it. But if they're going to have it, you should use it. It's free. Okay. Uh, let's see. Uh, Victoria, gift of $5. Thank you. What are your thoughts on crowds during grad nights? Plan the trip for early June, but thinking of picking a different week. Well, grad night go it runs through the summer almost, doesn't it? Right. It runs for like a month or so. It'll be a little while before you get a break from that, but uh the the the kids do show up, but the big the actual event is only at DCA. So, for you know, that's I mean they close the park for that. You know, it's just for grads, etc., But that's usually where most of the kids are going to be is at DCA. There will be some kids at Disneyland, but most of them are at DCA, I would say, because they're just going to extend the party. I've never I know people complain about grad night often. Uh I've never had a problem with it. It I don't think it I don't really don't feel like it affects crowds in such a way that makes me not want to be there. Uh I don't find the kids particularly annoying or anything like that. Uh, certainly there are more than there usually are, but it's just I mean, look, Disney guests in general can be annoying. It's not just the kids. I crack up when I when I see, you know, Disney adults complain about kids at Disneyland and then they're the ones who are acting like Pardon my French. [laughter] So, you know what I mean? Like, there kids do not have the the market cornered on uh not acting appropriately at Disneyland. Uh, SD Bout gets a 10. Oh, wait. Oh, you told me how to pronounce your name and I forgot. But was it Bout? I thought you were quite charming when I said hello. [laughter] Had an awesome eight days at Disneyland. That's great to hear. And yes, Ryan, Walt Disney World will be busy during that period. We'll be there from April 15th through the 2nd. How do you get reservations for Blue Bayou? Um, try really, really hard. I actually looked at the calendar today. I happen to have a reason to look at the calendar today. It was completely booked out. So, there are services out there. Theme Park IQ offers a thing where they can they'll they'll alert you. Um they'll tell you, hey, you know, a reservation opened up for the day you wanted. You could try that. Uh Andy Barkawitz, gift of $5. Thank you. Could you plan Could the plan for Toy Story Lot be a new resort? The work they are doing out there could be for some sort of transportation to it. Well, I think that's big picture long term. Yes. Uh Toy Story is not it's not going to be a theme park. It's not going to be a third gate. It's gonna it is going to be a combination of like a like Disney Springs or Downtown Disney, but with also a hotel, etc. Uh they're going to call it, from what I've heard, they're going to call it a landscaper. Uh which is the opposite skyscraper. It's a huge huge building. They build straight up. this landscraper is going to be a huge huge building, but it's going to be built, you know, down to the ground, close to the ground. So, definitely it is going to be an issue where they're going to need buses. They're going to need buses to or some means of conveyance to get people from the Disneyland Resort to the Toy Story lot in a way that's more nice, more guest friendly than a bus. I'll say that. And that could very well likely be what they're doing. As a matter of fact, I may mention that this week because I I've been saying that in the construction reports that uh that I do think that this is more than just Coco related. Matter of fact, it may not even be Coco related at all. I think this could just be Disneyland forward related. Not to suggest that Disneyland forward is around the corner, but it could be a long part of a long-term 10-year plan to improve uh guest transportation around the park. Captain C, you get the five bucks. Thank you. How do you keep your passion, excitement for Disneyland alive after all these years? Hope it never goes away. I love Disneyland, Captain. I love Disneyland. I love making videos. Um, I love uh helping people try to figure that out. I love helping people, you know, crack the code as it were. It makes me happy. I love to see people happy. One of the things I just, as I was just saying before, one of the reasons why I love going to Disneyland is is being able to see the park through other people's eyes and trying to, you know, uh, you know, it's it's sort of an empath thing, I guess. I don't know. I people say people throw that word around a lot. Um, I don't know if I'm that or not, but but it does make me happy to see other people being happy and enjoying themselves. >> [snorts] >> Uh, Jungle Cruiser gift of $5 saw the new Avatar movie. One of the scenes showed the actual location for our Avatar Land. It looked amazing. You know, it's interesting. Uh, that brings up the fact that we saw we saw Way of Water before the movie came out. Way of Water appears obviously at Flight of Passage. I mean, it's almost that the whole clip. Is it raining out there? The whole almost the whole ride seems to be a Way of Water thing. And that was before the film had come out. So, yeah, you do see that. And uh it's it's it's briefly, but yeah, you do see it. JLo, get the $5. Thank you. Have you gone on rise since the reverb? No, I have not had any time to do that yet. Do you know what they fixed or changed? Nothing that we would notice. Uh if there was any changes, what I call guest facing changes to Rise, we would have heard about it on social media by now for sure. So, I wasn't expecting there to be any and there were not. Have you ever been on Dapper Days? I used to go to Dapper Days all the time, but I haven't been in years. Heard they fixed the cannons. Well, the cannons have been off and on. The cannons were working last time I went on. Uh the cannons were fixed prior to this uh reverb, I thought. Were they not? [snorts] Anthony, in your opinion, is either World of Color Dessert Package or Paint the Night Package worth getting or is it best to just try and find a spot prior to the parade or show starts? Well, okay. So, regarding World of Color Dessert Package, it's not a good value in terms of what you're getting for the price, in terms of the food, the actual dessert. uh you're you're spending a bunch of money and all you're getting is dessert. And uh I would rather have a meal than just dessert. Uh half the desserts you're probably not going to care for. The other half you might. And then you get a drink. What you're paying for at World of Color is a chair. [laughter] That's what you're paying for at World of Color. You're paying for the chance to watch the show while sitting, which is kind of a big deal in my opinion. The comfort level of that is pretty amazing. Uh, now the paint the night dining package, you actually get a chair for that, too, which is good, I think. No, no, you don't. That was No, that was club. Club got a chair. The dining package, you not get a chair. You have to stand. But you're getting a better meal. So, it depends on what you value. Uh, okay. Here we go. Mr. Adult, uh, Ratomal says, "World of color dessert package is decent for the unlimited drinks, hot tea on a cold night." There is that. Yes, they will they will refill your drinks. Yes. How much is this chair? [laughter] I mean, it's a fine chair. It's a fine chair. It's not the I mean, it's not a recliner, but it's a you get to sit, you know, uh standing and waiting for the show and then standing for the it's a 10-minute show. It can be, you know, it's hard on your legs, especially if you've been there all day. So, it's nice to be able to sit that and watch it comfortably. Is the I think you said Edwin Swiss. I think you mean the Idol by Snacks. Uh is it getting demolished? No, it's actually getting an update. It's getting improvements. They might be they could be demoing the that the covered area outside of it, but they're going to replace it with a a newer, better one if they do. Bring back the motorboat cruise. Good luck with that. >> [laughter] >> That's never going to happen, dude. Uh, never gonna remember when they had uh, what was it? The gummy bears back there. Gummy Glenn. Remember Gummy Glenn? [snorts] Mr. Mountain, I David, I heard rumors that Disney might be getting new Big Thunder Railroad trains. When I was there, they looked all beat up and were rusty and needed Well, they got maintenance. All the trains were uh, taken apart, cleaned, fixed, and reassembled. So, I think that's already happened. Uh I in that regard as far as I don't think I have not heard anything about abs, you know, definitely new trades. I have not heard that. Kraf $5. Thank you. I saw they put the 70 signs back on Main Street. Such a shame. That thing's ugly as hell. I agree. I mentioned that in our state of Disneyland report. I thought because they waited a solid month to put that thing back up and they and it really I thought we were I thought we were going to be able to make it through the spring without that stupid sign. But u no I don't care for it either. >> [snorts] >> Kevin Peterson. I'm not. But if I read Oh, I forgot to Oh, no. Oh, no. I forgot to bring up my uh my brick. Let's see. Hold on. Is there any juice left in this thing? No, there's not. I may have to hold up. Uh I I I'll look at my uh Walt Disney World app. I have the Walt Disney World app as well. Uh I might be able to buy one in Walt Disney World. I also have not yet been on the Incredic Coaster. No, I haven't had much time. We talked about that. I haven't had much time or ability uh to uh to ride very many rides. So when I went on I went on Wednesday night last night and I just, you know, I just had fun. The park was busy busy last night. I was so surprised, but I just wanted to hit a few rides and I did that, but I was at Disneyland and I I didn't have time for rides either. Uh Courtney gifts six bucks. Thank you. My contribution towards the treats tonight. Thank you very much. Hopefully I can get this thing lined up. Maybe uh maybe my my wife will bring up my uh my brick because it charges a lot faster than this thing does. If my wife is listening. Wife. Bring me my brick. Uh, let's see. Uh, Nate kept it six bucks. Thank you. Uh, Vita would like a funnel cake. Two hot chocolates at Hungry Bear. [laughter] Vita, feeling it tonight. Uh, Vita, let me uh let me see what I can do for you right now. I'm not I'm not uh I can't place an order at this moment, but uh hang tight. >> It's too bad I can't place these things on my desktop. And credit coaster now has a really well they've always had that abrupt stop at the end. Uh that's always been the case. Sometimes you don't feel it as much as others, but most times you do right there at that window with uh with what's her name? Uh SD Bout, after watching your lunar post, I had the steak at lamplight. Delicious. Uh 70th sign, at least it matches the beautiful flowers. Walt was MIA my whole trip. I I still haven't seen the I still haven't seen Lincoln. I I got to get I got to get I cannot believe I haven't seen Lincoln yet since it reopened. Um but yeah, that steak is amazing at uh at Lamplight Lounge for sure. I agree. sounds like my wife. >> Hi guys. Can you get my break, please? >> Okay, hold on. >> Hi. Why are you being a cat? Okay, you don't have to be a cat right now. Okay, you just be a pretty little princess. Okay. >> Okay. I guess there you go. >> All right. Where were we? [sighs] >> Sorry guys, I got to catch up. Uh, Andre, Avatar expansion is just a boat ride, right? Also, where is the Montreal going to go? Uh, so far as we know, there's only one ride confirmed, and that is the boat ride. Yes. Uh, there's not I mean, there's possibly a second ride. Who knows? Maybe it's possible. I don't think there's enough room for it, perhaps. The Montreal is not going anywhere. Montreal is going to be [laughter] what is [gasps] uh theme parks and things. She can be a cat. David, I hear you. Except she's a cat all the time. Sometimes we have entire conversations with her meowing like that. Entire conversations. So, we did find our cat. Yes. What will be Josh's first move? Well, that's, you know, it's funny because people want to think that there's going to be a wholesale change. Uh, as far as parks goes, I'm actually not expecting a lot of changes because Josh was already running the parks. And so, I don't what what is it that he I mean, I guess maybe he he needed permission to do some of the things maybe he wanted to do but couldn't. Or maybe he got overruled perhaps and now he's not going to be overruled. But he was already running the parks theoretically, right? He was president [laughter] president of parks and experiences. >> Super Bear. I saw an article of Josh inviting them to reimagine their villains plan and to dream bigger with budget secondary. I think and this is just uh I'm basing this on what I saw uh Braden uh report on Twitter. Braden said that that that could be old news. That's something that he did prior to being named president. And that's kind of what was leading me to my thinking that I'm not sure what what we should be expecting. He was already doing that. He had already made that that decision. I don't think that's a decision he made after being named because he's he's technically still not president anyway. Uh inversion dude, get the five bucks. Thank you. Finally caught you while in the park. Cheers to a great rope drop and lightning lane strategy. Just had our first Girardelli Sunday. Oh, Girelli is great. Well done. Will Josh get rid of reservations? No. Josh invented reservations, y'all. I haven't seen the Hoppers movie. I I don't know. I've heard good things. Uh, let's see. I already got that one. Oh, thanks babe. >> The water okay. >> Hang on. Okay. Let me see if I can't get this thing started now. Captain C, I saw Josh talking about how people like Smuggler's Run, but they don't love it. He's right. We don't love it and it needs to be something needs to happen with Smuggler Run. I agree. Annie Barkawitz skip the $5. Thank you. Uh, what's the best restaurant in Downtown Disney and what restaurant needs to go? Best restaurant in Downtown Disney. Probably Dentai. Uh I I feel like Jazz Kitchen needs to go. If it if I had to pick one, I would pick Jazz Kitchen. Mostly because it's way way way overpriced. Uh it's just not a good value for the quality of food that you're getting. Okay, I need a re I need a a refresh on that order. Uh CBCJR give the $10. Thank you. I thought Bob Chapick came up with the reservation system as part of his yield management version vision. Well, uh that's a parks that's an operational thing for parks and uh Josh was president of parks at the time. So, I mean, maybe it was maybe it was Chapek. I guess we could blame that on Chapik, too. But Josh certainly had a hand in that that was if you're I guess what I'm trying to say is it happened on his watch. So, we either give credit and complaint to the person who's running the company at the time decisions are made or we don't I suppose right uh like not every single decision is made by the president or the CEO. They they don't make like chapek or Iger have they don't care about the price of churros. That's not a thing that they're worried about or in charge of. So we have to at least consider the possibility that that was a Josh thing because it happened on his watch. Did right. [laughter] Yeah. Because once Yeah. Once Chapic Once Chapek ascended to CEO, that's when tomorrow became Parks. Yes. Okay. I had to second guess myself there for a minute. Okay. Uh let's see. Disneyland. Uh let's see. Nate gifted six bucks. Thank you. Two hot chocolates and a cinnamon funnel cake from Hungry Bear. Roger that. No thanks. Let's hope things go well tonight. Okay, by the tree. Let's go by you country. Hungry bear now. All right. Uh, okay. Let's see. Oh, man. That food looks good. The Okay, so it was cinnamon funnel cake. They have cinnamon. Oh, that's cheesecake. They have cinnamon funnel cake fries. I only see the cinnamon funnel cake fries. Is that what we want? There's the berry cheesecake funnel cake fries and then the cinnamon sugar cinnamon sugar funnel cake fries. That is it. Okay. Okay. Jugger cruiser, get the two bucks. Thank you. Blame all of the Bobs. Josh will not be different. I mean, he won't, I don't think. Uh, do they have hot chocolate? Yes, they do. Two hot chocolates. One. I can't just [laughter] guys. It's not a smorgusborn. Okay. [laughter] It's not a buffet. [laughter] [laughter] Uh, okay. Um, let me see. Oh, okay. Vita says, "Yeah, that is it." Okay, never mind. All right. No, that was just somebody messing around, I think. Okay, we got it. Add that card. Okay. Okay. So far so good. Oh no. What have I done? Damn it. I I curse myself. I jinx myself. Okay, we did it. Your code is 4460. Order number is 4460. And if you are there, I can hit the I'm here button. Waffle countenance. Get the $20. Thank you. Hi, David. Just got here. Did I miss any falling tree discussion? Uh, we discussed it, but I don't really have a lot of information about it other than to say it looks like they've already taken the tree out. Uh, question. Everybody's favorite tree at Disneyland. Mine is the cork tree across from the Haunted Mansion. Uh, mine is the uh, Dominguez tree. Courtney Huggin, gifted $5. Thank you. Uh, I'm going to Disneyland during Christmas for the first time. Aiming for November 30th to December 3rd. Hopefully that's a good time. I mean, it'll be busy. It'll be busy. J Phil, give the $10. Thank you. We were at Disneyland Paris in December. The Autotopia cars there were hybrid, had collision warning, and were slow. Is this what we have to look forward to at Disneyland? I I probably I would say probably. Yeah. I don't know why they would try to reinvent that wheel. Uh okay. So, am I good to go here? Let me see. Vita is still Oh, still watching the Mark Twain. So, I should wait then. I'll wait. >> [snorts] >> Andrew, I mean, not bad. I wouldn't want I wouldn't want to slow them down, though. That would be so dude, they're already slow. Uh, they're already slow and boring. People already have that complaint. That's that's already a thing. Oh, VA said they're there. I can hit the Okay. Are we sure? Okay, roger that. Button is pressed. Four. What' I say? 4460. Yeah, 4460. Victoria gets the $5. Thank you. What after dark events are you planning on attending? Just OogieOogie. That's it. I'm s This is just coffee. It's not hot anymore though, unfortunately. It's kind of just warm. Well, that tree is big news. Everybody keeps asking about the tree. Should I make the tree the thumbnail? [laughter] Because there's some big stories happening this week, you guys. We have an update on uh that Indiana Jones Jungle Cruise deck thing. Big news there. Um let's see. Probably going to have more fence to look at tomorrow. Nate, give the two bucks. Thank you. 500 of you need to hit the like button. Wow, that is quite a disparity. Nate's right. There are 756 people in the stream and only 200 I does that even matter? What does the algorithm say about liking live streams? Does Does the Does the algorithm have a preference on that? Jungle Cruiser gift five bucks. Thank you. Could you imagine 12 mph autotopia with no rails? No, I cannot. Uh it must have been amazing. Too bad we humans ruined it. Yeah. Uh that's probably why because we we ruined it. Yeah. David, do you think they sold too many annual passes? They sold as many as they wanted to. They because they stopped selling them. They they opened it up and then they stopped selling them for a little while and that means that they're done selling them. So, uh I don't know if it's too many or not. probably know actually there aren't as many annual passholders in the park as people think. That's my opinion anyway. Uh all you have to do is look at look at Monday look at the state of Disneyland report. The the annual passholders were not in the park that day. That is not a day that annual passholders typically go to the park unless they're the kind of annual passers who like to go in the rain specifically. There's been a lot of rumblings that there are big Disneyland resort announcements coming this week. Lots of media people on site, including Gustin. Yeah. Uh uh Drew is here and Andrew's or I mean Andrew Scott is here. Now what that they're I think they're here. Drew said he was here for this for the 25th for DCA. I don't know. I don't know if that's if that's I don't I'm not expecting anything. We got D23 coming up. I don't think they're going to make any big news short of D23 to be perfectly honest. Uh that's happening in just you know what, uh four months, five months. So uh I don't think we're going to hear any big news. No, but I hope I run into those guys tomorrow when I'm in the park. On a busy day, how many total people are in the Magic Kingdom? I don't know. Uh I only know Disneyland. [laughter] If you meant Disneyland, then uh it used to be uh fire marshall capacity I think was 80,000 I think. Uh or was it 60,000? Now I can't remember if that was 60 or 80. But Disney has cut that back. They don't go to fire marshal capacity anymore. Uh they keep it down to like I would say on the busier day um 40 45,000. [snorts] Any rumors about steakhouse delay? No. Other than uh that it's not happening. Nothing's happening. Uh but I don't know if that's if there's reasons for that. if it could I I originally had heard it was issues with um [snorts] uh the original delays were with if they were going to keep the foundation or not uh or if they were going to try to build the thing completely from scratch and then they got that resolved and started doing the demo again. Uh but I don't know what's going on now. But there's obviously there's an obvious delay happening at the steakhouse. What tortilla Joe's is what we're talking about. Um something's wrong there. >> [snorts] >> uh Darcy [sighs] every week. Every week gift of $5. Thank you. At Magic Kingdom Disney supposedly planning on relocating Mansion's queue to Fantasy Land once Cars opens. Magic uh Magic Kingdom capacity is over 100,000, but Epcot is over Yeah, there's some much bigger parks. So, that sounds right. It's weird though because uh a large part of the capacity is determined by rides and and and shops. And are there more? It's got it just bigger. Uh cinema shoots gifted five bucks. Thank you. Hey, Fresh Break just went to Walt Disney World for the first time doing the college program here. Very interesting to see the point of view being a cast member at Magic Kingdom. Uh elaborate, tell us more. And Morris, what are your expectations for the new Avengers? Right. I don't mind saying I'm, you know, to be perfectly honest, I have very, very, very low expectations. My expectation is that I'm not going to like it. I'm hoping that I don't and I'm hoping that they impress me, but frankly, I'm just not I'm not into screenbased attractions. I'm just not into it. So, they could be, you know, technologically the most forward thinking in the world. Sorry, I don't know what my deal is, man. I got brain cloud tonight. I keep swearing. But I'm just not into it. I'm just not into that. I would I would, you know, [sighs] I'm just sick of screens, man. [laughter] Just sick of screens. Ah, what land is the best to do at Walt Disney World? I'm going to go with Tomorrowland. I think Tomorrowland is the best land at Disney World. [snorts] State of the bucket report is coming up, Nathan. We'll be doing that on Friday for sure. Tomorrow, that is Jungle Cruiser, get the two bucks. Thank you. Per Google, it is 85 to 100K with 10K cast members. That's Magic Kingdom you're talking about, right? Yeah. Mr. Ry, so did not like Ratatouille at Epcot. I am not a fan of the Ratatouille, right? No, me neither. You know, I I was one of my biggest regrets. The one time I've been to Disneyland Paris, we decided to rope drop we rope dropped uh the other park, the Hollywood Studios type park. Uh because a I heard the t the crush the turtle talk crush ride whatever was good and Ratatouille. It was a new experience and I you know I wanted to and I I was not impressed with either one of them and I feel like that was the biggest waste of you know an hour and a half or so and it it caused us to miss Tomorrowland at [snorts] Disneyland Paris uh at the at the Disneyland Pariside. So, Magical Monday. I didn't realize I hated screen rides until became an adult and went to Universal. Dude, that's why I I've given up on Universal, man. I mean, thank goodness they're building Fast and Furious, but I can't I I just can't get into Universal. I've tried. I've tried so hard. I wanted to work that into my rotation so badly, but it's just there's it's just so many screens, Transformers, and uh even the good ride. Even um you know uh what do you call it? Bowsers, Bowsers, whatever. That should have just been a plain practical dark ride. Um then you got the Hippogrith or uh not Hypocr um uh what do we call you know the Harry Potter ride. Uh, it's just just too many screens, man. Too many screens. The best ride they have there is the pet ride. Jungle Cruiser gets the two bucks. No, Disneyland. I wait. I feel like context is necessary. Oh, that's Disneyland. No way. No, it is not. That can't be right. Thoughts on Trader Sam's Reverb? I have no idea what they're doing, so I don't know. I don't know what thoughts I would have yet. Uh I haven't any at the moment. Aaron, get the $5. Thank you. My brother and I are big fans of you, David. Thank you for all your hard work. Thank you. What do you think are the odds of us in California getting a Villains Land? Uh zero, I guess. Where are you going to put it? Well, I mean, they could put it, I guess, in one of the Disneyland forward expansions, but I'm not expecting that. Uh but yeah, where does it go? Where do you where do you put it? Unless it goes into villains land. I mean into Disneyland forward. Josh Universal gets so boring so fast because only a few rides are actually inventive and well there's only a few rides period. Let's name the rides upstairs. There's one, right? I don't call I don't count super silly Funland. Okay, so there's the pet ride. Eventually they're going to have Fast and Furious. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. Harry Potter Town. So, there's Okay, so we won't count Harry uh Fast and Furious yet. A pet ride. Two Harry Potter rides go downstairs. Uh you got Jurassic, which is great. Uh the uh you know, Super Mario. Then you got um Mummy and uh Transformers and um the tram. We're at eight. And then you got uh Simpsons. That's nine. That's it. Nine rides in the whole park, right? If we don't count If we don't count Super Silly Funland. Nine rides. And half of those, you know, aren't for well, all of those pretty much. Wait, which one of those are for kids? Pets in Hypocr maybe. Pets and Hippigth and and the tram. I get Can kids do Simpsons? There's not 18. [laughter] 18. Oh, yeah. They can do Super Nintendo. Okay. Oh, Minions. I forgot about Minions. Does that count? That That ride is so terrible, you guys. The Minions ride is an absolute travesty. That Kung Fu Panda is not a ride. Um, that's just a movie. You sit down and watch a movie. Uh, no, Simpson Simpson is not closing as far as I know. But yeah, there's only there's only a couple rides that the kids can go on. You're done. You get there at the right time, you can be done by noon. I think I did a speedrun there once. It was it was fast. Uh, Alex, get the $5. Thank you. I miss the washing machines. I don't I much like this environment up here better. Thank you, Dev. Give the $5. Thank you. Going to Disney in September uh 27. I don't I know it's a long ways away, but any long-term projects or rumors? I I couldn't predict that. That's a little too far away. Yeah, I mean the Avatar should probably be underway by then. They might be wrapping up Avengers by then. The Avengers might be open, maybe. Let's see. Um, Darc Dak only has five rides. Yeah, I know. I That's not something I'm happy about either, but the good thing about Animal Kingdom is that unlike Universal Studios, the environment is the reason why you're there. You're there to be in the Animal Kingdom. It is 100% completely and fully immersive. You are part of an experience when you go to Animal Kingdom. I cannot say the same for Universal Studios Hollywood. Your experience between rides at Hollywood is absolute ass. Okay? [laughter] Your experience at Hollywood is it's terrible. It's it's it's not even an experience. They they do nothing absolutely nothing to create an immersive environment except for perhaps uh you know uh Megatron Megatron's awesome and then you got the you got the Italian guys yelling at you in New York and that's about it. There's no ex I mean and that's why you have that's why uh you know Harry Potter town was such a big deal because that was that was a fully themed fully realized land. everything else. Well, Nintendo's Nintendo, dude, Nintendo world is chaos. >> It is absolutely chaos in Nintendo world. If you get there on a busy day, you can barely hear yourself think. It's it's it's it's absolute madness. Um, so no, I don't I don't I wouldn't give uh I wouldn't make the same complaint about I do wish there were more rides, and part of that is because they're closing rides so they could build new ones. Um, but no, Animal Kingdom is a wonderful place to be. I don't like being at Hollywood at Universal Hollywood. I don't like being there. Sorry. Theme parks and things get the $5. Thank you. I I for Star Wars month would like to bring back the old Star Tours for just a limited time. You wing the one with uh with the Johnny 5. [laughter] Uh Jungle Cruiser gift of $10. Thank you. Disneyland's official maximum fire marshall capacity is generally recognized to be around 85 to 90,000 guests with 10,000 cast members. Okay. Uh are they including the No, they probably wouldn't. Yeah. See, so that sounds a little bit more a little bit more I can't imagine 100,000. I've never heard that number before. And I it's not that I know per se. It's just there's numbers that I've heard and uh and they were around the 80,000 number. Um, but I don't I don't think I've ever heard a h 100red thousand. No. What's the one thing that new Disney CEO can do to improve Disney? Give a about guests. I keep doing it. I'm sorry. They can start caring more about us, putting us first. They're never going to do it because they don't have the balls to do it because they're they're too busy, you know, counting dollars. But if they could just all they have to do because if you want to think, oh, what would Walt do? Well, Walt would do what what he thought was right for the guests. I feel pretty safe in saying that. I feel like I feel like what we know about Walt is enough to say that, you know, he did he was a capitalist, but he also he he was a he was a field of dreams kind of guy, you know, uh he was a field of dreams guy. He was if you build it, they will come guy, right? So he had he had faith that putting on a good show and making good product would be enough to to make him wealthy and it did. And they forgot that they they now now it's the opposite. It's about, you know, the numbers first. Uh it's about the money first. It's about, you know, capacity and uh per guest spending and and and profit per square foot. I swear to God, I swear to God, it makes me insane to think about how things have changed in that regard and and how easy it is to fix that. If people just cared more about you and me, if they just cared more and thought about us first, everything else would just solve itself. It would all just solve itself. They wouldn't have to make decisions. They wouldn't have to make decisions because the decision would just be what does the guest want? You know, what would make the guest happy? Or not even that, per se, because I I you know, people say, "Well, you know, you ask a guest, what kind of rides do you want?" And they're going to give you the the dumbest answers. Typically, they're going to they're going to say, "Where's my you know, I want a Hercules ride. >> [laughter] >> You know, like that we're not very creative as a as a whole. Some people are creative. It reminds me of that line from Do you guys watch uh Men in Black, right? Men in Black. Families. Yes. Thank you. Families, too. When they were he was trying to convince Will Smith to join the Men in Black and you know, he's like, you know, there's aliens and we're going to we're going to go, you know, keep the world safe from aliens. We can't. It's all a big secret though. you have to give up your entire life. Everything everything you know is a secret. And Will Smith says, "Well, how could why don't we just tell people? People are smart. People can handle it." And and Tommy Lee says, "Well, a person is smart. A person is smart, but people are dumb." [laughter] Like the populace, you a million people can't be trusted with like, you know, they would just it it becomes you just can't trust that decision. So that's why they need to that would be my second thing is is is uh do what's good for the guest. Do what the G what what do what guests would love. Think about the guests and let creatives create. Stop trying to get in the way of imagineering and stop uh trying to, you know, control it and just let creators create. Let creators create and do their do what they do best and let them express themselves and the people will watch, the people will follow. I'm glad people took that the best possible way because like I'm not saying that you are, you know what I mean? Like, but society like I mean, [laughter] look at look at the look at the television shows that we get on television and why do we have the why do we get nothing but sequels? You know, why do we get nothing but sequels? Why do we get why did why did we get nothing but superhero movies for five years? Because, you know, uh there's creative people out there making very creative movies, but people aren't going to see them. So, the the money is in the duplicate crap. The money's in the slot. You know, that's where the money is. It's in the lowest common denominator. [snorts] So, we brought that on ourselves as as a populace. Yeah. reality TV. Reality TV. Well, here's the thing. Why Why can't they make it? But the problem is is that they did, guys. They made Wish kind of uh Ilio um they made some other, you know, original films and people didn't go to see them. They they tried from time to time. They try, but we don't go to see them. So, you can't have that complaint. You can't say it's Disney's fault, per se, because we don't make the right choices. Element Element struggled to make money at first. It It took incredible word of mouth for that movie to make to make a profit. It almost didn't. Somebody said I missed a chat. Really? I haven't had a chat in a while. Well, here we go. CBC Jr. get the $10. Thank you. I mentioned last live stream they use California 3-day tickets to pro promote Magic Keys. That's a sage point. Disney sent me a survey after my first visit and asked if I wanted to buy a magic key. I but I still think that they only sell as many as they want to. It's not open-ended. Oh, here we go. I think this is the one I missed. Eric's here. Gifted $5. Thank you. It was a dream of ours to see you at the parks. You made our day yesterday. Well, thank you for saying that. That's kind. I'll give you a thumbs up for that. Thank you for everything you do. You have made our stay very enjoyable. Glad to hear that. Uh Jungle Cruiser, did you I see a message retracted. I'm going to assume that's the one I already read. Lightyear, Strange World, and Snow White should have done billions. Well, those are all Well, no. Uh, Strange World isn't, but Strange World was an original film that didn't do well at all. Now, the the problem with Strange World, though, wasn't the woke part of it or anything like that. It was a bad story. It just was not a very good story. It was poor. Uh, so I I I can't I don't want to say that that's our fault. People, I think, wanted to probably see Strange World, but it turned out to suck. So, and it's not even for those reasons. In my opinion, it was just a stupid story. I didn't enjoy it at all. Sturgey Bay, get the $10. Thank you. I love this discussion. It was all about the creating the focuses charge back to money. You're right. Our choices, that's the thing. And people say that speak with your wallets and then they don't. It's one thing to say it, it's another thing to do it. Now, here's the thing. I really like Zootopia, too. [laughter] >> [gasps] >> I got a little, you know, it was parts of it was like, oh my god, it's just one one bit after another. Another gag. Here's a gag. Here's a gag. Here's a gag. But I mean, that's fine. Um, but I really enjoyed Zootopia 2. I didn't care for Lilo and Stitch. I stopped watching I tried watching Lilo and Stitch, the live action. It didn't do anything for me. Um, I enjoyed No, Moana was okay. Moana 2 was only okay. They That was a tryhard. Uh I haven't I still haven't seen Inside Out 2. I still haven't seen it. Will I see live action tangled? I mean I don't know. I don't have time for this anymore. I don't have time. I'm so freaking busy, you guys. I just now Well, I want I I got I was like, "Okay, I'm gonna finally watch Andor." Yeah, I'm gonna finally watch Andor. And I'm like, "No, I can't. I got to watch Andor One first again. So, I'm I'm re-watching Andor One. I'm I'm I'm making my way through that. We're like halfway, but it just I just I I can only watch I only have so much time, you know? I only have so much time. All right, guys. It's 8 o'clock. I hope you guys enjoyed fresh based. [laughter] I should change the I should change the name of the live stream to fresh based, shouldn't I? Thumbs up if if I should call it that or give me a whatever. Uh, I'll see you guys next week and stay tuned. I don't know if I'm going to have the video out tomorrow. It may be Saturday. Uh, I the uh our our trip from Wednesday night. I don't think I'm going to have it done in time uh for tomorrow. So, uh we'll see you soon. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Is that my wife? What's up? You waiting for me? Why? We're coming to say good night. >> We're saying good night. >> Say good night, Gracie. >> Good night. Bye. >> We love you guys. Be safe. Be fa or be safe. Be kind. Fresh baked. [snorts]
