---
video_id: 69dSAQL6O68
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Pirates of the Caribbean Is Closing — And Blue Bayou Has a Secret"
published: 2026-04-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69dSAQL6O68
---
Disney says we're getting a modified dining experience at the Blue Bayou. I've read that phrase 11 times and I still don't know what it means. I don't think that's an accident. Pirates is also closing. We'll get into that. Plus, something changed at Adal Vice this week that makes the Montreal situation a little more interesting. We'll get to that next, but let's get started out here at Pirates of the Caribbean, which is closing on May 4th for an unknown amount of time. We don't know yet what or how long that closure is going to be. We're not even sure what they're doing in there. Although I expect it should be similar to what we've seen in the past. Updating Rockwork perhaps, you know, in terms of guest facing stuff. Uh not so much scene changes, but just making the the refreshing things that need to be refreshed and perhaps also some uh offstage or backstage type updates to improve the attraction mechanically. Not that it needs it. Pirates is incredibly reliable. But the Pirates closure is only part of the story. As you would expect, when you close Pirates of the Caribbean, they're going to also close Blue Bayou. It's the restaurant that's located inside the attraction. If you get a seat on the rail, you can watch Pirates Boats go by. Or if you're on a pirates boat, you can see everybody enjoying their gumbo and Monte Cristo sandwiches perhaps. It's it's an intimate situation. And the two things are, you know, they go together quite well. It's what makes Pirates and Blue Bayou both incredibly memorable as an experience. But if you're going to close Pirates, then you have to close Blue Bayou because it's simply part of the experience. I can't imagine going to Blue Bayou without pirates running. It almost seems pointless. But what's interesting is that as I understand it, we don't know yet officially what the close dates are for either Pirates or Blue Bayou. But as I'm hearing it, they're going to open Blue Bayou before they're done with Pirates of the Caribbean, which is just a complete mystery to me. I cannot process how why they would want to do that or who would want to have lunch at Blue Bayou without boats going by or even with the sound possibly of construction happening. though I I have to assume that at least that part of things that part of the attraction will be without interruption. Perhaps even more interesting is that part of the story of Blue Bayou closing is that it's going to reopen with quote unquote a modified dining experience. I'm I don't know how to wrap my head around that. Like are they going to change the Blue Bayou? Is the Blue Bayou going to change? Certainly the there, you know, the the restaurant itself is going to remain untouched. Certainly the view of Pirates will be the same. I'm going to imagine that they're still going to serve gumbo and Monte Cristo sandwiches and probably a steak and a salad or a pasta or whatever. But what about the experience is going to be modified? Because that's the part that's the part that creates the energy that creates the desire to go to Blue Bayou is the Blue Bayou experience, not the food, per se, which is fine. I mean, it is expensive and it's better than going to the Harbor Galley, I guess. Uh, but it's there because you're having an a unique singular Disneyland experience. So, when you tell me you're going to modify the dining experience, what does that mean? I don't that's that's that's a rhetorical question. I don't know. I'm asking you perhaps or maybe I should say it's not a rhetorical question. What does that mean? I don't have an answer. I want to know what a modified dining experience at Blue Bayou is. You can still go. We have another month to go before uh that closure happens. closing on May 4th. I have half of mine to get in there and and dine at Blue Bayou before and then do it again after. I mean, you know, work is work, right? Oh, no. I have to have lunch at the Blue Bayou. Uh, but I want to know what that change might be. Uh, so my as my understanding, like I said, we don't know when when Pirates is going to reopen. As I understand it, Blue Bayou closing also on May 4th. Probably going to be clo or reopen before the end of the month. So that does mean, by the way, we should assume that Pirates is going to be closed into June. So the the the closure, it's going to be at least a month for that. Uh but then they're they're saying that that Blue Bayou should open before the end of the uh the month of May, not into June, but expect that for Pirates. Fascinating developments at Pirates of the Caribbean. I'm completely like I this has got my full attention now. I heard about this, you know, recently because I've been off the grid for a while. I heard about it and it just it's just I can't get my head around this. One thing that we can update you on, one thing we do have a new development. Let's get into that. Let's get into what's happening at Adalvice next. When we arrived on this day, I saw there was new scaffolding up on the exterior where they they they had scaffolding it before, then they took it down or no, they didn't have scaffolding. I'm sorry. It was just the the the it was down in the ground. They but now we have scaffolding up on the side of the building and you can see it's close relationship there with the Montreal track. Very close relationship. I'm going to hazard a guess you can't run the Montreal while that scaffolding is up. That doesn't work. Is that a reason? Is that at least one of the reasons why they're closing the Montreal? Well, now we can say that I was at least partially right. You remember last week I said that I have a theory that whatever they're doing here at Idol or Adobe and this uh the the extended seating area has to do with the closure of the Montreal. I felt like that those two things were connected. So we could say it is at least that it's at least that they can have the Montreal run by here while they've got scaffolding up at Adobe. Now that's sort of a again another inconsequential update. Seems like a lot just to close the Montreal, but I guess you have to do it. But didn't they just didn't they just repaint all this anyway? This is so confusing. It's got to be more. There's got to be more to this Montreal thing. Got to be. I want to take this opportunity to invite you guys to take a look at our preferred travel affiliate getaway today. If you are looking to plan a trip, if you like what you're seeing at Disneyland, all the videos that we making, if you like the videos that we just did from Walt Disney World, you're like, "Oh my god, look how much fun they're having. I want to go to Walt Disney World." Well, you start by contacting the beautiful people at Getaway Today, a familyrun operation, not some giant business, you know, that you're giving your money to. It's a familyrun operation full of super sweet, nice, friendly, knowledgeable people. We love them and we hope we think you will it too and they're going to do a great job planning your vacation. Use the . Let them know Fresh Bake sent you. And I hope you guys have a great trip. Well, let's see what we can see over the wall. We don't The Monteray is closed, so we can't see from that angle. Uh but best as I can tell, this situation looks about as we found it last week with, you know, when those overthe-wall shots. Uh they're still tearing up concrete down there. We'll move a little bit further down to the left and see if anything's better there, but no, that looks I can't see the ground. So, there's not much to report on that angle. There's that new development. And then there's also a what I think is a new development back here uh backstage. We've been I've been watching this. That looks like dirt again, but the the scene has changed somewhat. The visuals are different than they were last week. There was a fence back there and now that fence is gone. You guys, there is something something happening back there. But again, I don't know if this is related to whatever they're doing in Fantasy Land. I don't know if this is a construction project, but there's movement. They're up to something back there. I just can't tell what it is or what. But the scene has changed. And I I kind of have a feeling with regard to the Montreal, I said last week, this this could be another reason why they closed the Montreal, so that we don't see whatever the hell it is that they're doing back there. Here's another look. I I need somebody to tell me what I'm looking at. Meanwhile, from this distance, we can the the scrim is a little bit uh the light is right, so we can kind of see through the scrim on what's happening on that seating area, and it looks to be pretty much in place. They haven't modified that at all. I again I that's another thing I don't know. I thought maybe they were trying to expand that but I can't say if they have because you would think by at this point by now we would see some sort of action there. The water and everything else is still intact exactly as it was before they started. Let's go to Main Street where the scrims are down. Huzzah. I love this. I love when the scrims are down that we get to see what they're up to. It turned out to be a very windy day which is why they they took the scrims down. Not a lot of action. This is Good Friday, so there's not a lot of work being done. Uh, but we can see that there's paint happening. A lot of new paint there. That's new white paint on the exterior there and new red paint on the trim. They've got the windows taped up and everything to make sure that it doesn't bleed onto the glass, etc. So, that's where they're at right now is updating each and every one of these facads to make them look brighter and more vibrant and more saturated and more pleasing to the eye so Main Street guests can be happy without even knowing in the, you know, in a month from now that they even did this. It's just going to look like it always has for 70 years, which is wonderful. I absolutely love that Disney does this and uh I I don't mind the scrim and scaffold here at all. There's an update on the uh arcade. It looks like they've got some a bunch of tape up there. So, yeah, they're they're repainting all the trim there. Everything else is covered up. There's the omnibus. Love you too, Omnibus. Meanwhile, get a closer look at the windows. Yeah, more tape, more You can see the brick work is being protected there as well, so they can uh uh paint the trim out on the on the windows. And as we slide left, we can see there it is that Carnation Company sign. This is a big deal, you guys, because that sign is 70 years old. You don't see it anymore. When they're done, that'll be hidden. They'll put the new sign on top of it. The the Carnation Cafe sign goes on top of that. But that sign was put up 70 years ago. 71 now. Amazing. We'll head to Adventure Land to check in on the Jungle Cruise where the scrim uh are down as well here. They're going to be down everywhere we look today. But I can't tell anything there. That's just a That's just a mess of of scaffolding and I can't really tell what's going on there. There's very little action. Oh, there's a guy. Okay, so he's refinishing. He's adding a new finish to that particular uh support column. Uh that wood support there. He's adding new finish to that. Looking from the other angle. No action on this side. I It's difficult to tell. We're on the ground. They're up there. That's difficult. What can I say? There's another construction worker there. He's down on the ground doing more refinishing is my best guess. Rosita telling jokes. Meanwhile, we can see that some of the boats have moved. This was full of boats last week. Now we see nothing but water. Uh but yeah, they so they've moved the boats around a little bit. Looking through here, something dangling there. There's a an orange tag hanging from the ceiling. Not sure what that is. And then now this is interesting that I think they have is that new wood that they haven't added finish to. I can't remember if that wood is the natural color or if that's been stripped uh and they have and they're applying a new finish. Maybe that's what they've been working on. Let's go next door to Indiana Jones. And that looks different. The part I think the the particle board has been removed, has it not? Is that the is that the original surface of that deck? I feel like it is. Matter of fact, I kind of feel like that's not even the old deck. That looked awfully new and not aged and rotted. Well, I don't know about new is the right word, but it doesn't look rotted, but I I I it's hard for me to tell. Yeah, I can't tell if that's particle board that has been, you know, uh dirtied or whatever. Meanwhile, no action uh on the water tower up there. this this little thing that whatever they're doing here has not moved at all. Uh everywhere I look, I'm just not seeing anything. No action, no no visible work being done. You can kind of see through with my eyes, not with the lens. The camera can't see through the mesh, but I was looking back through there and it almost it kind of looks like they are setting a I don't know how to put this. It's new wood, but I don't know if that wood is meant to be the platform, the new platform. I I can't even tell for sure if if the old platform, the old deck was removed or if this is actually somewhere to the right, but it does look like new wood. I'm just not certain if it's a new deck, a new platform, or if it's just something there temporarily because I don't imagine I can't see I can't figure how they would be able to build there while they have that scrimmage scaffold up. That build would be interrupted by that scrimmage scaffold. You wouldn't be able to operate it down there. So, I'm not sure what's happening. We'll go next door to check in on the Adventure Land Treehouse where there is still no water. Water is not running. Very dry, very static looking scene here. Uh, you know, the the buckets aren't working. The wheels not working. And I was just recently at Swiss Family Treehouse in Walt Disney World. Theirs is working great. Theirs looks great. Good job, Magic Kingdom. I'm hoping ours can get back to that state soon. Can't hear that. It's faint, but it's there. Was completely gone for a while. It's back, but it's still not super loud like it was. I can live with this. I think. Yeah, that's fine. Okay, I can live with that. We'll take a quick peek. We'll climb the treehouse. look over the fence here to see if anything has developed from the top view of that, you know, that Q area down there. But again, this looks I'm almost have half a mind to think that they're doing something offsite that they've taken they've taken this, you know, the tower there and they're working out offsite and then they're going to reinstall it because that's the only thing I could think of that explains why they've had this thing behind Scrim and Scaffold for a few weeks now and we've seen literally nothing happening like as if that well as if they've done nothing. So, that that's the only thing I can think of. I think that they're going to prefab these changes and then just drop them in hole when they're done. And taking another look there. I I can't tell if that's the old wood, new wood, or what. I'm not sure. There's the monkey. His timing is still a little off. All right, let's head out real quick to the transportation hub out there uh at the Bag Check Off Harbor for an update on Well, it's a brief one. We did a whole video about what's going on with the Toy Story buses, but we we did uh come out here to this middle section here just to kind of observe there's a lot of activity with new shuttles and new buses uh dropping off guests. Uh it's no longer just an array of those blue art buses. The art buses are gone. As of April 1st, the ART bus system is no longer in service, and it's being replaced by a variety of, as I mentioned, shuttles and buses, including new buses for Disney guests parking at the Toy Story parking lot. We did a whole video on that on Saturday. I hope you guys check that out. But just know that everything is seems to be working fairly efficiently. I guess that I didn't notice any sort of visible uh major interruption in service. It is quite fascinating though to watch all this happen. I encourage you uh to check out that video that we did uh of the buses, you know, that the what's happening with the Toy Story bus line and all for all the, you know, hotels on Harbor, etc. Meanwhile, uh something that we haven't checked in on for a little bit is that construction work that was happening on the other side of the street on Harbor where the bus stop is. That job is done. We can see through this the scrim is gone. every all that black top that you're looking at right there in that frame is brand new. That's where they were doing that construction. Uh buses and everything are back on action. You can see that's where the new surface ends and the old surface begins. But we can see that they have there's now a scrim on the on the rear portion of that. And there are again construction crews back there on the road behind the road. There's construction crews and there is an excavator back there as well. Taking a look across the street, I don't see anything happening. That's the future site of the bridge that's going to connect the new parking structure to Disneyland, but nothing happening there. Meanwhile, out here on Harbor and Disney, that's the completed Ballards here again on the opposite side of the street. They're, as we called last week, they're doing the same thing now on this side of things on the Garden Walk side of the street. Matter of fact, they've actually built a little temporary path here. You can see that one lane is closed. That should I'm standing in the right turn lane as I look at this. You can see that they've built that that surface there and I'm in the right turn lane as I record this. Uh I guess they have to get, you know, so guests can walk through there. So that's the latest on Harbor. Let's get out to Catella and Disneyland Drive to see what's happening uh on the side of the road there as they prepare to, you know, uh get things ready for the Coco attraction and whatever else they might be doing in terms of the street, what's happening on the street. Nothing to report over the fence though. I couldn't see anything new in this situation. It looks a little busier. There's pallets back there and there's lots of staging happening, but no visible work that I can tell. Across the way on Disneyland Drive, you can see that the scrim is completely installed. That fence is now completely covered. Um, so guests will not be able to see through there as they walk by, even though they can't walk by right now because that sidewalk is closed. But yeah, the scrim is up and uh very little there's not a lot of action here. As I mentioned, it's Good Friday, so there's very light crews out here. Uh, but I did see a little bit going on. I think that there's Is that crew back there? Yeah, that looks like an excavator back there. A ghost of one, a shadow of an excavator digging somewhere on what used to be uh a service road back there. This side clearly, like before, it's been completely cleared out. Trees, everything gone. Nothing but sunshine. And then we still have the palm trees and those other trees on down the side of that road. Undetermined if they going to be clearing those out. We'll stay tuned. Let's go to the Pixar Place Hotel and see what that scene looks like from above. More dirt than concrete. That's for sure. Like this was half and half last week. It was half black top, half dirt. Maybe not even maybe more black top than dirt. Uh but this is almost completely Okay. So there you can see the the line of demarcation there where that excavator is where the surface was the black top or I should say is still it's gone where the excavator is but it's still there to its right and I think that's where we saw another excavator behind that scrim when we were on Disneyland drive. I think that's in there somewhere. There it is. Yeah, right in the right third of your frame there working on what? I don't know. the far corner backstage. I can still see that it looks like they've got some cones and and tape up there. So, they're they're getting ready to section things off. They're creating spa, you know, areas of go no go for for backstage, you know, uh crew of staff, cast members, etc. You know, they're sectioning things off I presumably to get ready to do something. looking right down the gap at those three buildings that are uh basically in the future Coco site. I'm going to be watching. See that little circular area right there where that guy's walking? I'm going to look for that fence to go right there. I'm going to look for a fence to close that off. I'm going to when they stop allowing delivery trucks and all that stuff heading backstage because there's still a lot of that going on. When they stop allowing that, uh, that's when we know they're about to get into something. Uh, the parade building, the float building there looks closed off so we can't see inside. That's the building that I'm expecting to be demoed. I do think the other two demos are going to survive. One more look at the ground back there. Lots of dirt. I do love me some construction dirt. That's put in one of my favorite things. All right, let's get on that Pixar palaround. I want to see how things look from the sky. Emotional whirlwind. Still closed. I'm not I got more to say on that, but uh it's still closed. Nothing's happening. No movement. I can't I I have yet to see any construction workers back there. Any engineers, any anything. Not sure what's happening there. There's backstage. That's what that's the, you know, the scene we just saw from Pixar Place Hotel. That's how it looks from the Pixar Palaround. And this looks exactly this. The the boat is still there. The boat is right where they left it. You want to get a look at the dirt? Okay, we got an excavator digging dirt back there. Oh, he's making big piles. Oh, I just love to see that. There you go. I have some dirt. Uh, this is potential. This is signs of progress. This is signs of something new happening back here. It's definitely definitely happening. When? Who knows? I mean, we're going to be doing this for years. Hello, Incred Coaster. They're going to be doing this for years before we find out. Uh that's for sure what this is going to look like. But where they are right now, possibly a show building for a Coco ride. We'll turn around and check out Avengers Infinity Defense while we're in the sky. You know what? Next week, I promise next week I'm going to do a before and after next week. I was not prepared for that this week. I'm going to do a before and after. I just want because it just looks the same to me every single week. I can't tell what they're doing in there. and and that's rightfully so because this is a closed building. It's an indoor attraction. So, they're going to make a box. They're going to close the box and they're going to put the ride inside the box and we're never going to know what's going on in there. Still no clue where they're at from here on the restrooms over to the left by the cozy cones. And let's get one more look at that dirt back there. I mean, they're starting to section things off. Stakes in the ground. They're making progress. So, let's get off the Pixar Palaron back to the Pixar Place Hotel. Take a look at the parking lot down there, the Simma parking lot, future home of something. But, uh, nothing to report this week. I don't expect to see anything here for a while. Although, I did hear a rumor summer. We may see something, some kind of action here in the summer. We'll see. So, I guess it looks like we're going to have to wait at least another week before we see any sort of action in the proper backstage area. Obviously, they're they're making a lot of progress on the service roads or that's what I'm just going to call it as a service road. I know it's not technically a service road. It's a service road for Disney. Uh but I I do expect from based on just what I'm hearing anecdotally uh that they're going to start closing off that area back there. So, uh maybe next week, maybe the week after. But what we're going to be looking for, as I mentioned, is primarily to see them, you know, close off that one area there. When that happens, then it's going to be all, you know, it's on. Game is on at that point. >> We'll go to Downtown Disney next for the latest on Earl Sandwich, which has been stalled out for a little bit, but we've got crew inside. They're installing stuff inside, which means they're building the actual restaurant. That's happening. We're still waiting for the outward appearances to develop. Uh they, you know, we still haven't seen the the Carnneby sign reinstalled. It was up for a minute and then they took it down. But things are looking good there, uh, for the Earl Sandwich. anything we can see over that wall. I saw some guys last week installing light fixtures in the in the ceiling. Can't really see anything this week. While we're here at Earls, we can see that the Montreal station is closed. And this is actually kind of unexpected. I knew that the Montero is closing and we just speculated earlier that it could be related to what's happening at Adal Vise, but I was not expecting to see us scrim up. Why do they need to scrim if they're not doing Well, look at that. They're It looks like they've tore up that awning there. That looks exposed. It looks like that's not how that's supposed to look. I think they're working on that awning, which is interesting because they just installed that. They just installed that like what three, four, five months ago or something. And finally, bucket check. It's still there. Has not moved since the wind and rain. Grizzly River Run. Boats in the water. Yes, it's open. I don't know why I'm excited about Boats in the water. Every time I come, I still have not I have not come by Grizzly River Run when it's open yet. Not when it was closed and not since it's reopened. It's been reopened for a week and I still have not seen humans on the river. They're there. I just haven't seen them. I'm also not seeing any geysers. There should be a geyser there and a geyser across the river. And as we look around, there should be a geyser in the river. No geysers. It looks beautiful. It sounds wonderful, but no geysers. Uh and yeah, so the the attraction is closed right now as of this morning, but uh you know, it is an open attraction. I checked around. I asked around and you know the the likelihood of me getting anything definitive is slim. But uh that what I was able to confirm was that they don't remember seeing them on while cuz the attraction's not open. Well, Milo was open. They don't recall seeing them on uh the geysers. So, and and they did say that sometimes when it's too cold, they don't turn them on. But, I mean, it's been hot as hell here recently. So, I'm not sure if that's it or not. We'll come back next week and keep checking. We mentioned earlier that emotional whirlwind is still closed and that is the case from the ground. Uh one thing we will observe though is that last week it was scrim. We could see through some scrim. Today it's construction walls. H I wonder situation just keeps getting worse and worse for emotional whirlwind. They've gone from scrim to construction walls. Construction walls are significantly more permanent than scrim is. Scrim says, "We don't want you to see what's going on right now, but it's going to be back online pretty soon." Construction wall says, "This thing is broke. It's going to be a few weeks. Just keep walking." Jump a jellyfish still in their reurb process uh with half covered attraction. The left side is closed, right side is open. Let's go over to Avengers Campus where the light is allowing us to see some action back there. They they're creating that that aged rock work back there. It looks like this is the restroom. That's the the exterior of the new restroom they're building that's going to, you know, I guess be Avengers Campus themed, which is neat. Uh I'm glad to see they're doing something with that. Meanwhile, at Avengers Infinity Defense, somewhere someday a thing is gonna, you know, we still don't know. D23 can't come soon enough because we still have no idea what the actual ride system is. We don't know what the ride system is. We don't know how much of this is projection, how much of it is uh is practical. We know nothing. All we see is steel uh and and that trust system and we know so little else. Looking forward to going to D23 this year and hoping Oh, there's some guys working. Okay, that's a thing. There's a guy out there doing something. One of many, I'm sure. Uh, D23. Hopefully, we get some concept art or some sort of news there. Uh, look at that. 100 minutes for Mission Breakout. And this is early in the morning, guys. This is like 10:00 a.m. 9:30, 10 a.m. Now, as we mentioned before, most likely this is going to be something that's going to be ongoing for probably until the beginning of summer. I don't think that they will stop, and they may not even be done by then, but they if they are going to stop, it will stop probably at the beginning of the summer. And uh as I'm This is unexpected. I did not know that this was in the works or in the plans. >> They've they've scrim or uh scrim around and scaffold and construction walls out in front of uh Philhar Magic. Yeah, man. No, it's probably nothing. It's just it's just paint and polish, I'm sure. But it's, you know, they don't put this on the schedule because it's not a ride. So, we we don't see this coming. Uh but they're just updating things. uh on on you know paint and polish on the exterior. I'm sure you can see the scrim in the construction walls going around the building and from the backside you can see that as well. Uh you can see the the scaffolding going up there. I don't know what they're doing beyond, you know, cosmetic type changes. I will say don't read too much into that in the sense that there's nothing happening. It's not a sign of you know Avatar or anything like that because there's nothing happening otherwise. Stage 17, same story. Monsters Inc. Nothing new happening there. So I wouldn't expect or I don't I don't think this is related. Now what they're doing at Philhar Magic inconsequential. That is true. But that doesn't mean it's not meaningful. Man, they're busy. There is meaning to what they're doing. What I can infer from this is that the Philhart Magic building itself that stage is that's a sign that this building is staying. Whatever it is that whatever plans they have for the backlot be that you know next year, two years or 10 years from now, it does not include the Philhorn Magic building. They would not put $1 into updating or keeping that building fresh looking if they had designs on destroying it in a few years. So that although we knew that already, we knew that the or we assumed that we had heard that that would be the case that the Philar Magic building and that show would be staying not impacted by the Avatar development. If we needed confirmation, that's it. Okay, with that, let's take a look at the reverb calendar uh at Disneyland. Jungle Cruise closed since the 17th. Still no date. Still no date for the Jungle Cruise according to the Disneyland reverb calendar. Uh inside out emotional whirlwind closed. No date. Now that's open-ended. No idea. They've had a couple dates in their past. They didn't get there. No idea what's happening. Roger Rabbits is closing on March or has closed on March 30th. I needed to get a Toontown. Uh no date for its return yet. Uh it's been closed for just under a week. Montreal is closed. No date for its return as well. Matter of fact, I don't think I got any dates, man. Uh Toy Story closing on April 6. By the time you see this, the Toy Story Midway Mania attraction will be closed and DCA will report on that as soon as we're able in terms of finding out what that might by doing. Buzz Lightyear is closed on April 13th. No truth to the rumor that we're getting the Magic Kingdom version of Buzz Lightyear. I'm kidding. That's not a rumor. I just said that right now, guys. I What I just said is not true. It's not a rumor. Don't turn that into a rumor. I was just kidding. Silly Symphony Swings are closed. They are no closing on April 27th. No known date for that as well. And as we mentioned, Pirates and Blue Bayou closing on May 4th. No confirmed dates as of yet for either of those location. And that's our show for this week, guys. Thank you very much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. And fresh bait.
