---
video_id: GdU_flWMOG4
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Slow days at Disneyland are a delight!"
published: 2026-03-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdU_flWMOG4
---
I promised in our Wednesday State of Disneyland report that I was going to come back on Wednesday. You've already seen the report. >> Went out on Wednesday. I'm here on Wednesday, but I promised that we're going to come back to Disneyland today to try to enjoy the park today. It was so dead on on Monday that I said I I want to come and take part of this. I want to be a part of the the the the quiet Disneyland magic. So, we're here on Wednesday. Although, I don't think it's going to be quite as dead as it was on Monday, but we're going to have just a day with you, me, and the camera. Nonetheless, I got plans for uh some some dark rides, some churros, some kind of treat, and that omnibus right there. Hang on. Hang on. >> Oh, good. Thanks. >> And is there any better way to start a Disneyland day than on a nostalgic trip down Main Street in an array of Main Street vehicles? I It's been a minute since I've been on the omnibus where we got the street car over here. That was a possibility. There goes the horseless carriage. I haven't seen the fire truck yet this morning, but I am uh just so very glad to be here on this omnibus and so glad that I'm going to get to just have a day. I really have begun I started doing this not long ago, maybe a few months ago, where I said, you know, I just want to have some more days of just, you know, enjoying the park and taking it in. And I'm really really enjoying these. And uh hopefully we get to find some uh really fun moments here for you today. Like this parade that Goofy's taking people on. Goofy's right there. He's in town square now, but he started he started over here at the gate where obviously where the cast or the characters come out. And he went around the uh town square like this. And then he had people cross the street over here and they were just following him like the pied piper. And then they wound up right here at town square. >> It looks like we might have just caught the end or the one of the last omnibuses because they're taking >> the street car backstage. Good morning. Which means there's going to be a show out here on Main Street and Town Square. Sing. >> Hi. >> Hi, Goofy. like so close to >> Donald's right there. Byebye. Goofy. I don't want to see the Mickey Mouse. >> I am a fan of >> I know it's right there. All righty friends, looks like we're about to reach our destination. Thank you so much for joining me down main street. Please remain fully seated into our parks and engine has turned off. Walk us up on your way down to some of those primals. I wish you all a lovely magical day today and enjoy here in the park. the mountain. >> Oh, mountain is scary. No uh commentary, no no oration from the driver on the way up Main Street there. Not that I mind per se. I I I don't mind a silent ride from time to time, but yeah, that's part of the tradition though, talking about all the little bits of history, etc. when you're on the on the omnibus when we get out here today. All >> aboard. That'll be Champoo. >> Hi, guys. Woohoo indeed. I usually go into Adventure Land first, but I don't think I'm going to do that. Today, we're going to change things up a little bit. I'm going to head straight into the Fantasy Land uh Fantasy Land or F Princess Fantasy Fair. I was hoping there might be a show, but it does not look like they're doing anything that even remotely suggests a show is coming up today. Guests are sitting here, but it has been a long time since I've actually sat and watched a show here at the Royal Theater. But I don't think I'm going to get a chance. There's not even a >> what do you call it? Calendar or you know, show times. Bummer. Well, that is a shame. I was really kind of looking forward to that just now. >> All right, we'll take the uh shortcut from Fantasy Land to Frontier Land. >> Hi guys. Morning. Lovely. By the way, you notice it's not quite prime time. It's still 10:44 in the morning as we begin this show. And it is decidedly busier than we found it on Monday, especially for the time of morning that it is right now at 10:45. I was on my way to Tiana's and uh I accidentally stumbled upon just a little light uh construction recon happening over here. Check that out. That's the dock where they land the Tom Sawyer boats. Looks like they're replacing it. That is outstanding, you guys. That is incredibly good news in terms of Disney's feelings about the island. Those being positive feelings. You know, we've often wondered, do they really care about the island? really interested in maintaining it and having it being presentable for guests. We saw some work we were here on on the uh state of Disney before. We saw some scrimmage scaffold up on the opposite side of the island. But that's a really good sign, you guys. That is an excellent sign that uh they're interested in keeping up to store island part of that Disneyland reset that we talked about in Wednesday. Meanwhile, look at that. Haunted Mansion cooking a little bit. I mean, they're not in Louis's garden, but that's a certainly again a busier queue than we saw on Wednesday, or I'm sorry, on Monday. Now, this is looking pretty quiet. I think we got a pretty good shot at a short queue here for Tiana. So, going to be our first That's what we're looking for today. We're looking for discounts, fun treats, maybe something new to eat, more discounts, nostalgic rides like the Omnibus or maybe even the Disneyland Railroad, which uh I may I think I want to try to catch that in a spot where I don't normally catch it perhaps. But uh we've got a 5minut >> right here at Tiana's Palace or Tiana's Bayou Adventure. Outstanding. I'm expecting we should be able to walk uh straight to uh the the end of the queue if it's 5 minutes. And by the way, uh it's a it's a little overcast today, but it's not cold, per se. It's 65. Plenty warm enough to enjoy Tiana's, I would think. There they go. That is awesome. Oh, they just bumped it to 10. Oh dear. There it goes. It's twice as long now. >> It's not quite a no-go though, right? We're still going. What a delight. This is exactly what I was hoping for when I was walking around the park the other day. I'm like, God, I want to get in one of those cues. They look so pleasant to be in. And I'm feeling it right now. I'm feeling the pleasantness. Wow. >> I was correct. We are going to walk >> pretty much to the end of the keyword. We We're past the mix point at least, which is a bonus. >> That's it. Sorted in just a few. Let's join the band for our celebration. Why not? These tiny positions you really bring the heat. Heat. Heat. What? Look at that. It's even slower than it was when we got here. We had the back of the queue. I mean, it's still dead either or it was dead then, but the back of the queue was at the mix point back there. Now it's they're just they're putting them right into boats. They're literally putting them right into the boats. Matter of fact, they're not even filling the boats. I see open I see an open gate there. Oh, now they're going to fill Of course. >> Right. No, we got to. And I did say that dark rides are on the menu. And considering I I went on everything last Tuesday. I did every dark ride in our Fantasy Land challenge that uh I I should it is empty. I should be riding Way to the Poo. There's They're walking right onto the way to the Pooh also. Hi guys. Good morning. Come on. Fire. One blustery day in the hungry, a little man named Will set off in search of life. We'll take a minute. What a wonderful dream. Hooray! Happy birthday! Hooray! The Christmas present. Nice. Happy. on our little sojourn here to Bayou Country. I think we're good. I'm starting to actually get a little hungry. It's 11:31. I eat early lunch now. I eat an early lunch and early dinner. Uh so I think we're going to go to Galaxy's Edge. I'm thinking maybe Docking Bay 7. And I'm going to try to see if I can't pick up a mobile order there. They've got a new thing. They got a new thing that I'm going to try. We'll take the long way, of course. The long scenic route. Uh I'm I'm kind of bummed. This is now I think the second or third time I've come through here and I've not seen any canoes in the water. And I but I haven't heard anything. There's no closure reported. They don't I I mean, they don't ever report closures for the canoes, so I have no idea if it's why that is why it's not operating. These guys are coming right for us. The island is still closed. They're just Oh, he's docking right here. That's uh obviously maintenance getting delivered back to the mainland, but I don't see any um more construction work happening on here on the island. I haven't seen any skimmer scaffold on this side of things. So, no hope for the fort. Looks like a decent discount at Rise of the Resistance today. Not a big discount, mind you. They are in section two. That's a very manageable queue. I'd get in that queue. >> Says 45 up there. Indeed, I would absolutely get into 45minute ride, but that's not a big enough discount for us today. >> I'm looking for real true discounts. >> Little quiet here in the marketplace as well as we slowly make our way to do 7. It's new at whatever this the Toy Darian shop, huh? They still selling the same things. They sure are. They've been selling these guys since opening day. The same little This is You see one of these? I don't know. It was a Stormtrooper I think in Rogue One. The little girl at the beginning, she had this guy if I'm not mistaken. I think that's where they got that idea. Looks like this hasn't changed much either. They still got the uh >> the holo chess board, >> the Sabbat cards. >> This guy's new. >> Does he do anything? >> Yes, he is powered, but I don't I only have one hand, so I can't really tell what he does. Still selling the same robes. Oh, they've got the Han Solo jacket. That'd be kind of handy to have. I wouldn't mind that. Looks good. Ooh, what is this? They've got a black spire waffle with dipping sauce or a black calf slushie. I mean, I've got an order in place. What if I were to have with that order some of this? It's waffle with sugar clusters and whipped cream with cremefeld chocolate cookie crumble dip. Oh my god. Done. We've got the waffle. It doesn't look all that sugary, though. We'll find out. Hi guys. Uh find out right quick how sweet it is. Well, it's not exactly busy outside, but it's busy in here. My goodness. And how's it going? Uh there was a a 55minut wait for this mobile order, although I did, you know, get it down to like I think 20 or so. But uh yeah, man. Busy in here. And lunch, in fact, is being served at Docking Bay 7. Even though we're sitting at Ronto Roers because I never get to sit over here. It's always so busy. I found a spot. I'm like, I'm going to take it. Uh lunch today is the Surbot Valley Greens with typia. Roasted tip. But that not fried. This is roasted uh marinated chicken, mixed greens, quinoa, veggie mix, mini peppers, olives, koha, kotia cheese, and cilantro dressing. They had me on this. I was cuz the chicken I mean let's be honest it does it looks okay. The chicken only looks okay. Uh but they had me at at mini peppers, Olives, and Kotiah. All things I love. I'm not a big fan of quinoa either by for whatever that's worth. Uh but we're going to give it a shot anyway because I'm always interested in trying something new at Docking Bay 7. Great. This is one of the best dining locations they have in the park. Check this out. By the way, you can see our uh our waffle that's coming up later. So, the chicken looks a little average, I'm gonna say. Um there's your olives. There's There's not a lot of them. There's like five olives there. Roasted peppers. And then Oh, is that the Is it a better angle from there? Yeah, I think it might be. And then the quinoa. No, it's not. It's a better angle from this direction. And then the quinoa, you know, mixed with kota. Unfortunately, the kota is all in the quinoa. As much as I love kotiah, I'm going to have to eat it with my quinoa and then obviously the veggie mix down there. Let's give that a shot first. The veggies are a large part of the base of this meal. And it's something that I love about um Docking Bay food is that it's usually a pretty well balanced complete meal. That is a very brisk uh it's it's like it's kale. I think if it's not kale, it's a lot like it. The cilantro dressing is pretty good. The quinoa does does feature it's a texture thing for me. >> I'm not crazy about the texture of quinoa. But the greens part pretty darn good. That's pretty good. Try some of that marinated chicken tip. >> All right. That'll disappoint me with that chicken. Got a little lettuce on this one. Uh it's it's tasty enough. Um because I I feel like whenever they do, you know, grilled chicken or roasted chicken like this, they tend to overcook it. That's not bad. The marination is pretty good. I'm digging this so far as we build bites. >> Around the lettuce and the chicken. That's pretty good. >> There's a roasted pepper and one of the olives. together. That's pretty crazy. >> That is wild. I'm going to do >> olive and chicken. The olives are on their own in my opinion. I got to say, I'm really enjoying those greens. And I'm not a greens guy typically. That cilantro dressing is delicious. Wow. Now, in terms of the protein and how it balances the meal, it's a fair amount of chicken in there. You can see it's not a slight amount. I mean, the greens are the solid base and they they you know, this fills up most of the of the bowl, but there is a decent amount of chicken. I mean, that's probably one breast cut, you know, cut up. It's a decent amount of protein, enough to make a meal. I would probably eat it all. I think I think I will try one of those olives by itself now. I love all those. >> That's delicious. Yeah. I think the chicken is best when you mix it in with a little bit of the greens, too. >> Wow, man. >> Great. That's great. >> Good size portion, too. Uh for $15.99, I feel like that's a pretty good value. You're getting a a fairly well balanced meal. No fries. Another reason why we come to Docking Bay 7. No fries here. You're getting a protein. You're getting the greens. I mean, it is a it's a it's a fairly liberal liberal application of that cilantro dressing. So, I'm sure you're uh negating some of that healthy benefit of the greens, but they are, you know, like a a leafy green, which is great. Uh yeah, and then the roast and the roasted peppers and the and the olives are great. This is a solid meal, man. This is a really good solid meal that you can get at Disneyland that is, you know, apart from chicken sandwiches and cheeseburgers. Cheers. >> Now, let's get into this Black Spire waffle. It's a Black Spire waffle with dipping sauce. Uh, sugar clusters. Yeah, you can kind of see the sugar clusters in there a little bit. Can you? They're on the edge. I'm seeing a few sugar clusters up there on the top. and take care. I think >> it's kind of just like a little bit of a glaze maybe. And then it comes with this cremefield chocolate cream or chocolate cookie crumbles. Wait, is that >> what? I'm reading the description right now. That is supposed to be uh Oh, waffle with sugar clusters and whipped cream. >> Creme filled chocolate cookie crumble dip. >> I mean, I guess there's chocolate cookie crumbles in there. Yeah, >> I don't know. Thought I was losing my mind there for a second. It's >> on a stick, by the way. They don't They the It doesn't fit. I need more. I need more of that dipping sauce, I think. I can barely get it in there. Okay, we're just going to try a little bit cuz that's all I could fit in there. >> Oh, the waffle looked very average when I picked it up. I thought it was not going to have any flavor. I thought it was just going to be, you know, toasted bread basically or toasted pancake batter. But the sugar clusters are presenting. I am getting that. And the dip wasn't bad. Let me try it again. >> There you go. That might be a little better. >> I actually had I I was expecting I mean I was excited for it. It looked yummy on the thing. It it it made my mind happy to think about it, but I was expecting to be disappointed. That's pretty good. Wow. Wow. And I'm talking about the waffle. It's not even the dipping sauce. The waffle itself is surprising. Way better than I was expecting it to be. It's denser, but still kind of light and fluffy at the same time. It's better than any waffle that I've ever made. I'll say that. Uh, and and there's more. It's sweeter than I thought it would be. I thought this would be very bland tasting without the dip, but the waffle itself is quite good. Uh, this is probably a four and a half out of five. I would have liked a little bit more of the dipping sauce. Other than that, this is outstanding. And I'm going to give this here Surbot Valley Greens with marinated chicken. This is a four and a half out of five. Also quite delicious. Excellent. Good job, guys. Cheers, fresh bake. >> I'm actually still kind of reeling from how good I called it four and a half out of five, but I'm like, "Oh man, maybe that was a five out of Maybe that waffle was a five out of five." Man, I'm still thinking about it. That was delicious. And And I I cleaned the plate. Ate all my greens. Ate all my chicken. Clean plate club. Maybe that was a five out of five, too. Even though the chicken was a little ordinary, >> that was good. >> Oh, I'm so tempted. Casey Jr., it's right there, man. It's right there. But no, I got to pass through Fantas today, man. I've been I've been doing a lot of Fantasy Land lately. like nothing but fantasy land. >> It's busy here though. >> It is definitely >> busy in Fantasy Land. >> Definitely not like it was on Wednesday, guys. I mean, it was quiet there for a minute. We got a couple good discounts, but things definitely appear to be picking up here. Wow. No discount here at the H or at the Mad Horn. That's 35 minutes posted. Left of tree. Definitely they're very left of tree. Also tree lamp. And they look a little posted and extended one. Oh, let's see that the Montreal is coming in. >> Oh no. >> Do I need to ride the Montreal today? Fresh bait. Going to have to ride the front. Should we try to catch the nose? Do you guys want to ride in the nose? >> Let's see if it's open. >> Music to my ears right here, you guys. Music to my ears. >> You are approaching the unloading area. Please go down. Yeah. Thank you. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. That's what we got here. Yeah, there heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right. That's Then you Underwater adventure aboard the Finding Nemo submarine voyage. Across the way are the icy peaks of Matterhorn Mountain, home of the world's most famous bobsled run. And beneath us is the Autotopia, where drivers of all ages can travel the road to tomorrow world. And now we're riding alongside the happiest kingdom of them all, Fantasy Land, home to Pinocchio, Snow White, Peter Pan, and other story. We're now approaching the Tomorrowland Montreal station, our final destination. Please remain seated until the Montreal comes to a complete stop. Then collect your belongings, watch your head, and step carefully from the train. On behalf of all of our crew, thanks for traveling with us and we hope you'll have a happy and memorable visit here at Disneyland. This is the Tomorrowland Montreal Station. >> Okay, first nose ride. Obviously, it was terrific. Uh there was an actual queue out there. There was uh about three rotations worth of guests looking to ride in the nose on my trip. So, uh, we didn't get to be like choosy about our seat, but it was still wonderful, man. That was amazing. Gosh, I sure do love riding in the nose. But what I know Hey, how are you? Uh, uh, did you guys catch? Did you see all that construction? I got to I think I got to go back and look because I I wasn't I mean, we got a good look over the wall what they're doing at IDvice, but I could have sworn I saw some work happening over there on the other side of the Autotopia track. you know, past the uh past the the the boat dock area, right? >> Right. So, just past Idle Nice. They still got this walled off and the uh scrim is up at the old gummy glenn, the old motorboat cruise and they're working on something in here. We I don't know what, but they're doing something in there and it's not unsubstantial. It's not inconsequential. But what I saw was before that. I don't know if we can see it. Maybe maybe I just never really noticed it because I never looked in that direction before. But it was as we were coming around this corner here before we get to this. But we're not going to be able to see anything from here. I don't think right here where those walls are right there. when we're coming around that corner. I don't know if I could see it from here even though I'm 6 foot tall. I don't think Let me see here. We're kind of looking over the wall a little bit. I have no idea what I'm looking at. There goes the Montreal. I might have to get back on that thing on Friday. See what we can see. I don't know. I mean, maybe it's because I'm never looking in that direction and that's why I noticed it, but it looked like it almost looked like they were clearing land, like they were grading it for some purpose. And for a second there, I thought it was related. I thought that was the space to the left of the motorboat cruise uh you know dock over there. I thought maybe it was that land to the left, but then I realized we passed over that after. Strange things are a foot at the local Montreal stop or station here or whatever in Banty Land. Strange things are a foot. Cate on your dance and show the sky. A little bit of magic in my cate. cate. All right. Now, I have not been able to stop thinking about the Mark Twain since I saw what was happening on the river with Tom Sor Island knowing that the island is going to open up before I think before Friday. I've got to get on that Mark Twain now. Hopefully. Is it just taking off or is it just arriving? Oh, no. It's taking off. I have to get on that Mark Twain. Or maybe if I'm lucky, the Columbia's running uh now so I can get a look at what's happening on that island before they open it. I want to see what they were doing and then I want to see what's done on Friday. Unfortunately, there goes the Mark Twain. So, if if Colombia is not on the river, which it might not be, >> I have to wait for that guy to come back. How unfortunate. Let's go find out. Maybe a cast member knows. Well, no Colombia and no Big Thunder unexpectedly closed at the moment also. Guess we'll wait for the Mark Twain to come around the bend once more. >> In the meantime, we'll do a little lap back here on New Or Square. >> Head over to Royal Street. >> Guys, I'm at Disneyland right now. This is so cool. I'm at Disneyland. Oh, it's so great. You guys remember when this was a a place to sit and eat for a minute for like 20 minutes >> and then they made it a gift shop again? You guys remember that? >> How's it going? Hey guys, they're at Disneyland, too. We're all Hi, guys. And so are they. Everybody's at Disneyland. What a day. Got to go back to Blue Bayou. Got to go back to Blue Bayou. It has been too long. Oh. Oh, here's a surprise. >> Hooray. Thank you very much. >> I think first we should sing the most famous. Heat. Heat. We never for me for Thank you. >> You know, maybe maybe we're we're just too sober. >> I think so. Yeah, >> I think that's it. Let's go to the pub. >> What an absolutely delightful diversion from us trying to catch the bar twain. We are at Disneyland. Hell yeah. your favorite. >> Hi guys. On behalf of our entire thank you for booking passage on the mark 20 at this time we ask that you prepare to disembark. If you're on one of the upper decks, please make your way down to the first one. The stairway to the right side and the back of the boat may fall off in the quickest and easiest way. We hope you enjoy your man. Big showing here for the Mark Twain. Will we get a spot? I wonder if the top deck is open. >> If there's a cast member up there, that should be a good sign. Although I don't see any guests out of your mouth, please accept for an authentic power journey up the rivers of America. Now, before we have you come on board, there are just a few reminders. When boarding the Mark Twain, please take your time, look down, and watch your steps. If you're traveling with any little ones, please take them firmly by in them on board. Also, folks, we ask that you are free from smoking, gambling, and drinking of the hard liquor while on board the plane. Please stand by to >> board. Heat. Heat. Power line. Engine room ahead. One quarter. Engine rules ahead. Three quarter. Ledman stand one. >> Mark Twain is not just the name of a river boat or a great American author. It also means the water here is two fathoms deep. That means it's safe enough for us to proceed on our steam powered journey along the rivers of America. >> Now I got to get posted. It's busy up here. I got to find a spot. Shoot the uh >> seriously >> we begin our >> There's not a single spot on the rail here. >> We'll just have to go over. >> What do you think? Someday Do you think someday will ever put those rails back up there and let us go out on a fantasmic stage again? I mean, that's what I'm talking about when I say that there's hope >> cuz they're doing this at least >> New Orleans. That is the new history, music, good food, and ghost stories. One of those stories involves the old mansion you see over there on the hill. I've heard it said that the place is haunted, filled with 999 ghosts, ghouls, and goblins. And they're looking for one more than a thousand. If you're brave enough, you should see for yourself after we arrive back at the landing in Frontier Land. We're now passing hours harbor. This is homeport for the threemasted me jammer the Colombia. The first American ship to circumn the globe. Here's a bit of history for you. The Colombia set sail from Boston. >> Okay. What else? >> What else? >> And became the first American ship to the stars and stripes. Head on over when you get the chance. You're almost there. >> So far, nothing. >> No water up there. We can't see from here. The village pump or the treasure guy. >> The scrimmage scaffold we saw earlier this week was right about where those rocks are right there. They got some barrels up there, but you guests can't go in there, so I'm not sure what they're doing. >> And this was covered in scrim on Monday, also. >> Nope, nothing. >> Although I wasn't expecting anything here anyway. I've been navigating these parts for years now, but I never get tired of taking in the breathtaking beauty of the Colombia River, the majestic trees, the stunning rock formations, the cascading waterfalls, the moose, deer, and elk along the banks. It's all so magnificent and so peaceful. Plains Indians. Off the port side of the river boat is a wise old murderer beaver still working >> sharing a story for all of us to hear. >> He's telling a tale generation to generation. I'll be here for a few months and then long. >> Yeah, looks like they took that scrim down that was up there. So, not sure what they were doing, but whatever it was, they're done. Look, there's another duck taking over the helicopter island. >> No signs of anything. >> The village pump and and yeah, skeleton guy are still >> not functioning as far as I can tell. >> I mean, they took out the pump. I think I think the pump is gone up there. We're now heading back into civilization on where we are. Just ahead is the frontier. On behalf of our entire crew, I'd like to thank you for your passage. Well, let's see. I was hoping for some vehicles. Oh, I see omnibus out there. They are full. And so too is the horseless carriage. But maybe I can catch a fire truck. Where is the fire truck? I have not seen the fire truck. But we'll catch one of these. Whatever's coming up the street next. Or the horserawn street car. Where's the fire truck? >> Hi. >> And I do believe that's going to be our boat right there. There goes the omnibus. Look at how full that is. My goodness. And >> this is our horseless carriage. >> Main Street. >> Welcome aboard. Watch your step. >> Down Main Street in this new bangle conveyance. Can you please remain sitting down? Supervised children. So you keep an eye on her. >> Absolutely. >> Keep your hands, arms, legs, feet inside the vehicle. We will be doing incredible speeds of nearly 3 to 5 miles per hour. Don't worry, not all the rides in the park will go this fast. >> I won't do anything. >> How do you think it's like going down five minutes? Well, we are doing freeway speed. All right. >> Here we go, folks. Watch your step. Have fun today. >> If you have too much fun, don't get caught. >> That was just about all right, you guys. That was just about all right. I'm I'm really liking this whole going to Disneyland and having fun thing. I hope you guys are, too. Thanks for watching, everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Speak.
