---
video_id: 9JN93l6ce1I
channel: FreshBaked
title: "Our family vacation to Walt Disney World begins at Magic Kingdom!"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JN93l6ce1I
---
Day one of the Ericson family vacation at Walt Disney World Magic Kingdom. I'm going to freak out. >> Wow. Hey, where are we going? >> Pretty cool, huh? >> I can hear Dapper Dans are greeting us. >> Oh, they're on the uh >> the horseless carriage up there. >> Yeah. Well, yeah, we'll check out the castle. Yep. Yep. I'm freaking out. >> I freaking always freaking out. I'm freaking out. the main street is. >> It really is. It's amazing. It's the only chance we ever get to be like, "Oh my god, we're here." Cuz I don't ever feel that way. Well, I mean, a little bit. I do. >> I still do when I'm on Magic, but I get it. >> Oh my god. And it's different here, even Magic Kingdom as opposed to Epcot or Hollywood, obviously, or or Animal Kingdom. >> There's something about Main Street Magic Kingdom. It's pretty damn awesome. smiling at the dog when Mary holds your hand. Woohoo! >> Reminds me of the I came down here to go to Epic, right? And I and but I I came down to Magic Kingdom. I texted Liz and I said I text her. I said, "I'm freaking out. I'm freaking out." And she's like, "Why is it so busy? Are you know is it is it annoying?" I'm like, "No, it's so beautiful and wonderful." I spent two days at Epic and it's just a completely different vibe, right? I mean, Epic was beautiful, of course, but getting here was a completely different vibe and that's how you feel it. Even though now I've been here a few times, well, I don't know, a dozen now. I don't know. Uh, it just feels cool. >> Yeah, I think that's >> feels good being here. Oh, they're taking pictures. Did you guys get a good one? >> Kind of. We need one together, the three of us. >> All right. Should we do that now? >> Yeah, let's do it. They brought the they brought the castle colors back. What do you guys think? Blue and white. Yeah, >> I think that's I think that's much better. That's more classic Cinderella. >> You guys are the poo and tiger two. Uh Liz. So divide and conquer. Fresh bake. Divide and conquer. Liz and Sophia are going to get in a queue to meet Winnie the Pooh and Tiger 2. I'm about to get in a queue for the Seven Doors Mine Train, which is it's going to be prodigious, I am sure. Uh, walking up, I can see the queue wrapping around the backside. So, I'm going to park in a queue. And still going, where oh where will this end? I'm guessing perhaps >> Little Mermaid. >> Oh, no. It's the back right here. That's fantastic. Well, it's not fantastic, but it's better than I thought. Of course, there is Lightning Lane to deal with. >> Estimated now at 70 minutes. And >> that's the thresh 15 minutes to get through the threshold right there. 15. Little Sophia decided she didn't want to meet Winnie the Pooh after all. So she joined us and Liz in the queue. Welcome. So when I got in the queue, I asked a cast member uh >> cuz it was it was 70 minute standby, right? >> And somebody had asked her about Lightning Lane. She said, "They're gone. Lightning Lane's already sold out." So, for those of you who are wondering why we didn't get Lightning Lane, I didn't buy it obviously to, you know, why don't we get it now if you're trying to get it when you get to the park. Lightning Lane's already sold out for the day. They actually sell out 3 days before because people are buying them because you can buy Lightning Lane ahead of time here at Disney World, right? You don't have to you can't at Disneyland you have to buy it. You can't buy it until you cross the threshold until you get in the park. You can buy your you can buy a lightning lane here 3 days before or no I mean uh uh no way before that but 3 days before the date they're already sold out and then the morning of they open up a few for people who are just getting here but if you're not here at rope drop to buy your light or to get your lightning lane the day of when they open them up they're gone within like an hour or whatever. >> How long drive around and >> Oh. Yeah. And it's this one and uh Tron Well, Tron is single use. >> Yeah. Yeah. How tall you need to get this? >> Uh, let's find out. >> Wait, what are all the names? Turn the fan. >> By the way, on this boat, when we got to the threshold, I said 15. It was actually 25. It took me 15 minutes to get to our one of our benchmark spots. 15 minutes from the fans to the threshold. Uh so uh but it had been it had been 25 minutes already. It's been a while, guys. We've been in this queue now for 45 minutes. I think we've been in the queue. I've been in the queue for 45 minutes. Yeah. Really? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. But we're just about to enter the covered area where we get to have some fun. Heat. Heat. Help me out. checking in once more. We're in the vault. It is been kind of excruciating. This is the longest line I think that I've waited in >> since Tron. I did Tronia >> opening day. I did standby. That was brutal. And I'm saying, well, certainly it's the longest since then. Anyway, we're at 1 101 on this clock, but I started this late. I had actually already spent 15 minutes in the queue before I started that clock. So, we're at an hour and 16 minutes. It's posted right now. It's posted at 65 and it was 70 when I got in. We've still got another 5 or 10 minutes to go here. Yeah, we've got another switch back back there. What would you say? How do How do you like this queue so far? Is this Has it felt like an hour? But I kind of cheat it. But it don't it don't bother me. >> It's a fast hour at least. Yeah. Look at this video. Heat. Heat. It's so pretty. He's coming. >> Definitely still low. That was all in. That was uh 82 minutes. 82 all in. They got it marked at 70. So for those of you Yeah, >> that was 8. >> 82. >> An hour and 22 minutes. Uh the board says 70. So for those of you who are um wondering if Disney inflates the times to sell Lightning Lane, then uh that there's a strike against that argument because they're too low. So that's the Seven Doors Mine Train. took a little over an hour, hour and 20 minutes it was, which I kind of expected, but it did take a chunk out of our morning. Now, here's what's going to happen for the rest of this video, you guys. This this isn't a challenge. I already know we're coming to you from the future. Uh we're we're going to head from Seven Doors to Haunted Mansions next. Then, uh Enchanted Tales with Belle. We're going to meet Belle. Sophia is going to be in that show, by the way. Festival of Fantasy Parade, which I've never seen before. Recon at the Rivers of America. We got some over-the-wall shots that I want to show you. People mover. And then we're gonna wrap with Space Mountain and some really, really insightful Q math. Hope you guys can stay tuned for that. Let's get back to our show. We're going to pop out here next to Haunted Mansion. Get some lunch at the Columbia Harbor House. I can't confirm >> that the mobile order refresh pack does work here. That does work. Uh they they originally was posted at 30 minutes. I refreshed that down to five. Just sit down here. We're going to get some shrimp. But before we go, check out this Haunted Mansion cube. My god, look at that. There's the Haunted Mansion entrance all the way around that corner. >> I think I' I've gotten into the queue right about here before. I can't even see the back. I think the back goes over there to the old Liberty Bell uh dock, which is obviously still behind construction walls. We're going to I don't know if we're going to be able to see anything from here, to be honest. I don't know where the views are if if any of of the river that is, but you can see all these trees are gone. That's danger. There you go, guys. Just a few minutes later, we got ourselves a little clam chowder. Oh, complete with oyster crackers. Grilled shrimp and fries for Sophia. >> What you trying though? >> She's having one of those little hush puppy things, I think. I don't know if she's going to like that. And that's the pl That's the trio. the uh uh fish and chips, the hush puppy things. The No, they're fritters. Fritter, not hush puppy. Fritter. And there there's some shrimp in there somewhere, too, right? >> I think so. >> Supposed to be some fried shrimp in there. There we go. Okay. Harbor House. Um, fried shrimp. Good. >> I actually Yeah, I was impressed. >> You were You like them in general? She even ate the little the the fritters. >> Those little corners are so good. >> Fish wasn't bad. >> Clam china was good. >> The grilled shrimp was good. >> Grilled shrimp was okay. Grilled the fries though. >> Fries were >> We actually asked for rice. We didn't get it. Um, >> it's a really that if that place was like a little less busy, it would be nice and kind of a pleasant dining experience. >> It's like our Golden Horse, even though I know they have it. >> Oh, it's better than Golden Horse, right? >> Yeah, they have a silver diamond. >> They do, but that's that's table service. >> So, it's not uh it's not quick service. Uh, that would have been a lot more pleasant than uh than it was, but it was it was really packed. We had to we had to fight for a table. >> And then I tried to do a little recon. Uh, but all the windows are frosted that have a view of the river. Uh, except for one. There's one there was one window >> that I couldn't get I couldn't get to it. >> Ask the sit next to >> No. No. Hey, do you guys know Fres? Um >> maybe I'll try again later. But for now, we're going to get into this 45minute queue which we did not start a clock on. >> Oh. >> Uh I'll start a clock when we get to the threshold and take it from there. >> And they got a scrim up. >> I almost don't want to get in the queue now. Why you got to put a scrim up? I'm a banana. >> Deep in the wild on his offroad machine, Redmortals. >> Hello. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. >> Yep. >> Party of three. Rise this way. How many? >> We got seven. >> Party of seven. You're going to hold right here. Party of three right this way. The next party going to hold behind the yellow line. Your time will come. >> Welcome to the castle. >> Your tour begins in the gallery, friends. Please proceed forward. >> Welcome foolish mortals to the Haunted Mansion. >> I am your host, your ghost host. Is this haunted room actually stretching or is it your imagination? And consider this dismaying observation. Oh, I didn't mean to frighten you prematurely. The real chills come later. Playful spooks have interrupted our tour. Please remain seated in your doom, buggy. We will proceed in just a moment. 999,000 volunteers. Wherever they're at, wrap on a table, it's time to respond. Send us a message. Heat. Heat. spooks have interrupted our Please remain seated in your Doom B. Make now that was much better via standby. That was just maybe 15 minutes from the threshold to the to the to the mix point or to actually to the door to the stretching room, the free show. 15 minutes. That was a bad I think we were in the other line for maybe 10 25 minutes total maybe. Yeah. Uh I think we're trying to find the bell meet which I think is over there. Over there. Go enchanted tales with bell. I've never I've looked in here 25 minutes. I've looked in here. And I've never actually done this before. We're doing a lot of things I've never done before. As a matter of fact, one of those things that I've never done before was drive in. We're staying off property this week. So, we drove in and parked at, you know, we went through the entrance. I've never been through the magic threshold that is the entrance plaza. So, we got to do that. Plus, we also took the ferry in. So, I'm going to take you guys back a little bit while we wait in this queue to our uh entering Magic Kingdom experience. >> Look at it. Says Walt Disney World. >> Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside while the trans. I mean, you can walk, but that's really up to you. This is the biggest damn parking lot ever. >> Holy cow. Montreal. >> Well played. We have trained Sophie. >> Come on. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's perfect. Yeah. If you happen to drop anything from the tra, please watch go all the way to the ground and remain seated as it hits the ground. And let us know the next stop and we'll try Mr. True. If you look to your right, the driver's right, you can see that we have reached the ticket and transportation center of Magic Kingdom. Driver to the tunnel. Well, looking to the right, >> you can see that there is two sets of umbrellas. Two completely different colors. Your color of the day is purple. >> Yes, one of the umbrellas is blue, but we can just pretend it's purple. >> She's great. >> Please look for those purple umbrellas. It'll tell you that the tram directly in front of it is the tram for you. So, please make sure you don't board the wrong tra which is in front of the wrong. >> So, purple then. >> Purple, I guess. >> Okay, that's what she said. Are we listening? to the wrong side of the parking lot and you'll be losing in the game of trying to go seek with your car. We are coming up on a fire. We will be slowing down and we will not be stopping. The stop will be current right >> and there's the transportation. >> As we're approaching the stop, please remain seated. Hold on a small children on the side. until the train reaches it full and complete stop. And I'll let you know when that'll be. Everyone on the ground, please remain all the way behind that yellow safety line on the ground until the train reaches it full and complete stop. And I'll let you know what that'll be. And again, friends, please make sure you exit to the left hand side of the driver. >> So, we just passed through bag check at the TTC. I was going to take the Montreal in. Take that Montreal right there. Uh, and they drop you off right in front of the Magic Kingdom. But our my uh My TTC guy said you should take the ferry in because then you get the it's light to shoot the the castle from the ferry coming in the >> castle from here. And I'm not going to lie, that's pretty, >> right? So because and you went if you took the ferry back. >> Oh, then you >> you don't see anything. It's hardly anything. Oh, >> it's right there. Imag just went in front of it. It's far away. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. You see it right there? >> Wow. Wow. Wow. >> That's so cool. Oh, that's a cool You want to go up? >> General across the gang way. like oh man she is a little You can go up here. I like this We will be arriving at our destination in just a few moments. On our way, we have found one mile seven. At least I know it's Everyone back up for me. >> All right, welcome to Mag Kingdom. All right, everyone on top deck. No need to go downstairs. Just head to the front left corner. That is your exit. >> Please watch your step. Please carefully after I do this after >> are we Doing this for Sophie or for mommy? >> This is kind of magical. >> No matter what, I love you when you're crazy looking. I love you. >> How delightful. How many of the party is six? >> No. We're going to get you in on the next show, my friends. Just make sure you wait behind the hill. We'll have coming out shortly for you. Tell her again. That's great. much better. Welcome to the home of Belle and her father, Maurice, who you may already know is an inventor. And we're standing in his workshop, where he keeps plants and working models for his inventions. Now, feel free to take as many photos and videos. You see Lucy step away from the workbench and table. The mirror does get a little shy, so it's best a bit more room. Oh, be careful between the table there and the table. There you go. All right, Evan, repeat after me. Take me back to the day fell and beast fell in love. Take me back to the day and beast fell in love. Last time. All right, everyone. Welcome back to the day. Fellies fell in love with rewind. Do not come over here. I'm going to move the workbench to come through here. The young man, so please don't even try. You were not so everybody can see. You can see me. Yes. Oh, I am so excited. >> Wonderful. And we have enough parts for everyone. First, we need two big, strong suits OF ARMOR TO MARCH around and protect the castle. >> Oh, wonderful. >> Pick a side. Pick a side. >> What a time for a quick rehearsal. We'll start with our >> M potim shivers. Roar, BEAST, ROAR, EVERYBODY. ROAR. >> Great job. >> I don't like her. Usually she's like, bye. >> She doesn't fit on my lap. Don't move. >> Don't move. >> I'm joking. You will be marching soon enough. I'll remember doesn't know you're here. So, >> I can't believe it. >> The sound of gall. >> Everyone gallop. was he was not with him. Believe where her father Yet the cheese soup. >> Yes. >> Yeah. There you go, baby. I see you. >> What do you say? You say thank you. >> Well, birthday princess. Thank you. And thank you all so much for joining us. No, I'm too dining this way. I want to be that guy. That's cool. Well, Liz and Sophia have left me. I think they're going to go try to see if they can't get in that Easter Bunny queue. He's there. Uh, I saw him but I couldn't get any camera on it. But hopefully Liz will have that opportunity on the way. Let me just say 16 minutes. It was 16 minutes to the door uh for the Bell meet and greet. Enchanted Enchanted Tales with Belle. 16 minutes to the door the whole show cuz the door opens and they start this little pre-show thing and another pre-show thing. Uh, and then it's a total of 40 minutes. Well, from the back of the queue. So, the door. So, the show itself is what I'm trying to say. It was 24 minutes. It was 60 minutes to the door and then 24 minutes. I'm about ready to get into open space here. I wonder if I'm even allowed to do this. Where am I? Pretty much looks like they're getting ready for the parade. But people are walking here, so I guess I'm okay. But it feels like I'm not supposed to be here right now. Feels like I should be somewhere inside the ropes. I wonder if I can walk down this path over here. Let's see. Indeed, we can. Fascinating. I thought they would take out this path. This was going to get consumed by the Cars Land thing, which is happening just on our right, which I have news about that. Stay tuned in a minute. I've got some updates there. But, um, I thought they were going to consume this path, but it looks like we can still do this at least, which means you'll be able to do this when it's done also. So, this is your separation between Frontier Land and whatever the uh I forget the name of it. It's not Piston Peak. It's >> some other thing. I for I can't believe I forgot what they call it. Hold that thought because I don't know if you can hear that. It's a sound of a parade that I've ever or never seen before. Actually, I've never seen this parade. It feels like it's old enough for them to cancel it by now, but Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Tennessee. Life under the sea is better than an 18. Baby rolling over the sea. Oh no, here. There she is. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Baby, >> I really do like this right here. That's really neat. This is much less difficult to see at Disneyland and you have to get in a secret path in order to see this. So, I like that it's so far, you know, it's like part of the experience. Very underrated portion of of a any themed park attraction. As I was saying, one thing we were able to do while we were uh in the queue for Haunted Mansion is that there's some very obvious spots where with a little bit of effort, I could get the camera up over over the wall a little bit and we got some good views of the construction. I thought we were, you know, it's it's way better than what I could have seen from the harbor house. So, that whole thing is really Anyway, uh here's those shots. And as you look over the wall, you can see that it's I mean, it's all obviously all dirt. Uh the the island is still there. You can kind of see the frame of the island. You know, what used to be the footprint of the island, but it's all dirt. All the trees are gone completely. The trees and obviously the the water. And they've also dug up the concrete that uh was the base the basin of that of the river, but it's just pretty much all dirt everywhere. There's not a lot to see uh in terms of, you know, they're still grading the surface. They're still they're still digging and moving everything out. They're not in any kind of sort of upward or foundational type situation yet. Uh, still digging and grading. That could take a little while, I would imagine. And then from that turnaround, we can kind of get an idea. There's the the dock for the Liberty Bell. So, you can't see the bottom of the river there, but you can see obviously all the equipment. Uh, and and that everything has been removed. We can look through these trees. That's where the island would have been right about there. Island would have been there. Oh my gosh, this is devastating. I can barely scan it. And then you can get an even better look as we pan left through that spot right there. Piles of dirt everywhere. You can see that they're sort of sorting the dirt out into different types. I can't really tell where the river was and where the island was from this perspective. A little further to the left. There's a big pile of dirt right there. Right. That's that's not the they they built that. That's a that's a pile of dirt that they built excavating from around the river. So they they they've there's probably a tractor just dumping dirt on there on a daily basis. More down that way. That's the river. Oh my god. Their river was enormous compared to ours. But it's just all dirt, but no, obviously no uh foundation work being done. Way too early for that. Still digging and and and grading and evening out the surface or making it the way they want. There's another look there. There's that big pile of dirt. This is where the the boat would have been coming around the corner, its first right turn. I mean, I don't know what I have. I don't think I have anything any old B-roll from this where I am now. Maybe from the spot we were before. So, I'll go back to that spot and then show you a before and after perhaps. Hopefully, if I can get the footage right. If not, I apologize. But it's just absolute devastation here at the Rivers of America. And we are right next door, by the way, to Big Thunder. And it used to be the case that we could walk down that path a little bit and just kind of get an idea of what they're doing. Or we could get on the Liberty Bell and watch what they're doing on the backside, but this is getting close. I think Big Thunder should be opening I think in the summer if I'm not mistaken. It sure does look brighter and orer than it did before. What do you guys think? Does that look brighter and orer than it was? More saturated. But to pick up on that point I was making before when we were on this path. This path tells me that we're going to have this separate. The water is going to come back at least in part of this situation here. This will probably still border uh a a some sort of body of water. It won't be obviously on the scale of the river. The previous river you can see in the concept art it's about not well it's not nearly as wide and obviously doesn't go all the way around. and it'll stop at about Big Thunder uh or maybe before that even. But we're still you're still going to have water on your left or your right depending on which direction you're going, which I think is terrific. And that finally >> is our next destination. I've been looking forward to this moment all day. Single best attraction ever conceived and built. It's a shame we don't have it at Disney anymore. We're going on the People Mover, ladies and gentlemen. >> Here we go. That was a posted 25 minutes. >> Come on. It's the people mover. What are you talking about? We're going to be 8 minutes to the vehicle, guys. 8 minutes. Stay clear and close. Enjoy your journey. doors which will open and close automatically. Enjoy your journey. I'm your guide aboard this highway in the sky. the absolute best way to see tomorrow. >> My stars, there lots to see. From spacecraft to monster labs, there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, >> transfer to green, and red line. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future, right by two of my favorite spots. his amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? >> I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the costumes for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Attention all visitors from Dallas 31. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. I love you. or nine, take the time to see this show. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station, my fellow sentient life forms, our people river journey has nearly come full. Please caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and seat and other attendants. >> I always feel better after riding people. I always feel I always think let's just go back to our gate. Can we do it? Can we stay on? Uh, we drove by. We saw 45 minutes when we were on People for First Space. Oh, it does say 45. That's weird. The board says 45, but the app says 55. That's curious. Ours are always in sync. Disneyland is always always always in sync. Posted versus uh the app, you know, posted at the attraction. But here we are out here. It says 45, but this is We're pretty far out. I've never been in this queue before. Never. We had no trouble really with Lightning Lane at Haunted Mansion. We got through real quick. Hopefully that's the same thing here at Space Mountain. This is the Lightning Lane entrance right there. Not a lot of backup here, but we don't know how how far back the Lightning Lane Q goes inside because we can't see the back of the queue. But I'm expecting minimal interference. Oh, he's growing the queue. That's not good. He just grew the queue. through the threshold through the door in about six minutes. >> H I would have liked that to been faster. >> I would have liked that to have been a little faster. Still haven't found the back of the Lightning Lane queue, which is probably not a good thing, but there is definitely a steady flow of guests on our ride, which suggests that it's still a very uh it's going to have a big impact on how long we wait. We are now at uh just under 10 minutes, which I don't know if that means anything at this point cuz uh I'm not going to benchmark this spot anyway, but that's how we're going so far. It's I would like this to be going a little faster. Space. >> Look at that planet. >> Look at Plutoa. Paris Marcus. And we're in Space Hall. >> Space Hall after about 27 minutes. There they go. >> Now, that reminds me. >> Uh, I'd have to correct myself. I was talking about the single the lightning lane queue on our right about finding the back of the queue. It actually doesn't matter. Uh I keep forgetting Space Mountain they actually dedicate this entire right side. There they go. That is the lightning lane side. And then this is the standby side. So there's no mix if it's busy like this. There's no mix. They just send everybody on lightning lane to the right and everybody on standby to the left. So uh it so all of these guests are going all of this on the on the same side. So, it's not a question of how bad lightning lane is. It's just if it's bad, that's what it's going to be. It's it's it's like a, you know, a toggle on off kind of situation. The lightning lane has to be essentially dead >> for them to start sending these guests over to the other side. So, with that said, we are just about 29 minutes into our trip. It took about 28 27 something to get to that threshold back there. And I'm guessing, yeah, this room should probably be another 30 minutes is my guess. And we'll test actually how this plays out because it's basically seven total switchbacks in here. The one we're in plus six more. And they're all pretty much the same. Oh, no. This one we're in right now is a short one. So once we get it here, we can start timing switchbacks and do a factor after that. Uh there'll be 1 2 3 4 5 six switchbacks all about the same distance. We measure the first one. Multiply that by six. We have an idea of how much time we have left. Okay, check that once more. Uh, it's actually two short ones. We're going to make a U-turn real quick. So, we can actually count this these two outer ones as one. They compare favorably to in distance- wise as the other ones. So, we can say there's six total rather than seven. And also, the first two of those six are slightly shorter than the others, but I don't think that's going to affect the math too much. So once we get to the end of this one, I'll mark the time and see how that compares to the next lap, the next switch. Turning the corner after those first two switches and uh four just about 4 and 1/2 minutes. So if that's 28 minutes, almost 30 fact. Yeah, 30 4 and 1/2 28. Yeah, about 30 minutes. Uh, if all things being equal, if we just make a general assumption that they're all the same, we'll double check that with this first lap narrow heading back this direction. >> Turning the corner on lap three. Not bad. Lap three. Well, I should say switch back three. Just under four minutes. And we're moving swiftly to the middle of the next one. So I think we're at least on track for that 28 minute range. We might be able to do better than that. >> Lightning lane. >> Lightning lane goes on the right side over here. >> This is still standby. And we've just turned the corner in two and a half, not even two and a half minutes. See, we're getting faster over here. That's so strange. This was three. This was just under four. And that was uh a little over four. Looking good. Looking good. About to make our second to last Uturn here. Switch back number five, if you will. And that was also 2 minutes and 23 seconds. So, we just did the two longest switchbacks in under 5 minutes. And we are now at just under 41 minutes total. So, figure let's just figure if we figure 8 minutes, we're done in we're done in 50. I think this one's going to be a little longer. Plus, we've got the uh the bullpen back there. So, we might be at our vehicle in about 50 minutes total. Last switch. Another 2 minutes and 20 seconds. We definitely have picked up speed. more like I don't know, man. That's interesting because the the Space Mountain lightning situation is kind of the good news, bad news. The bad news is that we're never going to get to use that other side. That's pretty much never going to happen unless it's dead. But then there's no reason to do that anyway. So, we're probably never going to get to use that side. But the good news is is that makes this side more consistent. You don't get any kind of uh alternate feedback. You don't get any disruption from Lightning Lane. Lightning Lane never enters our queue. So, we don't feel that. We know this is this is the queue. This is the standby queue. So, it should be pretty consistent, measurable, reliable. Once we figure this out, I would bet that the data that we're collecting today is going to be fairly representative of this ride in general. And the home stretch we are out here. That was a 3 minute and 20 second. I figured that would be the longest. 3 minutes and 20 seconds. Figure no more than a couple minutes out here getting sorted. We're going to be uh in our vehicle and under 50 just as we expected. Something like 48 minutes as high gets. 49 perhaps. Well done. My goodness. My goodness. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. >> I am so sorry. Space Mountain at Disneyland. I'm so sorry. Space Mountain at Disneyland. Grandma, >> now I was apologizing at the end of that ride because I'm about to say something that might be sacrilege. to Disneyland fans. >> And I'm pretty sure my wife is agreeing with me. >> That movie >> that's better than Space Mountain at Disneyland. >> Everything about that is better% that is better than ours. I'm sorry. >> You got to be fair, man. You got to be fair. That was incredible. And it's like my favorite ride in Magic Kingdom. >> Oh, yeah. That's the best ride in Magic. Better than Tron, too. I was saying I've heard other people in the queue say that. I heard people saying that's better than Tron. And this this one is older than ours. >> Yeah, >> this one was first. >> That was so much fun. I Dude, the guy behind me >> I heard him. I heard him. >> Oh, bloody hell. Bloody hell. >> I was saying, "Oh, bloody hell." >> Like I was screaming like a crazy person. We all just started laughing because >> Yeah. So, uh, by the way, I wasn't able to shoot that because, uh, she asked me to put my camera away. >> Oh, >> yeah. That's okay. I didn't mind. It was It's fine. I'm expecting that nowadays. >> So, we didn't you didn't get to hear me screaming like a lunatic. Uh Sophia or not Sophia, >> Liz was screaming. There was the Oh, bloody hell guy. And then but but Sophia's got her hands up the whole time. >> Hands up. Oh, I'm like a your grandma. >> Oh, do you know how long? >> My daughter. >> Good timing with the rain there. We were already wrapping our show heading down Main Street and that's when it started to rain. But you know, Florida, >> our purple umbrella. >> Yes. Uh we're heading back to the TTC. We're going to take the uh Montreal back and then call it an afternoon here. >> Sophie close together to push over. It's like football. >> How do you know? >> How do you know? >> How do you know? >> What are you talking about? >> Stop right there. We got the wrong thing. We >> got this. We have to ride out. So until then, go to the right. >> Yeah. >> All right, guys. That's day one. Magic Kingdom. Day one of the Ericson family vacation. Tomorrow we're going to go see the world's largest ball of twine. I'm just kidding. >> I'm just kidding. >> I'm just kidding. Yeah. Uh, amazing day. That was great. Now, uh, I want to say thank you guys the for watching. Love you. I hope you guys watch this video. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Fresh bake. >> Fresh bake. Hi. >> Hi. >> Now we got to start the game of hide and seek for our car. Where did we park?
