---
video_id: ZKvS1vVBVW8
channel: FreshBaked
title: "The Paint the Night CHEAT CODE is back!"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKvS1vVBVW8
---
Been thinking about this night for weeks now. Thought I was hyped. I thought I was hyped up for tonight. I thought I was ready. But now that I'm here on Town Square and on Main Street this evening, I was not prepared for how hyped I feel. Paint tonight is back. We're going to watch it tonight. Let's go. Put your hand up. And that you guys is Main Street Disneyland at 7:21 p.m. An hour and 10 minutes still before showtime before paint the night starts. So, we're not going to be getting into this situation yet. But I'm really I'm really hyped to see all these people here on Main Street ready. It's been a while since I've seen a scene like this >> for for for Paint the Night. I mean, there's there there people wait for uh you know, the Christmas fantasy parade. Yeah. >> Um but that's it. That's basically it. We haven't had Paint the Night since before since before the Halloween season. And so, you know, it's been here for a couple of nights now. This has been my This is my first opportunity to see it tonight. And I'm just so happy. You guys, you don't know how much I love Paint the Tonight. the the genesis of this show was born out of that show arriving here on Main Street so many years ago during the 60th. Uh the 60th was the premiere of Paint Tonight here at Disneyland and it was such an event, such a pivotal moment in uh our coverage of the Disneyland Resort. Hi guys. Uh that it's been burned in my consciousness in in the best possible way. So, every time that paint makes a comeback, every time I think about paint tonight, I just feel so much happiness and joy. And seeing all these people out here on Main Street ready to see this show and probably all up and down the parade corridor makes me so darn happy. It makes me so excited to be here tonight. It's the reason why I'm here on this Wednesday evening. It's to see paint tonight. But it is just 7:25 right now and I'm not trying to wait an hour. It's slow enough right now where I don't think we need to be waiting an hour to see the show. We can find it, I think. I'm hoping. We're going to bet that that's the case. So, we're going to go find, I don't know, something fun to do while we wait for this show to start. On a proper busy day or on a proper, let's say, weekend perhaps, this scene would be so bonkers right now. Uh there's no fireworks though tonight. That's uh for, you know, there's they're doing wondrous, but there's no fireworks. It's a Wednesday, so we're not getting the usual intensity around the hub because that would also people would be queuing up or sitting and holding their spots here for Wondrous already at this point at what is it 7:24. Uh we're 2 hours from showtime on that. But uh so I I do think we're going to have a chance at a reasonable view of paint tonight because of that. Makes me wonder though, there should still be some kind of parade effect happening in the park right now. It's an hour before showtime, which is exactly the time where uh people where the show starts to suck people in out of the street or out of the queues and into their preferred spots out there on Main Street. So, all those people that we just saw on Main Street, they're not in a queue right now. So, we should possibly get a discount on some of our favorite attractions. Let's go take a look and see if that plays out. >> Certainly, this is much more breezy than we're accustomed to uh walking through the bridge at this time of night, 7:30. That's what I'm looking at right there. That's what I'm talking about. Can Peter Pan be handled? There's one chain open here. This looks like a 30-minute queue. This looks like 30. The four chains on the left are open, which is often the case. They're calling it 20. That says 20. Let's take that risk. >> I don't know if this is a 20minute queue or not. If you're getting this queue and you see this 20, you'll be lucky if it's 20. Uh we're going to roll the dice here though because if that if it's 20, that gets us out of the attraction at about 10 minutes to 8. And that's when I was hoping to start looking for my seat, my spot at 8:00 p.m. or to be in my spot at 8:00 p.m. I don't think we're going to have any trouble getting there. I think we will be in our spot by then, but uh it's going to be fairly thin, I think. going. Okay, so far we're at 9 minutes and 37 seconds to this point, which is roughly a third of the way. So, uh, yeah, certainly we're not going to make 20 minutes. Uh, but we're still on track for 30, which gets us, which gets us almost 8:00, I think. Almost 8:00. Yeah, 22 minutes. Certainly not going well so far. We've still got maybe seven more minutes in the queue. We're going to beat We might make 30, but man, that 20 is not right. Looks like we just about made it and we're looking at >> 30 minutes just to get to our boat. 33 minutes out. There it is. Second to the right. you now relax. And that is officially 801 coming out of Peter Pan. And may I just go ahead and point out that when we got in that queue, I said that's a 30 minute queue. That's exactly what we just got. Exactly. Now we got to find out what kind of spot will we get 30 minutes before showtime. Things are looking pretty busy here at the Small World Mall. It's sort of a preferred spot for me tonight because I would like to see the show earlier rather than later, but I might be too late. Ah, there's some spots here on the side. Maybe. Could we sneak in here perhaps? Maybe have it come right at us over there. These spots are all definitely taken. Nothing up top either. >> Being that I'm solo, I'm going to hope that I can just slide right in here and hope that they all get to keep sitting. Although, I don't think they will. But even if they stand, I think I've got a pretty decent line of sight right here. This is looking good. It's going to come right at me. And we're going to see the show right when it starts at 8:00. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Stand back everyone. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Oh god. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. 10 out of 10. No notes, man. Okay, one note. They they did try to sneak in that darn. They did try to sneak in that darn Jonas Brother song there at the end, but just for a few seconds. But man, am I glad to see that show is back. Absolutely outstanding. Now, uh I cannot rest on the excellence of paint tonight for too long because uh one of the things that I wanted to look into tonight was something that we call the parade effect and how there's a there's an idea and it's a perfectly valid one that you should be getting in cues while the parade's happening because it's you know we were just showing you at Peter Pan or we're trying to that it sucks in a lot of those guests. But what you don't want to do is get in a queue right now, namely one that is parade adjacent and uh most notably that's the Matorn. So I want to do a little drive by right now at 8 8:55 uh you know right after showtime. It's still happening right in front of us to see uh how that looks. So we're going to try to fade left here a little bit. There goes the back of paint the night. >> And we're going to fade left to the net horn. The the default for guests after the show is to get into a queue immediately. and uh and they're going to often get into whatever is the nearest one and that means Matahorn for where we're at. And that's especially true for people with Lightning Lane. Lightning Lane are the most common. They're the ones who are really going to cause a problem. The Lightning Lane guests are going to jump into cuz they're they're sitting on it. They haven't been using it. They're watching the parade and they haven't been using it. And for a lot of guests, they can't get the next one until they use this one. So, they want to get into a queue, >> if they have one, if they want to get into their Matah Horn uh Lightning Lane right now. Right now, this doesn't look bad at all. Right. So, if you've got a minute, you've got a minute, but look at the inflow of of guests coming into this queue right now. It's getting it's going to fill up super fast. They're going to they're right now. They're making a U-turn. They're they're right up tree and they're going right back to the house. This is a very short queue to get into. So, you've got a minute right after the show, but if you try to come here from somewhere else, you're going to have another thing. So, we're going to park here. It is, like I said, 8. It is now 8:57. I'm going to park here for a few minutes, and I want to see what happens. Now, it's not a very busy night, I don't think. Uh, so it's possible that we may not see the full effect of this, but you could see the guests filling in. They're it's going to come out of the threshold right now. Let's go take a look, actually. If they don't adjust those chains quickly, they need to do a little chain maintenance. As I say, >> second half of >> If they don't, it's going to start bursting out into wild space quickly, which it is already. >> It's okay. >> Yeah, right now it's posted 20, which is actually probably accurate. Uh, there goes Lightning Lane. A lot of people are getting into Lightning Lane now. We'll go take a peek at that, >> I think. Maybe a >> lot of guests flowing in there still. And this is just the beginning. Paint has just ended. So, right now, all we're feeling is the people coming in from the Small World side of things as the parade keeps making its way toward uh Main Street in Town Square. All those guests are going to start surfing and looking for things to do. They bumped it up to 25. Let's see if they've uh >> they haven't yet they have not yet moved the chains, >> but pretty soon they're going to have to make this thing left of tree. Still guest coming in. That's a lot. Oh my gosh, that's a lot of lightning lane filling in back there, too. >> We're now in wild space. The queue is the standby queue is actually curling around to the to the right, which is interesting. Normally, when they get into wild space, the queue turns left. It looks like actually there's two directions. These guys are coming in from the left. Those guys are coming in from the right. Unless that's lightning lane. That could be lightning lane. Yes, that Oh my gosh, there was a there was wild space for Lightning Lane there for a minute. That was fascinating. Still in wild space. >> I'm actually almost in the queue now. I think she was building. I got to back up. This queue has not moved at all by the way. We've been we've been standing here for well almost 5 minutes total but in this spot here maybe three and that they are just now moving to the right of that tree. That Q section right there they hadn't moved for a good two 2 3 minutes I think. Okay. The queue is growing. I have to back up a little bit more. Wild space is now growing out halfway down the fence line here. This is fascinating. Okay, it's still growing. Some people who are casually sitting on the rail have now just entered the queue. And there she goes. She's like, "Oops." Just like, "Well, there we go. There we go. They've done it. We are now left of tree finally." That only took 5 minutes. We are now left of tree. So wild space is going to get into wild space will move into left of tree and this is exactly this what it's been 5 minutes since I turned this this particular camera or this scene on and in that time it has grown quite a bit. That's how much time you have coming from other parts of the park. About 5 minutes if you're right here. If I'm coming, if I had gotten directly from Small World and I got directly into the queue, uh, I would have been fine. But if I'm coming from, you know, uh, if I'm if I'm watching the parade from the hub, let's say, and I get in this queue now, you're still doing okay. It's cuz it's not too busy tonight. You're still doing okay, but you're not getting the same discount you would have gotten if you got here 5 minutes ago. Still 25. And wild space is now cleared out. That's good. We may have I don't know, man. I don't see the heavy traffic coming in. So, that might be it for now. But they've grown a switch back and a half. Maybe two since we arrived. >> Hey guys, how are you? There's the new back of the queue, which by the way is still uh you're still looking at less than 20 minutes. Oh, here comes some more. Q is growing. By the way, the reason why it's stacking like this is two reasons. It's growing. It's compounding. The the back of the queue isn't moving forward for two reasons. One, because a lot of people are getting into the queue right now. Yes. But also because they're not moving the front of the queue because there's a lot of action right now on Lightning Lane. As I mentioned, Lightning Lane is the number one guest that tries to get in there after the parade. So, they're going to they're going to be shipping Lightning Lane for a while. And so that the so the front of the queue isn't going to get a lot of action mixing in. It's a few more minutes, but uh back of the queue is now on the outbound left of tree switchback where before it was the back of the queue was at about the middle of the ride of tree outbound switchback. So they have grown two two and a half switchbacks right now in the what is now probably 7 or 8 minutes since we started watching this queue. Now, we're going to hope to take advantage of the inverse effect, the proper uh parade effect when Wondrous uh starts. That's in about at 9:30. We're going to hope to I mean, it's not going to be as as uh resonant as the parade as paint tonight because more people are watching paint than are watching Wondrous, but we may get some benefit. >> So, for now, look at that. We're going to do something that we get to do very often is story book land at night. And look at this discount we're getting right now. Now, this doesn't get as affected as maybe Matah Horn might in terms of the post parade effect mostly because this attraction is not nearly as pos or popular as Matah Horn is. We're getting a nice discount here. We'll be on our boat in maybe 10 minutes considering the back of the queue is I mean it may not even be that may not even be 10 minutes. I >> think that might be our boat in seven minutes. >> Captain tonight for your safety with Pinocchio. But don't be scared. He's not going to eat us. He's helping us get to a magic place called Storywood Land and a house made of guaranteed wolfproof bricks. The big bad wolf huffed and he puffed and he blew us all the way around the corner to a quaint English village home to Alice where one golden afternoon she followed the white rabbit down happily ever after in the palace. Their love shines bright like the lights from the arches above us. The same ones when they went for a magic carpet ride over, sideways, and under to a whole new world. While the genie wished to be free from his left, Snow White wished to be free from the evil queen. Her fairy god would have been granted her wish. Unfortunately, she didn't make it home by midnight and get right. And the trusty crying camp, she was able to have the best day ever. And finally, the floating lighter than the power of magic, the power of love. >> The magic continues across the way in the Alpine Village where wood clever Japetto wished for his puppet to become a real boy. I hope you all enjoyed this story that I'm sorry, too. Our ride has now come to the end. And we are now back out in Medicine. As you can hear, that is the sound of wondrous that is happening right now. The projections only. No pyro tonight. So, we're not going to get as good a firework effect as we might normally get. But we are going to compare this queue situation now here at the Mat Horn at approximately 9:35. Let me double check. 9:32. Now it's posted 20 and we'll get a clock started on that. But look at that. We are right of tree. And not only are we right of tree, well, actually we're not. We're already inbound. The back of the queue is now on the inbound to the house. That is the that is the most not 20-minute queue that I've ever seen in my life. This queue shrunk by I don't know 3/4 perhaps. This queue was full. That queue was full. And that queue was full. Or I should say switchback. And this one. I mean, all these were full when uh we left this queue just after paint the night. We're going to mix in less than a minute. >> Yeah. >> Uh that's fine. Yeah. Unless this is open. >> They're both open. >> Okay, I'll take that one then. Come on through. All right. Thank you. So, that's uh 47 minutes or seconds, I should say. I just got in single rider. Uh I I I'm watching the camera. I'm not paying attention. I just got in the single rider queue for a second. But anyway, we have mixed in 1 minute and 10 seconds. at this point will be in our vehicle in uh I don't know 3 minutes 4 minutes tops now even though it's not a very busy day and I would have gotten any I would have gotten in any of these cues under normal conditions without you know doing show but the cool part about doing this on a not very busy afternoon or evening is that it's much more visible that was super obvious what I'm talking about the the parade effect or the firework effect we saw it on both cases we watched the queue grow as all those all those parade guests were filling it up and now we've gotten into this queue and watched it shrink while the you know the fireworks are happening. So we did something else in between. We didn't try to get into a a major queue in between. We got into something much more low impact like storybook land. That is knowing that is understanding how you know the patterns and rhythms of Disneyland work. And for what it's worth, I don't know if we can tell, but there's no queue out there at all. Now, if a standby guest were to walk in right now, and hopefully we can catch one, they would they would walk straight into that uh turn style right there. >> There's lightning lane is coming in. That's fascinating. >> They just did the same exact thing that a standby guest would have done. I mean, I get it, but this is what I talk about all the time about, you know, people like, "Use it. Use it so you can use another one." But they haven't accomplished anything. >> You know, like for me, when I'm getting lightning, I want to accomplish something. I want to save time. What? They haven't accomplished anything. I I feel bad because this is not the day to have that. You got it, you might as well use it. But, uh, that's just an observation that I make it. That's it's more of a a very obvious visual to one. Yeah. Looks like they're going to squeeze us in here to row number five. Oh, that's our boat right here. No, the red one is our boat. Oh no. Oh my god. And just to finish this process, coming back out here to the front of the queue, 5 minutes now. And guests are in fact just walking straight in. >> Uh they're they're being asked to just pick a side like I was and getting in a queue and they can just walk right into the covered area. There's lots of space in that queue right there. Now m mind you it's now 9:45 so I mean the the the park is winding down but just the disparity between that and what we it was like just an hour ago not even an hour ago 45 minutes ago five switchbacks full down to zero uh and that's mostly because of the fact that there's a fireworks well it just finished I think I think wondrous just wrapped and here's the scene outside uh sleeping muted castle just after the firework show people are starting to spur Lots of positive vibes out here, man. Gosh, I love Disneyland after a firework show. I don't care how bonkers it gets. And this is nothing, by the way. I've been through here on nights that it's just been absolute madness. You can't even walk. I fear for my life at times. Uh but this is kind of nice. But the even when that happens, even in those moments, I don't want to walk in somebody's photo. Even in those moments, I'm still so blessed. I feel so happy and thrilled to be here amongst all of these like-minded people who just want to soak in. And this is what we were saying last time, man. You know, uh our last uh closing the park video about anybody who's here now has no agenda pretty much. They maybe they get more of a ride in, which I could be doing right now, but I'm not. But pretty much everybody here is either leaving the park or they just want to stay here because why not? Because it's amazing. Because it's delightful and wonderful and you just want to be at Disneyland. Uh, I'm gonna I don't know. I I I I want something to eat, though. I'm not going to do the ride. I'm gonna find myself a treat, I think. And we're in luck. I wasn't sure, but my preferred choice, preferred destination, tropical hideway is open. I got a hankering for a dole whip float. A nice classic dole float. Nothing too crazy unless they have this seasonal drink. Oh dear goodness. Uh I may have to change that. >> All right. Thank you. >> Thanks guys. >> Wow. Two days ago we had that experience of enjoying a ride after the park closes. It is 9:57 and we'll be enjoying this float, this dough whip float after the park closes. 957. final Jungle Cruise boats are coming into the station right now. I I was I had just got done saying that I wanted to get a classic Doeh Whip and then I remembered they've got some new stuff here uh for January and that is the uh Doehip Strawberry Sunday. That's a fresh diced strawberries, shortcake, and strawberry drizzle. That shortcake is really interesting on there. You don't normally get shortcake on a Dole Whip. They don't normally mess around too much in that sense. Uh they they'll do taheen which again always taheen is a yes. See I mean it's good. I'm easy to please when it comes to stuff like this. But damn, there's something about a classic dolip. The tartness of it or something. The citrusy nature, especially if it's a float. I'm going to enjoy this. This is going to taste really good. But the whole time I'm going to be wondering or should I have gotten a regular float? The short cake crumble does not belong in here. I'm not enjoying that. Oh, that's some bummer. I I mean, I'm still the vibe is great. And again, I have no I have no regrets getting this cuz I'm going to enjoy it. But I do kind of wish I had a dough whip float, a pineapple to whip it float right now. But really, how can you argue with this experience? You know, it's funny. Uh people often ask me, Dave, how can you go solo? I I don't know if I can do solo. Well, I'll tell you what. I probably wouldn't be doing this right now if I weren't solo. I would be doing something that, you know, maybe somebody else in the group wanted to do. There was a vote or whatever or, you know, Sophia wanted to do something or my wife wanted to do something, but I wanted I wanted a doe whip and I got a doe whip. So, for those of you who are wondering, you know, what are the benefits of a solo trip to Disneyland? Having a doe whip at 10:00, listening to the Jungle Cruise boats go by and Rosita cracking jokes over there in this amazing music that plays here at Tropical Highway. I love this music. Hopefully I don't get copyrighted. It makes me feel like I'm in a Bond movie right now. A Sean Connory Bond movie. What an amazing way to end a night, but it's not over cuz um we're going to um we're going to hit Main Street and check out some of the shops and stuff on the way out, too. We're going to close it out. It's 10:00, so we're going to we're going to, you know, we still got a little bit of time left on this evening. I want to soak it in some shortcake crumble. No. Good night, Tropical Hideway. Folks leaving the park now. Everybody's going out. I'm not going back in. Just kind of watch these crowds come in a little bit. It's 10:10. How's it going? Uh 10:10. 10 minutes after closing. Let's go say good night to the rest of the park. Looks like you can still get some Jolly Holiday. Look at that queue. There's still a queue here. The jolly. What? What? I know that they have some J new foods for January in here that we haven't tried. Treats and such. But that's a good 15 20 people waiting to get some Jolly Holiday and and more coming in. The que's about to get bigger. >> Sorry, I came out and I was like, >> "Wow, >> you know, I was just thinking too that I regretted not getting a dolph at at the at Refreshment Corner, which is usually my go-to closing the park snack, but we spent it at the at Tropical Hideway. I'm trying to find the light. Oh, there it is. >> Right there in the corner. >> Next time. Salted pretzel. next time. >> Hi guys. >> Hi. >> Uh, see you folks exiting Disneyland on Main Street. Everybody's going out. Everybody's going out. So cool. You're feeling tired. Your bones hurt. You need sleep, but you also don't want to leave. I remember feeling that at Walt Disney World, Magic Kingdom. I had I was there the whole day. I went from, you know, bell to bell, rope drop to closing. By the time I was heading down Main Street or, you know, I was like, gosh, I really want to get home and go to bed, but I mean, when am I going to be here again? When am I going to be in Magic Kingdom again? It could be a while. I totally get it, man. I totally get it. >> It's easy for me to take it easy here at Disneyland because I live so close. I come whenever I want. But >> I know what you guys are thinking. I know how you're feeling. They're so full. I cannot believe how busy it is out here. Town square at what is now 10:19. People hung around tonight. The Q seven deep for pop. Oh man, popcorn sounds so good right now. Oh my. No, that's more than Oh my gosh. It's going around the corner, >> you guys. >> That's not seven. That's 40. Oh my goodness. It's around the corner. They're going to be selling popcorn all night. They're going to close this place. People are still going to want popcorn. That's incredible. Are is there a There's not even a bucket right now. This is just for popcorn. I don't think there's a bucket >> out, right? Oh, there is some kind of Valentine's Day bucket up there. >> I do see that. >> But I can't imagine that's what's pulling all these guests. >> Hi. Oh, yeah. Hi. >> Wow. >> But this I just can't get enough of. Behold. They're still selling popcorn, but it looks like churros are done for the night. No more churros. They've packed it up. I just can't believe there's that many people trying to get popcorn tonight. Good for them. I would love to be sitting on a bench right now eating popcorn listening to that music. That sounds wonderful. >> Fresh. >> Hopefully you guys are imagining yourselves here. Or maybe you don't have to cuz you're watching this video, but you know exactly what I'm doing, where exactly where I'm at. And it's the best way to end a Disneyland day. No doubt about it. Actually, it's where I usually try to start my Disneyland days, too. Especially the State of Disney Reports. I'm always starting up here. Uh but yeah, man. This is this is so wonderful. And it's now, let's see, 10:31. It's about what I was shooting for. It's I cannot believe how crowded it is still on Main Street right now. There's still so many people coming out of the park. Uh normally it takes about I would say maybe well if it was later in the evening again the parks are closing at 10:00 p.m. right now so you still get that you know everybody's still here. They're not exactly exhausted but at midnight if it were 12:30 right now there would be a third or a fourth as many people still on Main Street. Uh by by 1:00 am by midnight it or I mean after an hour after closing by 1:00 am it's almost a total ghost town. We got a ways to go. They're not going to you know what I mean? They're not going to be out. They're not going to be done on Main Street in the shops etc till 11:30 45 maybe. They got a ways to go still. It is busy out there. Uh but anyway that's our show guys. I hope you enjoyed fun show tonight. I really I really like bringing these to you and uh enjoy that park science. Enjoy that paint tonight. Uh look for the full the full show. I'm put the full show on tourists departing daily and uh and probably the full ride through of Storybook Land on Tourists Departing Daily also. Stay tuned for that. And uh we love you guys. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another bike. Man, I just missed the sweeper train. just came in all quiet and they didn't announce it or anything, but there's the sweeper train. It just did its full tour. Oh man. If you're not familiar with it, the sweeper train is at closing at 1000 p.m. tonight. It's It begins the last trip of the train, the last train, the last tour around the park, and it makes you can't get off. You have >> Hi, guys. Uh you it picks up only it goes around the park and it picks up all the last guests at each station. Uh you can't get off, you can't deboard anywhere. So once you board this the super train, you're staying off of the full tour and you're the last train around and it's really one of those uh core memory type experiences, your bucket list type experiences. And it just rolled in all silent like it's at 10:35 right now pulling in. I think we've got a video of that also uh on tourists departing daily if you want to see the last the super train. That is an empty Disneyland Railroad right there. And now we can say good night. Thanks for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind out there. Respect.
