---
video_id: yFgmDWMm3Rg
channel: FreshBaked
title: "FreshBaked! is live!"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFgmDWMm3Rg
---
Hi guys. [sighs] [gasps] Okay. Oh, no. We good? I think we're good. Okay. Uh, what else? Get locked and loaded. [snorts] >> [sighs] [sighs] >> Jungle Cruiser Lincoln and Walt shows debut tomorrow. Is that right? cuz I Walt was or Lincoln was playing yesterday, but they were told that Walt wasn't working. So, they're going to do the whole alternate show thing tomorrow. Jungle Cruiser. Do you have source on that? How long do we think Rhy Resistance is closed for? I'm going to predict one more day. Actually, no. It's going to open tomorrow. According to the website, according to the Disneyland website, Rise opens tomorrow. Thank you to JLo Disney for the $5 gift. Were you surprised about the rise opening news? Very surprised. Yes, I was very surprised because we just checked the calendar like three days ago and there was no date at all. It was completely went from no date to tomorrow. How did you enjoy the Super Bowl? Boring. Most boring Super Bowl ever. No doubt about that. Checking on uh if Jungle Cruiser respond. Well, if it was a mistake, Kelly, like Big Thunder, they would have already updated the website. We're going to find out either way because I'm going to be walking by there tomorrow afternoon. So, we'll see. Nate, CFL's better. What are you talking about, Nate? [laughter] Uh, Ryan Lavastina, get the $5. Thank you. Just got back from Disneyland today. Lunar New Year food was good. Sweethearts night was okay, but the best part was seeing Peter 2 riding Astro Blasters. Wait, he wrote Astro Oh, Astro Blasters. I was thinking Astro Orbiter. I could see him doing Astro. Uh he he doesn't normally That's not on his normal route. Astro Blasters, but still he does ride that one. Uh Sweet and Sassy gift of $5. Thank you. I saw you while I was at the hideway last Wednesday. I missed you though. I wanted to say thank you for helping me plan an amazing Disney trip. Well, you just did. Thank you very much. I appreciate you, Jungle Cruiser. So, you're saying KTLA announced that? Really? Uh Nate, get the two bucks. Thank you. Jose would like a popcorn from Grizzly Peak Air. What's that? I can't I can't do I can't do kiosks. I can only do mobile order. I don't think I can mobile order popcorn. Well, let's see. Let's see what KTLA Disneyland news. I know they had uh I know that they had news about the Toy Story bus. Oh, there it is. Disneyland launches daily rotation of Main Street Opera House. That's amazing. Uh somebody says I can really Grizzly really grandma. I wonder uh if I'll have time to do that. That's incredible. I was not prepared for that. You can they they didn't give us any uh heads up on that either. You can mobile order at Grizzly Peak. But which restaurant or at or is it at the as at at the ODV cart or Cozy Cone? Yeah, you can get popcorn at Cozy Cone, too. I forgot about that. I'll check it. I'm loading up the uh bat phone as we speak, so just give me a minute. I've never had anybody ever ask for popcorn. That's a first. Fascinating. An ODV cart with mobile order. Thank you to uh Charlie for the $2 gift. Hi, Mr. FreshBaked. I'm a brand new subscriber. Welcome to the family. We appreciate you. Did I close it? What happened? Oh, I haven't opened it yet. Is there any room to land an airplane at Grizzly Peak airfield? No. Not Not even close. [laughter] Not even close. No. I'm sorry to report. What's the status on raised brace? Funny you say that. I walked by it. I I think it was in our uh acoustic video. Well, not acoustic, but on our tours departing daily video where it looked like it was there's some uh there's some grass dying on the roof. Let's see. We go dining. Scroll about. Oh my gosh. You can look at that. Popcorn at Grizzly Peak Airfield. Uh, okay. One box of popcorn. Okay. Oh, wait. Not okay. I forgot. We've got the usual drama. with the credit card. Still don't know how to fix this. Okay. Uh, mice chat mentioned rise tomorrow. Yeah. Well, that's becau. Just understand whenever somebody talks about an opening date, it's because that's been published on the Disneyland website. The Disneyland reverb calendar is showing rise coming up. That's they didn't Not this again. trying that again. Charles, get the $5. Thank you. I saw you at the park, but was too scared to say hi due to my terrible anxiety. I feel you. I didn't want to bother you while you were filming. Uh, first of all, I'm anxiety, too. Um, hang on. Why is it saying I don't know why I'm having such a difficult time with this now? The green is not fully enabled. Okay, we're starting over. I'm sorry. This thing is being so Oh god, I hate this. Anyway, where were we? Uh, is Pork I saw I saw Porkins here earlier. Yeah, it's best to catch Dave when he's drunk. Well, you would know, sir. [laughter] [gasps] When are we going to do run Disney? Never, dude. I am I can't run. I've never once even contemplated doing run Disney. That's not on any kind of bucket list or anything like that. I have no interest in run Disney. Not even as an experience. Normally, I like to do things. I just want to have that experience. No. [laughter] running with for for pleasure. I just don't understand. I like to walk. I like walking. The heck? Oh my god, you guys. I'm going to I'm going to freak out here. [sighs] The problem is is my bat phone is super old, so it it's not very responsive. Oh my god. Uh I may have to um I don't know. We're going to have to find some other way. [laughter] Walt, you know, Walt loved two things. Walt loved trains and Walt loved run Disney races. You're right. You should do chalk walk. Um I you know that that's been around a long time. Yeah, I thought about it, but um I don't know, maybe someday. Okay, trying once more. Here we go. Everybody cross your fingers. It also doesn't help that my screen is cracked. I can't see what I'm typing. In many cases, Order number is 2701. 2701. Uh, let me know, Jose, if you're in the neighborhood and I'll click the I'm here button. Oh, tell me about it. Rogue attraction frozen update was good. Went on it today. Is it see I well I think it's pretty obvious that the uh non-projected faces are worse than static faces. I think that's a given. I wonder they haven't done the Ratatouille one yet, right? Ratatouille has not been unthreaded yet. That's the one I really want to know about if the experience is better or not. Jesus gift the two bucks. Thank you very much. Will the bus station with the Toy Story parking lot continue after March 30th without interruption? According to Disney, yes, but we don't know how. We don't know what their replacement service will be, but they said it's going to continue without interruption. Uh, Donna gifted seven bucks. Thank you. Greetings from Australia. Love the footage of the Skyway. Thank you. Have film of views over Fantasy Land from this from 1985. Can't wait for my June trip. I would love to have been able to. I don't remember ever riding this guy by bucket to be honest. The the good news with Mr. Lincoln show. No mention of Bob Iger for the [laughter] What happened to Bob Iger? He's like no longer at all popular with Disney fans. Ratatouille 2D is much more enjoyable. I agree that will be the case. And I hope I agree because we're going in March, I think. And hopefully I'll have a chance to ride Ratatouille then. Okay. If it's Grizzly, I'm here. Yes, it's Grizzly. I hit the here button. It'll be ready in minute 2701. I missed the chat. Let me go back. I do not see one. No, I think I got everybody. All are answered. Jesse, it's because fans thought Iger coming back was going to fix all the mess ups at the parks and it pretty much remained the same. Exactly the same. He really didn't. There was nothing changed at Disneyland. Neither with Iger's uh re coming back or with the replacement Thomas Manzum as the president of Disneyland or Disney resort. Nothing changed under his watch either really. I don't see any appreciable change or difference between this year and last year or this year and three years ago. I I think I think Iger is coming back. They paid him $48 million a year just to stop the bleeding. That was it. Just as just to get people to shut up about Bob Chapek, I think namely me in my video that asked if we should if they should fire Bob Chapek. I have heard I made a should they fire Bob Chacet video while he was still CEO and I heard that got viewed by more than a few executives. [laughter] I heard that anecdotally. I don't know that for sure but uh yeah. Yeah. Thomas Maz looms legacy will be the great fry apocalypse for sure. That's if anything it's gotten worse, right? It's as if it doesn't really matter who is in charge. Well, in some sense, Alto, it it doesn't because it's really it's the board, the board of directors that kind of lead things a little bit. They, you know, certainly the CEO makes decisions and provides leadership, etc., but it is often the case that stuff has to be run through the board. If the board is unhappy with what the president is doing, then that then that president or CEO gets fired like Bob Chapek. So the board does in the end sort of run things a little bit and that makes sense that why things are the way they are because the board is only concerned about the price. Uh the board is only concerned about um if they're making money. Did you see the evil queen got let go? Yeah. Well, see, here's the This is one of one of those stories where we don't know the whole story. No chance. No chance is Disney giving us the whole story. No chance is that cast member giving us the whole story or the complete story. But if what's being said in that video that she broke a rule, then she broke a rule, [laughter] you know, like you're not supposed to you're not supposed to, you know, do a fourth wall kind of situation like that. You're not supposed to talk the way she did if that's what if that's really the reason why. I don't know if that's the reason why or not. Disney hasn't said. She said, but we don't know if that's true or not. Uh, Charles, get the two bucks. Was Disney better pre- internet during the map days? Well, the internet existed during the map days. The internet's been around quite a while. Uh, exactly. Who said that? Uh, where is it? I got to find it. The rogue attraction. And you're not supposed to be bigger than the character. The character is the star, not the cast member. The character is the star. You're not the lead. You're not the main character. The the character is the main character. You got to respect that whether you like it or not. You know, people might want to, you know, give credit for SAS or whatever, but no. No. Uh Arnest the $5. Thank you. Jim Shaw was on your last vlog. Did you ask him about DCA? It would have been cool to get him to walk the park with you. Also, the fries are garbage. No, we didn't really talk about anything like that. Um, it was it was brief. It was short. I didn't want to, you know, I don't I don't like bothering people to be perfectly honest. Uh, Tom, gift of $2. Thank you. Are you going to Adam's celebration of life? Yes. Yes, we are. Jean, yes, but the star makes the character. Sure. Sure. And if they were uh, you know, in Hollywood or something like that, that might be a different story. uh where where Hollywood sells the actor, they put their name on the marquee. Uh in sports, they put the name on the back of the jersey. That is not the case at Disneyland. It is not the case. Your job is to portray the character. Now, again, I'm not trying to cast judgment. I'm not saying that that's what she did or that's why they fired her. She's saying that and if that's true, then then they were justified in my opinion. Uh but again, I don't know if that's the reason. I feel like we never know the full story just like we were talking about last week. There's I feel like there's missing information on that story has been from the very beginning. Exactly again. There he goes. Tristan Hathaway. You should know who the actor playing the character is. And people did. Yeah. Yes. Character first, show first. Always character first, show first. Always. Have you ever heard of Burnbomb's guides? Yes, I have. >> I did not watch the interview, so I have no idea if she was define or anything like that. I I don't know. The rogue attraction. I blame Tik Tok. Too many cast members are now doing them while on property. Is it time already? Hello, Belle. Is it time for Angela to take a bath, too? Well, she's in a bath already. Good job. I love your little fantasy world that you live in. Here she goes. My daughter. Everybody. >> Okay. >> Say bye. >> Say good night. >> Good night. >> And then stare at yourself for 10 seconds. >> Come on, Sophia. >> Uh Trey, Keshi, get the two bucks. Thank you. Runaway, Railway, or Roger Abbott? Runaway all day. >> [clears throat] >> Runaway is one of my probably top three favorite attractions in the entire park. Kristen, she's so big now. Do you guys want more kids? Um, whether we want to or not, we cannot. Do you have a fresh baked code for Getaway Today if we decide to use them? Uh, no. I don't think there is a code. I think there was once, but I don't think there is any more. Just use the . The link is the code. The link is what attaches us to your your vacation planning. The link is in the description of like all the videos except for the this one. Just go open up any video and you can see the link for that. Trey Kesh, you get the $2. Thank you. Why is Buzz so much better at land than World? Dude, World sucks. It's the gun. The gun is terrible at World. That's the main thing for me. Uh, luckily they're replacing those. When Buzz reopens uh, in Magic Kingdom soon, I think they're going to have new guns, but that's the problem. It's the gun. The gun is terrible. Trey edition, you get the two bucks. Is Goofy's Kitchen worth the money? Worth is a highly subjective term for any sort of character dining experience. It is expensive. Uh Liz and I took Sophie once to Goofy's kitchen for dinner and I want to say it was $120 for the three of us at least. I can't remember for sure, but that sounds about right. Like 40 bucks per person, which is incredibly expensive because the food is more or less okay. You just get to eat as much as you want, but the food itself is kind of just okay. But uh if money is no object then yeah it's great. We had a great experience. It was lovely. Sigs the storyteller get the $10. Thank you. Hi David. Where does one go to see the schedule of cool events like Gumball Rally Mini Moonlight? Well those aren't Disney events so they don't get published. Um I don't know how to I don't know how to uh advise you on that. I don't know where you can um boy I I just don't know. There's uh I don't even know who runs Moonlight Madness or Dapper Days or any of that other stuff. Train is get the two bucks. Thank you. Best park at Universal Orlando. Uh I'm probably an islands guy. I think I prefer islands. Yeah, storytellers I agree is better food and it's a better experience. I agree on that. But you have to have a reservation in order to whereas Goofy's Goofy's Kitchen you can go without a reservation to the park. I mean, Tanisha, you get the $5. Thank you. I was upset because I could only use Guardians Lightning Lane once per day. Well, that's the same for every attraction. Uh, yeah. Otis, skip the five bucks. Thank you. Bob was chairman of the board. Uh, yes, but still the board has to come to an agreement. He's it it's not it's not his only he's not the only vote. He has one vote out of I think it's 10 or 12 people I think. I'm not sure how big the board is. Where do we get your cap? Uh London. [laughter] This this was purchased in London and shipped to me. AR Coran gift of $5. Thank you. Sophia seems like she's around my niece's age. Wondering if there are any rides she is afraid of. Nothing yet. Uh, nothing that I could think of. Um, she got a little freaked out on one ride, but she got over it quickly. But there's no rides that she's afraid of. Do you think Disney should replace Dani water with anything in the with anything else? Well, they have a contract with Coke. Disneyland is a is represented as as serviced by Coke and Dani is a Coke brand. I do think though they have a second brand available. I think they have Smart Water also, but you have to have Dani because it's they're they're a Coke park. Trey Kish, you get the $5. Thank you. I know Mondays are busy days. Is this true in the summer? It's true year round. It's true year round. >> I don't know where Boris is. >> I don't owe you. >> I Honey, I don't know where Boris is. >> Well, keep trying. He couldn't have gone anywhere. >> Our cat is missing. >> Boris, >> please hold. >> Boris. >> Boris. I think she found it. >> No. >> Um, >> he doesn't answer to treats. I have to go. I think I have to go help guys. Hold that thought. I'll be right back. I'm sorry. >> Kitty kitty kitty kitty. You love it. Boris. No. Boris. kitty kitty kitty kitty. Where where is he? Oh my god. Sophie, when you went outside, did you go outside? I know. I know. Okay, >> sorry guys. We got to call this stream. I got to go find my cat.
