---
video_id: ApbxTIhNPxs
channel: FreshBaked
title: "6 Rides w/ 36 minutes in queues - Busiest time of day at Disneyland"
published: 2026-03-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApbxTIhNPxs
---
We take it down a notch. I don't have to get in this queue right now. Get out of that busy queue. Leave that anxiety behind. Get on the Rivers of America. Chill out on the paddle wheel. >> It's noon. You're at Disneyland. You're about to get into what looks to be a 60-minute queue for Indiana Jones. A queue that's in a place that that has no business being. And you're asking yourself, "Do I really want to get into that queue right now?" I don't. During the busiest time of the day, noon and on towards three o'clock, you don't have to get into that Indiana Jones queue. You have options. You have options that are certainly much less anxietyinducing. Don't don't require the app. Don't require you to know if it's a good weight time or a bad time. You have options. We're going to we're going to show you some of those options. Hopefully at least four, possibly five of those over the next few hours. And that's going to start and include the Mark Twain river boat here around the Rivers of America. I like being able to take the afternoon off and not stress about cues and guests and crowds and I like to enjoy myself. I like to slow down and take it easy for a couple hours before we get back into the action. Now, with respect to this video, within the context of what we're trying to accomplish today, maybe the best thing about Demar Twain is that you just have to show up. There's no queue. There's no queue at all. So, you just you just arrive here. It shows up on the dock and you just you just walk in. You just walk in and go anywhere you want. Be as relaxed as you want to be. Don't get me wrong, I love a new ticket as much as the next guy, but I also love taking it easy and just sort of taking in the Disneyland atmosphere, the aesthetic, just being here. And you know, these kinds of attractions, now is the time for those because they never get too busy. The attractions you're going to be hitting today, they never get too busy. Even at the most busiest time of the day, which is what we're at right now, you don't want to be anywhere near an e ticket at what is now 12:17 in the afternoon. Ahead one quarter engine room ahead three quarters found >> and I am sorry >> Indiana Jones doesn't have that of America. On our trip, we'll visit the magnificent Columbia of the great Northwest, the graceful Missouri of the windswept plains, and the rugged Rio Grand along the border of Texas and Mexico. One of those stories involves the old mansion you see over there on the hill. I heard it said that the place is haunted, filled with >> That old mansion's looking pretty busy right now as well. We're going to stay away from that, guys. You can see the queue back there. It's into Leota's garden. >> Too far for me to see the post of way time. But I can tell right now I don't want to be in that queue. Look at that. They're around the side of that the side of the garden. That's never good. If I were to say a go no go, I'd say if you see the queue back there on the side of that garden, that's a nogo. Stay away from Haunted Mansion at 12:30 in the afternoon. >> Let a splash at Princess. Head on over when you get the chance. Instead, come to the back of the Mark Twain. >> Chill out on the paddle wheel. Just do what I do. Looks like the hungry bear's packed right now, too. As we head into the remote areas of the Rivers of America, you're in for a treat. I've been Navigating these parts of majestic trees, the stunning rock formations, the casc often said that there is a certain undefinable quality when you go to Disney. design. It makes you feel a certain kind of way a way that you don't feel going to other theme parks, other amusement parks. And as I mentioned, sometimes it's indefinable, but I can define it. This exactly attractions like this, attractions that you don't get at other theme parks. You know, you can't even get this at another Disney theme park. Well, no, you can't Disneyland Paris. >> If you want to ever feel that Disneyland feeling, get out of that busy queue. Leave that anxiety behind. Get on the rivers of America. And there, just beyond the shaman, is a tribe of plains Indians setting up their camp along the banks of the river. They'll be here for a few months and then move on. And I would have no disagreement from anyone if they decided to put Tom Sawer Island on their midday schedule of events. Again, no queue here. You might have to wait for a boat. No queue, no ride vehicles, no waiting of any kind other than again, like I said, just for the boat to come back and pick you up. The Toms Island is a great way to uh take the pressure off in the middle of your afternoon. Especially if you've already been here since 8:00 a.m. If you rope dropped and you want to you want to wind down a little bit, this is perfect. Go right from the Mark Twain to the top of Sora Island. We're not doing that today, but this is absolutely a candidate uh for this kind of afternoon that we're trying to plan right now. poison damage to business. >> The Mark Twain is a microcosm, the perfect example of that Disneyland feeling. I love going on attractions like the Mark Twain when I want to feel like I'm at Disneyland. You you know you're at Disneyland when >> Matahorn. I love the Matter Horn as much as the next person. Like I said before, one of my favorite attractions of the park. I have crazy amounts of respect for the Matahorn. But today, right now at 12:40 in the afternoon, no thank you. I I I don't see any reason to get in this queue. Uh the Matahorn is going to be here all day just like some of the other E ticket attractions. It's going to be here all day. >> So there are definitely better opportunities to to catch the metadat uh just before closing. Lots of other, you know, times and places. Heck, even just, you know, later on this afternoon, it could be much easier to get to. But between 12:00 and 3 or that or even 4:00, you can call it, that's that time when the rope drop crowd and the the late arriving crowd are mixing together and they're putting the most pressure on the parks. So instead of seeing huge cues for Lightning Lane and huge cues on standby for the Mat Horn, we take it down a notch. Oh, hi. Oh. Uhoh. >> Hi guys. stressfree. >> Take the time at this time of day to find moments. Take the paths less traveled like Snow White's Groda. Take the attraction less traveled. Line forms here now. Technically, there will be a line. Hi, guys. Uh, but they are running two trains. Uh, let's get a clock started actually. And I would predict that we're going to be in our train in maybe 2 or 3 minutes. Talking about the Marks Wayne being one of my favorite attractions. This might be There it goes. Casey Chader. That's train number two. That's going to be our boat. We'll be getting on that train. It's now 2 minutes. Uh when that train is back in the station is when we're getting aboard probably. Well, I might even make this. Yeah, that's mine. Uh uh probably my favorite attraction here at Disney for so many different reasons. Uh but again, within the context of this conversation, when they're running two trains, it's the queue is just butter. You know, you're not waiting early at all. Um, it's just cuz the cube never fills up. It just never gets that busy here with two trains. And then you get perhaps the single most Disney attraction that you can do. I know. I mean, there's Pirates, which maybe get on our list later today. You got Pirates, you've got the Mark Twain, you got the Disneyland Railroad, and you've got Casey J. And four, I don't know if you can see that. 4 minutes and 15 seconds later, that's our boat. And we are out of here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. like this. Now we only 12:57 now in Fantasy Land. And I know it looks right. >> This is kind of intense, right? But we're going to get out of this situation as quickly possible and take you to another super easy, anxietyfree queue. And that's our goal. Our goal for the for these three hours is to take it as easy as possible. Reduce the amount of stress and anxiety and worry. We want to take it down. We want to make it easy. We want to do things we know are not going to be a problem. We know that Mark Twain is not going to be a problem. We know that Casey Jr. at 12:30 in the afternoon is not going to be a problem. And we know that the Mad Tea Party is not going to be a problem even though there is a full queue here and we are going to start our clock. Well, fullish for Mad Tea Party. Uh this is going to be 10 minutes tops. And 6 minutes and 12 seconds later, that's our boat teacup. I don't sleep on that. We've been on three rides and spent a total of 10 minutes in cues right now. 10 minutes total in cues. We're going on our third attraction. And it bears repeating that's at the busiest time of the day. It is now presently >> Hello there. Welcome to our unbed. It's just another one that is quickly becoming uh or has I mean it has become it's not quickly it's been happening for the past few years. One of my another one of my favorite attract but different from the others and that this one just makes me happy and that's I love it. I love having the chance to be happy because the spinning and the colors and the lights and the music and everybody screaming and having a good time here. It makes me happy. And that's such a valuable thing to have when you're at Disneyland because if you don't if you if you put too much pressure on your day, especially in the middle of day like this, you wind up feeling anxiety, you wind up feeling anger, you know, stress, whatever. I don't feel anything like that, man. When I'm on the seats, I don't feel anything like No. Now, there are also, by the way, while we're here, other attractions that don't add stress to your day or the dark rides. You can get a really good discount right now on all of the dark rides compared to other attractions. Of course, they're all 10 or 15 minutes. Nice and easy attractions to be doing and they make you happy. >> Pass complete located across from the Alice and Wonderland attraction. The flight circle. Each rocket has one big seat belt. >> I love Space Mountain as much as the next guy. One of my favorite attractions at Disneyland. It really is truly an original. I love Space Mountain at Disneyland, but I'm not getting in this queue at 1:30 in the afternoon. I'm not get I'm not going to wait 60 minutes. Uh because you've got all that competition from Lightning Lane and you know standby is going to be hurting and we can say that it is 60 minutes or at least very close to it because the queue is nearly to the door. 60 minutes is the door. This is you know all the work you have. I'm not getting in this queue you guys right now. I don't have to I don't have to get in this queue right now. It's quite literally the worst possible timing to be on Space Mountain right now. I like to get here and do it in the morning at rope drop. I like to do it. Hi guys. Uh I like to do it uh before closing. I like to do it in the last 2 hours. Uh if you can't do that, then do it when there's a parade happening or do it when there's a firework show happening. You're not going to get the full discount, but you're not going to wait 60 minutes either. You might wait 30 or 40, but it's still better. And in the meantime, while we're not in that queue, we're getting in the queue for the Montreal. Now, obviously, the Montreal is closed right now, but I'm still going to cover it here. I'm still doing here. This is a cornerstone attraction for an afternoon at Disneyland. It's closed. It's under a quick reverb. Uh but you're in this queue for no more than 6 or 7 minutes. It's not even technically a queue. There is no queue. Just like the Mark Twain, you just show up and you wait. Uh the the a round trip on the Montreal is 13 minutes generally speaking. So if there's two Montreals, which there almost always is, that means you're not going to you're going to wait half that time. You're going to wait 6 and 1/2 minutes at the mo most. That's if you just missed if the Montreal just left the station. You're going to wait at the most 6 and 1/2 minutes for the next one. Now, more likely the Montreal is somewhere already on its way back from from downtown Disney. It's already on its way back and you're going to have to wait 3 or 4 minutes for that Montreal to come back. But at most 6 and 1/2 minutes, and then you're going to get a wonderful, beautiful trip. One of the best perspectives of Disneyland you can get. uh any time of day you get to see Disneyland from a different perspective. You get to see it in a way that that uh most guests aren't going to get to see. And if you're lucky, you can even ride in the nose of the Montreal, which is even better. Hello everyone. Welcome aboard the Disneyland. And we are now beginning a 2 and 1/2 mile journey to Downtown Disney Station and back. For a safe trip, remain seated, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the cabinets. Be sure to wash your children and no smoking. We're now passing Grizzly Peak, land of scenic wonders, where you can experience the beauty and exhilaration of free flight. We are now arriving at Downtown Disney Station. gateway to the Downtown Disney District and the Disneyland Resort Hotel. You may reboard the Montreal for a return trip to Tomorrowland up until 1 half hour prior to Disneyland closing. Please remain seated until the water rail comes to a complete stop and the doors have opened slow and Disney California Adventure to the Water Rail is the main entrance of Disneyland, the happiest place on earth. Disneyland is truly an American original. Since its opening in 1951, it has hosted hundreds of millions of guests from around the world, including president. This is Tomorrowland, a land inspired by science festing underwater adventure aboard the Finding Neo submarine voyage. Across the way are the icy peaks of Matterhorn Mountain, home of the world's most famous bobsled run. >> We are now about 2 minutes away from Tomorrowland Station. Please remember to remain seated at all times. >> We're now approaching the Tomorrowland Motoral Station, our final destination. Please remain seated until the water comes to a complete stop. You'll eventually and memorable visit here at Disneyland. This is the Tomorrowland Motoral Station. 1:49 in the afternoon now and I am still not getting in this Matah Horn queue. No sir, I I've seen I've seen worse. This isn't the worst possible scenario you can find here at the Matter Horn, but it's not great either. That's still an easy 30 minutes, I would bet. Uh, no, we're still not doing that. We're still looking for discounts and easy walk-ons. And yeah, I think we're going to find one here at It's a Small World in Fantasy Land. That says 5 minutes right there. Let's get a clock going and find out how true that is. I do see some switchbacks back there. This is 5 minutes or 10. One thing we can say for sure is that this queue is not going to be a problem. I have absolutely no stress at all being in here. Uh it's nice and shady. It's calm. And that's another thing. I didn't even get to that earlier, but uh a lot of the cues we're getting into are easy in that sense as well. This stretch noon to 3, the sun is at its highest. And the last thing you want to be doing is just sitting in cues 45 minutes to an hour just sitting there cooking. And I've done that before. Uh so what whether or not the the queue that we're getting into is shady, the reality is that we've only been in it for just a few minutes anyway. So we're not exposed to those super high temperatures uh especially during late spring and in the summer. Welcome to the Small World. Please see your parents inside. And please watch your children. >> And I did forget to stop start my clock, but 7 minutes later >> and that's our boat. feet and legs inside and please watch your children. Thank you. that you can see here. Welcome to It's a Small World. For your safety, please remain seated throughout your voyage, keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And please watch your children. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. 2:22 in the afternoon and heading for our last stop of the afternoon. a ride that is the the very definition of getting a really good value in the middle of a day. Especially when we're talking about How's it going? Hey guys. Uh especially when we're talking about attraction, popular attractions, perhaps the most popular attraction in the history of Disneyland. And if you were watching the rope drop video that I did with Liz and Sophia, we were trying to figure out what rope dropping is like with the family and we were kind of stuck on an attraction at about 9:30 in the morning and Liz said, "Well, what about pirates?" And I said, "You don't rope drop pirates. You don't rope drop pirates because you save that for the middle of the day right now. We're not going to get into a 70minute Indiana Jones queue still with a fairly robust Lightning lane action going on there and a jam-packed standby queue all waiting for those lightning lane guests. Instead, we're going to get into this Pirates of the Creamy queue. Now, this is going to be the the queue of cues that we've seen all afternoon and that's why we're doing this last. But really, there's no there's no no to pirates, especially since they took this thing off Lightning Lane. It is like butter. Uh even though the queue right now, there's two or three switchbacks. I think we're on the bridge for a little bit. It's going to be super super fast. You know what? I forgot again. We'll get a clock started. It's posted at 25 minutes. I'm calling maybe 17. See this? Like it's like this always. We just you just keep walking along. There's hardly any It's grown actually. That's the back of the queue since we got in this one. But I never feel stressed out in the pirates queue. I never feel like, "Oh my gosh, are we stuck? What's happening? Are we getting overrun? Is it getting too busy?" It doesn't really matter. No matter what the condition of the rest of the park is, no matter where you see the Pirates of the Caribbean queue, I'm never afraid. Even if it's out there, it's still going to be a better trip than any other queue you get into. you know, any other e ticket that you might get into during the day. And again, right now it is 2:35 in the afternoon. And we're going to briskly make our way through this queue. Let's go ahead, by the way, and sum up our our experience so far. This is our sixth attraction. I wasn't sure if we're going to be able to do five, but we wound up doing six. Those five attractions took a total of, let's see, zero for Mark Twain, four for Casey Jr., six for the Mad Tea Party. That's 10. We're going to give a theoretical six minutes for the Montreal. That's 16. Seven for small world. Uh that's 23 minutes. Five attractions in 23 minutes at an average of 4 minutes and what's 2/3 uh 20 40 seconds. 4 minutes and 40 seconds per attraction at peak Disneyland time. Go left because that is the direction that we're going. That's the That's a now preferred direction, left side. So that's 23 minutes, 4 minutes, and 40 seconds on average per attraction at peak Disneyland time. Noon to 3. The highest capacity point in the park in my opinion, plus whatever we spend here in uh Pirates, which I'm going to assume about 17 minutes, which again is going to be the queue of queues that we've gotten into. But we've hit everything else, you know, the everything else. It's like the total mid-after afternoon stress-free walk-on type attraction. This is what we have left. By the way, into the proper queue section and just a few seconds over 5 minutes. >> 10 and a half minutes so far to the door. And I can confirm, by the way, again, that we have left the right side in the dust. They have still not yet made it up the ramp. So they still have to go up this one and back down again. Whereas we are about to enter the interior queue. We're actually a little bit ahead of schedule. 13 almost 14 minutes to our boat. Christmas. I see the day secret adventures. A heat. Yes, I'm pretty sure the exact Run out of your way. The time begins arrive anchor now you swallies. What may I offer for these hearty heads? Everyone in egg. You want Captain Jack Sparrow? You'll never find the treasure without a look at this map and this lovely key to the treasure. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We will go away too fast. And with our sixth attraction in 3 hours complete, what we are going to do next is celebrate. At Tropical Hideway, I took the liberty of mobile ordering a doe whip float to skip this line. Another thing that we have done to escape the cues today. >> What we are going to do is be really happy that we had ourselves a hell of an afternoon here uh at Disneyland during peak peak times and we're getting to cap it off. in one of the most Disney ways possible. >> Outstanding. Six rides in 3 hours, which is not incredible. We could have easily We could have actually easily done a lot more. Not about a lot, but we could have gotten in probably another attraction or two at least. But I wasn't pressed at all. I was kind of taking my time, being very casual, as as the video suggests, being very casual. If we had pressed a little bit, we could have fit in a Disneyland Railroad trip at least from Toontown to uh New Orleans Square before we headed over here for Pirates, maybe one or two dark rides or something like that. But six rides in 3 hours, a total, and this includes pirates, a total of 37 minutes in the queues. We spent 37 minutes in the queues for 3 hours doing six rides. That's an average. Um, no in 30 I was doing no 36 minutes. An average of 6 minutes and 10 seconds per ride. And at no point was I stressed or worried or thinking about how long it was going to take. Whatever. It was fine. You don't have to get into those big time tickets. They're going to be there all day. the Matah Horn, Indiana Jones, Space Mountain, Ry, whatever, Big Thunder, all those attractions are going to be there for you after 3:00, before noon, they're going to be there for you. Take a minute, take part of your day. If you're going to do those rides anyway, if you're going to be here all day, if you're going to do those rides anyway, do them at the highest peak time possible, middle of the day. save your e tickets for the slower times of the day, the mornings and the evenings or during parades or something like that. And we have conversations, by the way. We have videos to cover that kind of conversation. We have rope drop videos. We have stacking videos. If you're using Lightning Lane, it still works. What we're doing now still works. Although it's the opposite. You're doing what we're doing now in the morning and you're riding your stacked lightning lanes right now. but it still plays. We've got the stacking video. We've got closing the park videos and those kind of strategies. I even did one during the uh the parade effect uh recently where what happens to the Matter Horn queue before, during, and after um or paint the night. We're going to take this now on the road and end this wonderful show. Now, we're heading out for this day, but if you're staying here, >> get back into Fantas Land, you guys. That's where you want to be right now. Get into Fantas. Autotopia is a discount right now. Star Tours is a discount. Get on rides that are still not Lightning Lane and Astro Orbiter and Dumbo, etc., etc. For me, I'm pretty happy with how things went here between 12 and 3. Six rides in those 3 hours, 36 minutes in the queue. That's a heck of an afternoon. Thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Cheers. Fresh bait.
