---
video_id: HqvTzh_Q08M
channel: FreshBaked
title: "We eat ALL THE FOOD and drinks | 2026 Food and Wine Festival"
published: 2026-03-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqvTzh_Q08M
---
Come on. What do you think? What do you think? >> Oh my god. >> Y >> that tastes LIKE A SNICKERS MACARON. >> WA. >> The best three things we had tonight all are at Peppa's Caliente. >> That's a very good cider though. >> Okay, good. You're keeping up. Good. Good. >> Good job, Miguel. >> Food and Wine Festival 2026. One of our favorite times of the year. >> 100%. >> The challenge that we have chosen to accept. Our third challenge this year. We're going to eat everything. everything that's available in the festival or the marketplace kiosk. We're gonna eat every single thing and I'm probably gonna drink >> most of it. Actually, what the what's the deal? She's the food, I'm the wine. That's that's the arrangement today. Let's get started. Fresh bake food and wine food and wine festival 2026. Let's go. Let's go. Golden Dreams, that's ahead of us. LA style. But let's get we're going to go back to front again just like we did for Luna New Year. We're going to kind of make our way to the back of the park and set the stage for what is going to be a monumental effort, a monumental video. Our favorite kind of video to do these. Look how busy it is right here, you guys. The people are here. It was dead this morning, but they have shown up. Everybody's brought their their stomachs and their wallets. We're going to fill it up and lose it all today. Eating our way around DCA and Food and Wine Festival. What's uh what are you looking forward to? >> Well, I still looking forward to the cherry like Coke cold brew. >> Oh, yeah. The cold brew. Yeah. >> So, I do love cherry Coke, but I'm curious like with a coffee like undertone to it might be. >> Yeah. That sounds weird. That sounds really weird, I must say. >> Unless it tastes like cherry medicine, then that's even bad. Yeah. And that ramen mac and cheese looks really, >> you know, we were just talking to our friends Miguel and Janelle and they had it. They were they were just about to enjoy it. >> Yeah. Like obviously like in pictures it looks like amazing, but like in real life you're like, "Oh, >> by the way, I ninjaed a shot of them of them filming their their thumbnail." >> Yeah. They're so cute. I love them so much. >> They are the best. I love Miguel and Janelle. >> I'm looking forward to uh having Miguel and Janelle join us. Uh I I I made Miguel promise us to save the beer flight if there is one. I know there's a mimosa flight. >> There's a Paloma >> and a Paloma flight, which if it comes to that, I'll do a Paloma flight. >> I mean, I'm not The blood orange one sounds quite >> dude. Blood orange. Anything here is always good. >> All right, let's keep looking. It's very busy. Uh, Garlic Kissed. >> Uh, I feel like I feel like Oh my gosh, there's no queue here. Uh, I feel like it's it is the same booths, I think, this year than there were last year. The same amount of boosts, eight boosts total, the same exact eight boosts. uh which is down from 10 or 10 boosts back in 2024, but we didn't lose any boosts like we did for Lunar New Year this year. Oh, by the way, there's a little show happening here later. If we're lucky, we'll catch a little Tina, one of our favorite acts every year at Food and Wine Festival, but none of that. Hungry. We need to get eating. There it is. We found it. We found our destination. Cluck Doodle Moo. We're going to be giving the acados a second try. All right, finally. It's taken us 45 minutes to get here. >> But we're into our first dish of the day at what we cluckoodle moo. >> Yeah, >> we're trying to get acados. I asked this looks super good in the foodie guide. I'm like the picture is amazing. It looks like it was so delicious looking. And there's somebody there's somebody coming up on my right. What's going on here? >> It does look super good. I appreciate you for getting this. >> Wow. I guess the first the first bite is on Don. >> What you doing here, man? >> How's it going? How's how's the festival going so far? >> We're just getting started. We're about ready to try the awesome dose. Have you tried anything yet? >> I've heard mixed reviews. >> Have you from you? >> From you? Yeah, actually. >> We're We're pretending like Don Don just rolled up on us. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I've been behind the scenes pulling strings this entire time. This is all my idea. Tell me what this is. What are we looking at? >> Uh well, I was just about to do that actually. Hold on. This Don is the acidos, which is grilled skirt steak and chipotle chicken with Spanish rice and salsa verde >> and one long green onion right there on the top. They don't mention the long green onion. >> I think they should. I think that's the star of the dish. >> Well, uh, we tried this last year, but we did it last. That's why I want to do it first. One thing is that, uh, we were full >> probably, but, uh, we did not enjoy it very much, if I recall. >> Yeah, it was chewy is what I remember. >> Everything deserves its fair share. I'm curious. >> This does look chewy. >> That looks like it's been sitting out. >> This way beef just perfectly. I mean, >> like it right the conveyor belt. It looks great. >> This looks like they cooked it twice. Okay. So, we're going to try the chicken first, which has been resting in this salsa verde. >> Yeah, that looks beautiful. >> Which that's going to hopefully uh that's going to hopefully moisten up the uh What's going on? >> Here we go. Cheers, Fresh Bake. >> Tell what? >> Come on. What do you think? What do you think? >> I have to chew. I have to chew. >> Has it improved? >> We're d We're dying to know. who are dying to know >> the chicken is okay. >> It's chicken. >> It's like it's one of those, you know. Okay. >> Like >> you can't really make chicken amazing. >> Okay. >> But you can make it bad. So, it's not bad. At least >> the salsa verde. >> It looks really good. >> Is actually It's a little spicy, but it's quite good. >> Okay. I'm I'm probably going to pass on. >> I'm going to try guess the beef square. >> I'm going to try the beef square. >> Is it at least in the tortilla or just going to eat it like that? >> I mean, I don't know if that's going to help. >> Is it make it a little How does that look? >> A little drier than it already. >> How does that look? >> Does it look yummy? >> No, you can tip it in the in the salsa verde. >> I will also mention >> that it's not hot. >> Well, we have doing good. >> Well, that's true. It did take us a minute or two to set this up. >> Like 20 >> as you've been noticing, by the way, over here in the memberships. Uh it did we they've been watching this for a while already. >> Uh by the way, there's a whole behind the scenes thing that we're working on today for memberships. uh , etc. So, if this has had a chance to cool off, I'm going to just try it without the >> That's a good plug. >> Oh my god, he can't even take >> a lot to Okay. >> No. >> Oh, w >> chewy, crispy, square. I think that we can I think we can all agree at least that it's square. >> I think you sold yourself short. >> You sold yourself short on your ability to do food videos. That was pretty good. I'm just naming things that I'm seeing here. Bone, uh, rice, long green onion. >> So good. >> Yeah. 10 out of 10. >> 10 out of 10. >> We're off to a hot start. Our first dish. I can't even get through the first dish. I'm going to try with a little bit of that salsa verity on there. >> Okay. >> And the tortilla per my wife's request. >> Better. >> But this is still cold and chewy. >> No, thank you. Okay. So, now we're getting to the point now. We got to bring in the utensils. So, >> they frown upon you eating rice with your fingers. >> Ready? >> Yep. >> They do. I will not. >> Decent flavor, but it's a little cold. Also, >> that's kind of, you know, negating things. God damn, that green, that salsa ver is kicking my ass right now. >> Um, rice isn't bad. >> You should try the rice at least. >> I'm good. I'm gonna save my appetite for other things. I thought I was the wine and you were the food. >> Well, do both to me right now. >> I'll try a little bit of the drink. >> Speaking of. >> So, we got Okay. Rice, be squared, chicken that exists, and no one has mentioned the green onion besides me. I feel like I'm the one. >> I mean, what do you want to talk about? >> Let's see. Let's Let's take a look at this. >> Look at that. >> Wow. >> It looks actually really tasty. You want to eat it? >> I think if it were warm >> Oh, it's warm. It's cold, >> right? I think if it were warm, maybe it would provide. >> Yes. Okay, so now this is the part of the food review we've been looking forward to. Green onion >> thoughts. >> Tastes like green onion. >> That's a 10 out of 10. >> I mean, what are you What are you going to do? >> What are you How can you How can you improve what is already perfect? You can't. >> Unless it was a little warmer, I guess, but >> it was a little >> Well, okay. Anyway, let me come back over the main part of the dish. As she mentioned, the Palom No, that was the hot honey, white sangria, sonon blanc. This is wine. >> I wasn't ready. Hot honey syrup, >> grapefruit juice, uh, and sweet and sour garnished with sliced jalapenos. May I just say, I'm not a fan of cucumber in any of my alcoholic drinks. I think they overplay the cucumber thing, but they can put jalapeno in my drinks anytime they want. Anytime they want, they can put a jalapeno in my drink. Cheers. I wasn't prepared to like that. >> Oh, >> but that's kind of delicious. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. It's uh >> I'll frame Don, can you pass me the straw that's in the tray? >> Oh, here. Let's switch. >> Hey, out of frame down. You can take my trash. >> Thanks. Out of frame Don. >> Out of frame. >> That's That was my inframe wife giving stage direction to out of frame Don. >> And we're not even drunk yet. I think this is >> it is maybe it is quite warm out. >> Oh no, that's good. >> You like that? >> The jalapeno is >> I know, right? That adds a nice little kick. I don't know what to I don't know how to describe things to say. But it just whatever it is, it adds I like the I like the way it it it uh blends with the the honey and the and the sangria. >> Yeah, the honey and the jalapeno is really really nice. >> That's a delicious drink >> without dying. I hear her calling. Fresh baked. >> Tina is calling. eyes. Take your baby. Put your hands up. Food, wine. They should rename this whole place food and wine. And Tina, she's awesome. Love these guys. All right. Uh our next destination is right here at California where they've got a a mimosa flight, which is bad news for me because you know the rule. Uh, we can't get another drink until I finish this one. So, I'm going to do this and then get a mimosa flight. Let's go. Well, since you didn't eat anything from from uh Pluck Doo, you're at Uncourt, California for for what, Liz? What are we having here? >> Snickers Mickey shaped Snickers macaroon. >> Can you describe the macaron? >> Uh Snickers. >> The end. >> It's literally the same one we get every single year. I mean, it does look delicious, of course. >> It's pretty tasty. Yeah, I'm not going to lie. So, I'm very excited to take a bite of the year right now. Is that a thumbs up? >> It's good. Is that So, it's just basically Snickers all up in there. >> I don't know why because it's been a really long time. >> It's like creamier. >> Yeah. >> Mhm. Now, that is one of my favorite chocolate things. I don't know how they do it every year, but it it feels so so good. I Okay, that's that's fine. That's That's fine. It's not about me anymore. This is the part of the show where I I graduate from slightly buzzed to nearly drunk. I think we're getting into the flight here. I'm going to have uh my co-sipper Don of course from Offhand Disney. You guys know Don from Offhand Disney, right? I hope they do. All All things Haunted Mansion and everything else. Haunted Mansion. Mostly the people mover. But >> what I'm really interested in right now is this neon blue mimosa. Usually a mimosa is what? Champagne and orange juice. >> Yes. >> This is not. It's It's blue raspberry pineapple mimosa. >> Sounds more like a blue like a blue Hawaiian mimosa. >> Now I I Okay, so do me a favor. You try that first because these things don't usually last very long in front of me. >> Oh no. I mean, look. How could you say no to that? That is That is like is reminiscent of the the bay behind us. It looks >> your shirt so well right like it was meant to be. >> We're getting notes of blue raspberry. >> It's like candy. >> Notes of blue raspberry. >> It's like candy. >> It's called It's called a blue raspberry pineapple. >> Notes of Hold on. I'm getting notes of sparkling wine, blue raspberry syrup, and pineapple juice. Is it a bit nutty? >> Are you picking that up? >> No, I don't know. Oh, I haven't had it yet. >> May rain >> earth tones. >> I want I want to contrast that >> the way that uh uh my friend over here, Don, is is to the way that >> By the way, you only get one sip. So, let me get >> I'm trying to savor the palette. Let's see. >> Holy. That's pretty good. >> I I think I had a note of blue raspberry, >> right? It's like they dissolved a blue Jolly Rancher in some champagne is what it tastes like. >> Blue Jolly Ranchers are liars. >> I do think they're they're the best flavors. Objectively the best flavor. >> This is the strawberry punch mimosa. Sparkling wine, strawberry puree, and simply fruit punch. Okay, so I'll be the somalier here. Hints of strawberry. Very cute. >> Ooh, it's like um it's like a like a like a strawberry jam. >> Oh, I like jam flavor. Yeah, >> I like jam. >> Strawberry jam. Okay. >> And now down it. Go go go go go go. Wow. >> Wow. This isn't even a challenge. They need to give us more so I can like >> Well, maybe we'll go over and do this little plate. >> That's not even difficult. >> Now, this one I'm excited for. Epcot people, if you know, >> Melon Frosty Fanta, this has that melon flavor in it. >> Oh, does it's the same. One of my favorite flavors. >> Uh, it's the mango melon sparkling wine mango puree and rock melon syrup. >> Oh, I'm You're going to have to This one's going to be so >> If you want to go for it, go for it. Knock it back if you want. >> CHUG CHUG. YES. DO A TALENT. >> Getting notes of melon. >> Oh my god. You got the talent. >> Oh. >> Oh. Okay. >> Well, sorry. >> It's gone. >> I know. That's what I told him. Go for it. >> The others. That was a strawberry jam. You know, a blue Jolly Rancher. That one is very much its own thing. It was sort of almost bitter. >> Not too sweet like the other ones. >> Ooh, >> we have to get another one. >> Tasted nothing like the melon frosty Fanta. >> Can you just get that by itself? >> You can. Yes. You don't have to get the flight. You can buy the whole one by itself. >> Let's just get that one. But I'm not going to do that. >> Okay. >> Uh oh, shoot. I was just going to say, normally this is the point when we do the thing, but we can't do the thing. We can't fit three of us in a in a mater's vehicle. >> No, we cannot. No, >> I think we should try. >> I can film. So, here's what's going to happen. You guys are going to get in your mater. I'm going to get in my own. I'll film myself silent the whole time. You guys are going to have the doing the butt scooch or whatever it is you call there. And then we can hard cut to me, >> silent in my track, staring daggers at YouTube, jealous of the wonderful time you're having. >> It's happening. Okay, let's >> It's happening. That's good. Wait, wait, wait, wait, >> wait. >> The most important thing. >> Who can forget? >> You know, it's funny you said that because you remind me of Tom Kenny. So, uh, when now you just did a Spongebob part. >> Spongebob. Yeah. >> Okay. The, uh, what? Uh, Snickers. >> Macaron. >> Very important. It's so good. But you don't really care. >> Oh, you know what? >> He's going to be so sorry. >> Oh my god. >> Y >> that tastes LIKE A SNICKERS MACARON. >> WHOA. >> So it sounds like It sounds like they succeeded in making a Snickers macaron. >> We had It tastes like quote. I feel good. >> We've only been able to do two of the marketplace kiosk so far, Elizabeth. >> Oh my god. >> We need to do more. There's a whole book. Have you guys seen the book that they have? It's not a map. So, I have to time to like Okay, so one OF THE THINGS THAT I NEED TO get into is the ramen mac and cheese. You guys see that? They made a combined infusion. This fusion of ramen and mac and cheese. WHAT ARE THEY DOING? What is the craziness? >> There's Rob. Okay, here's another picture of a rock. There's a cobbler. Oo, LOOK AT ALL THOSE. >> DO YOU SEE THE DRINKS? >> YEAH, we got to get into some of that. I got I got to Oh, you remember that one time we got the taki habanero chicken? >> That's got to be delicious. >> WAIT, DIDN'T WE ALREADY do that? No. >> Dear Coug, what is the sloier back in jail like? I DON'T KNOW, BUT I WANT TO FIND OUT. >> Carbonara pizza. They put bacon. >> They put bacon on the pizza. WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT? WHY WOULD YOU PUT BACON on the pizza? I don't think they put They put nachos. They put nachos in the cup. >> I asked my friend Don. He said that's like Wait, you just turned it around. >> I know. I'm talking. He said that's like putting soup on a >> He said that's like putting soup on a plate. Don said that. That's right there. >> There's Alan. >> You want some soup on a plate? >> Grab all your gum. >> He's upset. >> Should we get soup on a plate or >> I need soup on a plate or I'm going to lose it. >> Or nachos in a cup? >> Nachos in a cup. Soup in a plate. Or cereal. Get yelled at. >> Cereal with a fork. >> Cereal with a fork. Okay, so this is at Golden Dreams. Some musubi fried rice brought to you by Disney Vacation Club. >> Why? Since when are they sponsoring food and wine dishes? >> It's because Alani resort inspired steamed rice with egg lace spiced ham, umami mayo, and kake. >> So, as someone who is technically DVC, I do have to oversee you consuming this dish. It's just regulations thing. >> Oh, your DVC. Yeah, that we're sponsoring the booth, so >> Okay. All right. Got it. So, he's got to make sure you're following all the uh standards and practices. >> See how it goes. >> I remember they had they had this last year. >> I remember liking it last year, but I'm not going to lie, the rice does not look as sticky as it did last year. >> No. >> It's kind of like that Ben's rice again. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. Oh, I'm kind of sad. All right. >> Well, you haven't even tried it yet. Get in there. I'm sure get a good bite. I don't really I don't really see the egg as well. Do you see that face? That's not a happy face. >> No, at all. It looks like it's mostly rice, I have to say. It's so good. Not sure. I'm so sad. The only good thing is the spicy the umami mayo, I'm assuming. >> Oh, yeah. >> It has a really nice kick to it. But the rice is >> It's just okay. >> No egg. It's It's mostly rice, it seems like. >> BBC representative here again. So, I I'm hearing the rice is okay. So, that that's good. So, I guess we can move on to the next dish. >> Okay. Is good. >> Yeah. As long as >> he wants to move past the massi rice. >> Scale from six. On a scale from 9 to 10, what would you rate this dish? >> Nine. >> Okay. That's a nine out of 10. >> Wow. >> What is What is this? What What is this Don scene that's going on here? I'm enjoying this so much. Can you come back food and wine next year? >> Every year if you need me, just call me up. And >> you know, by the way, >> put my time in my hand. I'm there. >> Uh, Dallas put this in frame. So, we have to now do this. >> You say Dallas? >> No, Don. >> That's That's in Texas. I'm a >> This is This is the tiki spritz. Don, see, we're here at Golden Dreams specifically because Don said he wanted to try this before he got on a plane uh back to Colorado. So, tiki spritz. That's a dark rum. Italian. Italian. Alpertif. >> I'm learning so many things tonight. Yeah. Uh, pineapple juice, guava nectar. There's so many things. Guava syrup, sweet and sour again, topped with Sprite. They're always Why are they always playing Sprite in >> They need They need the They need the bubbles apparently. The bubbles are very, very important. >> Uh, so bubbles for the Sprite. And then, uh, garnished with obviously a pineapple wedge. >> Little pineapple. >> Uh, there's There's the pineapple wedge featured. >> Uh, Don, cheers. Cheers. >> All right. Tiki spritz. >> Tiki spritz down the hatch. Now, you said this is like a mai, right? >> It's very, very similar to a mai without the almond. People will comment down below. There's usually almond extract in a mai, but it tastes very similar. And that's my favorite drink. So, I'm going to >> I have to say, you go that this would be better if it was a margarita. >> I have to say I couldn't disagree more. This is the best thing I've had today. Yeah, the the face. The face that Liz just made. >> On a scale from 9 to 10, Liz, how would you rate this drink? >> Does it There's no eight on that for her. >> I think Liz needs an eight. >> That's a solid nine again. We just can't stop. >> Let me see if I Wait, I'm going to see if I can't recreate the Liz face. >> Okay, let's see it. >> Not good. >> It did not taste good. >> That was the Liz face. >> That was not good. >> I could be sipping on this all night. This is amazing. is >> uh I have to agree with Liz on this. I am not I'm not enjoying this right now. >> I'm a tiki boy through and through and this is right up my alley. >> I like my ties. I like tiki drinks, but this isn't working for me. >> Very strong. It's very bitter. >> It is strong. And I'm going to I'm probably going to get back cuz Mater's sober me up as you can probably imagine. So, I have to start all over. >> Yeah, we have to hit at least three more booths. >> I We got Where's Miguel? >> I need him to drink a beer flight or a Paloma flight with me. That's what I need. Have you seen Miguel? >> Text Miguel. >> I will. Miguel is here. They are here. >> So good. >> I'm gonna try this. >> Okay. Here we go. This is the >> Yeah, DBC representative, right? >> All right. >> Make sure everything's up to >> Are there Are there standards for the rice at DVC? >> Oh, there's very high standards. Okay. >> It has to be at least a 9 out of 10 for us to be able to serve the rice. >> I don't know why she's tripping. That's pretty good. N out of 10. I mean, if there's only Well, I guess so. >> At a scale from nine to 9.9. >> Oh, so I get now that's actually a 10 scale. >> Yeah, if you think about it. >> Uh, a 98. >> 98. Okay. >> Yeah, I'll give it 98. >> You like it? Okay. >> Oh, that's pretty good. This is really good. This >> the the actual like the msubi. >> Yeah. Yeah, that was good. >> That's delicious. >> Yeah. >> The rice is a little is a little average. >> Yeah, >> but it's still good. I like the egg and whatever. You said that mayo thing. >> Yeah, the mayo. Yeah, the ferryy coffee thing or >> I mean that ain't bad. >> 9.8. >> No, said it himself. >> Oh, wait. What is it, Liz? >> Oh, it's a cherry. >> Hold on. >> David, >> you got to tell them what it is, Liz. >> I don't know. >> I got it. I got it. >> This is the cherry cobbler pot. You have to say creme. >> Pat. >> Yeah. Uh, that's vanilla custard, cherry filling, and oat crumble. I remember liking this last year. Oo, >> she's enjoying it. >> She's dancing. >> Is that delicious? >> I have converted her. Uh, my wife never liked cherry pie before. >> Well, I mean, this is an officially sanctioned DVC cherry pie. >> Is this DVC also? >> I mean, I guess maybe only the Msubi would be DVC, but I mean by extension. >> Oh, >> we will claim it, >> right? It's it's it's DVC adjacent. >> We will if it's good. Is it good? >> We'll claim it. I like that. All right. Hi guys. How are you? >> Uh but anyway, yeah. So it she's become a fan of things with cherry glaze on there >> and that's got it. That's a lot of crumble on there, though. >> That's an awful lot of crumble. You got to get that. >> Oh, it's so good. >> At the bottom is where the >> fork or try. >> Yeah, we don't have to eat all this. Hold on. Let me just get a bite at least. >> It's so good. It's so It's so It's like a perfect dessert. There was a way they could like make ice cream that would have melt or something like that. It would be like like something like frozen almost. I don't know. >> I mean >> like the freeze candy. >> You want an alamone? >> Yeah. >> Well, a little ice cream would be >> Yeah. Perfection. They do the freeze candies. If there was a way they did with like ice cream. >> Um I mean I It's easy to to impress me on this kind of thing, but uh this is really this is delicious. Here you go. >> Cherry. There you go. >> Are you French? >> That one's German, right? >> Yeah. But for this Canadian. But for this cherry pie. >> German. Canadian. >> Left-handed, too. I never left. >> I'm just being torn apart over here. Even by the fresh bakes. All right. >> You can't go wrong with cherry pie. >> No, not at all. >> Can't go wrong with cherry pie. >> So good. >> That custard at the bottom is a very close second like substitute. >> Yeah. >> What an ice cream. >> It's very breezy. >> Yeah, me that's why. But like, man, if it just had a little ice cream on top. >> Oh, wait. I got I got to bring the mic closer to him. I forgot. We're miked up right now. >> A little bit of ice cream would go a long way with this, but that custard on the bottom is very close. A very close second to that. >> Can't go wrong with cherry pie. It's amazing. It's >> delicious. Five out of five. >> Right next door to Golden Dreams is LA Style. That That's >> They short LA style should be in the Hollywood backlot, but they they have moved it. Don, can you believe that they moved? Let me tell you about LA style for a second. Can I talk Can I vent about LA style for a second? >> I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew you were going to do it. I knew you would just lean right into that. I set him up and he leaned right into it. I love it. >> They've shorted us some booths is the is the thing. We used to have 10 booths. Now we have eight and LA style used to be in the back lot, but now they moved it out here because they don't put anything in the back lot. >> I've got my Epcot magic band on right now, which should tell you that this >> He's just like, "What are you talking about?" Food and Wine at Epcot is a completely different show compared to Food and Wine at California Adventure. You guys are scrappy. You guys pull it together. You throw the booths in. You get three new food items every year. Maybe if you're lucky. This is great. >> Wait, how's it What's What is it like at Epcot? >> Epcot every year. New booths with new food, new stands. Maybe we'll bring in Gordon Ramsay to show up at the at the at the the pavilion. >> Yeah. Meanwhile, at DCA >> and you get we had uh I remember last food and I went to they had flock of seagulls. >> Flock of seagulls. Boys to men. >> DVO. >> DVO. >> What? >> Sometimes the Backstreet Boys will show up. >> Well, at least Joey. >> Bowling for soup. >> Bowling for soup. >> Bowling for soup. Bowling for soup. >> Wait. On a plate or in a cup? >> On a plate with a fork. >> Soup on a plate with a fork. >> They're bowling to earn soup. Not on behalf of soup. >> Don is becoming one of my favorite humans of all time. I love that one. Okay. Uh we're going to try some food again. >> Okay. >> Uh right next door. >> You get the hot dog. >> Well, you're going to try some, too. This is Okay. So, LA style is where uh the newis bacon lives. This year, we're getting the junior LA street dog, which is actually not new. This was here last year. This is uh the junior LA street dog is jalapeno mayo, pepper, and onion relish, and Nuski's applewood smoked bacon. Now, Nuski's bacon is well known throughout the uh the lore of food and wine. It's a very chunky, salty bacon. I love it. It's a little chewy, though. Now, look at that. My wife is still laughing. Do you see the mayo? >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> I'm sorry. >> It's a little cold still. >> Oh, dear. >> Yeah. Here we go. small hot dog, bacon, etc. I got mostly cold hot dog on that. >> Oh no. >> And mostly mayo. Mayo and cold hot dog. >> Oh no. >> I think in Disney's defense, we have to mention it's not served cold. We're very slow when it comes to eating our food. >> We got this 30 minutes ago. >> In Disney's favorite. Yeah. >> No, I'm kidding. We did not. But it's been a minute. It's only Okay. It's only okay because the hot dog, you get something very creative like this with the Nuski's bacon and the mayo and the little pepper things or whatever that's going on there and then you get this very dominant hot dog. >> I remember we liked it last year though. >> Did we? >> Yeah, we did. >> At least three fifths of the meal. >> Yeah, exactly. >> The hot dog to other cool things ratio is way too high >> in my opinion. >> Here, you try me. >> Oh, you know? Yeah, Liz. Yeah. >> No, I want to try this. >> Get into this weird looking thing. spherical. >> It's the This is one of the four new dishes this year. >> The carbonara pizza, applewood smoke. It's the Nookki's bacon again >> with a black pepper drizzle and I and and then and then whatever else you want to cons I I don't know what's happening here. >> I really scared y'all. >> It looks like something that you would get in a frozen >> 100%. >> Hey, cheers. >> Is it good? Really? >> It's not bad. >> Really? >> I just wish it was warm. Yeah, it's a little cold, I'm sure. >> What's the drizzle on top? >> Um, >> black pepper drizzle. >> That's delicious. >> I think that's what's making it. >> Now, this is not sponsored by DVC, so you need to get that. Get out of my frame, Don. >> You can give it a 1 out of 10. Speak your Speak your actual mind on this. No limits. >> I'm choking my food, you swallow. Hold on. >> On a scale from one to two, How would you rate it? >> We've lost Liz. >> You just swallow my boot. >> It's really good. >> Really? >> No. >> I don't believe you. >> I don't believe you. >> I don't. >> That's our third Anchorman reference for the day, by the way. >> I don't believe you. >> I don't believe you. >> Oh my god. My hurt. It's >> actually Oh, that it's good. The black pepper drizzle is what makes it >> So, you like the black pepper drizzle? >> I have to say that whatever it is that it's sitting on does not look at all appetizing. >> It seemed to coagulate just a bit. What from whatever it was before, >> they're calling this a pizza, >> but she is not wrong. >> No, >> that's kind of delicious. >> Yeah, if it was warm. >> My god. If the pizza stuff was a little more like crusty, had like salt flake to it. Amazing. >> If this were hot, we would be losing our [ __ ] right now. >> That black pepper drizzle is delicious. >> That's pretty good. >> Yeah. >> Uh Don, would you like to try the other side of the hot dog? So that David did not buy. >> So I will go out and say >> bacon on things is not my favorite thing. >> You throw bacon on a on a milkshake. Come on. You throw bacon on >> Wait. Uh on >> I would eat or drink a milkshake bacon. >> He does. He does. I would throw bacon on a a PB&amp;J sandwich. What are we doing? >> Yes. No. You're doing great things. You're doing great things. >> Throw bacon on a hot dog. >> I forgot. I'm like up. We got to be next to each other. >> A little. You throw bacon on a hot dog. >> Fine. It's meat with meat. >> Let me try this and I will be the judge. >> I like bacon on. >> Pardon me. >> Wait. I got a me. >> Fortunately, I can report I do agree with our generous toast here, David. The hot dog does take up a lot of the flavor. >> It's too much hot dog, man. >> Hot dog. >> But I will say not sure what this relish is in here. A little spicy. >> It is. >> I don't I don't hate it. I don't like I don't hate the little bit it adds in there. >> I took a picture, Bell. >> It really goes a long way. That spice with the hot dog is really good. >> Uh, >> the bacon, >> it's a pepper and onion relish. >> The bacon, >> no jalapeno mayo. I'm sorry. >> The jalapeno mayo is great. >> There you go. >> The bacon, I must say. >> Nisi Nuski, whoever you are, I'm going to find you. Stop putting your bacon on stuff. I don't know if it's necessary. Ni, >> you've never been to a food and wine festival. They're synonymous. food, wine, Tina, >> and Nuski's bacon. >> We did see Nuski. >> We saw Tina. We didn't see Nuski. I'm sure he's around here somewhere. >> Mr. Nuski, >> on a scale from 1 to two, I'm giving it a 1.7. >> Okay. >> Which means seven. >> Well, I mean, it it means 1.7, but if you want to trivialize it, >> I do. It could mean It could mean >> I would very much like to trivialize it. >> Okay, let's trivialize it. We'll put it down as a seven. >> I'm going to try >> Oh, wait. We got to >> We got one more thing. >> Okay, so this is the This is one of the other four new things. >> This is the one I was really excited for. The cherry cola cold brew. I think >> it's the I took a picture. >> Have you ever had a Coke coffee before? >> I mean, >> I would imagine this would be reminiscent. >> I know there's like what? Dirty sodas. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So, I think that might be what they're going for. So this is the cherry cola cold brew Joffrey's. >> It's the 70th anniversary blend which >> she just got the cherry there. >> Wow. >> I was going to go somewhere with that but I didn't. >> The marishino >> um since when are they calling what is the 70th anniversary blend? >> I don't know. >> I don't know. >> Camera to me. Came to me. >> Jump and Disney. I don't know what it is. Every special event, they have a fall blend. They have a 50th anniversary for Disney World. Apparently, they have a 70th blend. I don't know what it means. I don't even think Joffre knows what it means. >> Joffre is like, "We just signed a contract and they put our name on stuff. >> As long as you put the 70th anniversary on the bag, that's all that matters." >> We haven't left this card in a really long time. >> It's a new element. It's the new the new Don Element is happening. I need to text all the time. I'm like, D, are you here? We need you. >> I was I was I'm choking on the cherry. I was halfway through my description. Camera to me. He says, >> Joffre, I have a phone to pick with. >> Okay. Uh, oat milk. >> Okay. >> Vanilla creme. >> Okay. >> Cherry syrup. >> Okay. >> Topped with a cherry cola cold a cherry cola cold foam. >> And a marishino cherry. >> Get on with it. So, it's a cold brew with cherry coke. Well, actually cherry syrup. I I now I did not hear good things. I heard some medium things. >> But you're a sucker for cold bruise, >> dude. She's >> That's good. >> Hey. >> Hey guys, how are you? So, my wife Liz is to cold bruise as I am to like sweet treats. I have a very low bar. I'm sure you have a very low bar of satisfaction. >> Well, there has been misses with the Joffre cold ones before. Um but >> uh Don thoughts on Joffre. >> So Cameron to me. Thank you. Joffre has a blend for every if you Mickey's not so scary Halloween party at the Magic King. They will have a blend for it. Oh, do you like staying at Disney's Riviera Resort? There will be a blend for that. Hey, maybe you're feeling a little bit tired at 2:00 p.m. Not 3 p.m. It's 2:00 p.m. >> The 2 p.m. blend. They have the 2 PM blend for you. And guess what? It's going to taste exactly the same as every other Joffrey's blend. >> I don't believe you. >> Camera to Liz. >> Camera to Liz. So, you like it? >> Okay. So, the cherry is not really permanent. >> Okay. >> And if it was, it would have to be a natural cherry flavor versus an artificial like it tastes like cough medicine. >> Well, it is syrup. >> Yeah. Yeah. I don't I'm not into like the overpowering powering sour uh of the cherry syrup. >> Okay. >> But it's nice blend of everything else. >> I like it. >> I think it's very tasty. >> Okay. No, he's I think Okay. He almost drained it. >> It's pretty damn good. >> I didn't taste any cherry. I just tasted a damn good cold brew. >> Maybe that's what Maybe it's not really prominent with ain't no cherry in there. >> Yeah. It's good though. >> That's pretty good. You can finish that. >> I'm going to finish this. >> And Don's going to finish his pineapple. >> Camera to me finishing my pineapple. >> Cheers. Oh, you eat your Oh, >> I'm a tiki boy through and through. >> My god. >> Cheers. It anyway. >> I got to try to finish this even though I'm not crazy about it. >> We've gotten many mentions throughout the night that David drunk in the video is the best kind of video. >> Couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. >> You got to give me a minute. >> Special kind of commitment to like tiki drinks. >> I do like tiki drinks. >> I'm I'm feeling a little crazy right now not having my phone. >> I have to give Liz phone back. Cheers. >> Sorry. >> Wow. The people are here. It was dead this morning, but it is packed tonight for food and wine. My goodness. NEXT STOP IS PEPPER SCALIENTE. OH, BY THE WAY, Let's go. By the way, it should be noted here at Pepper Caliente that they have switched things up. It used to be this was the order side and they had cashiers over here and then you would pick up over there, but now they have moved the cashiers to the left. So now that is the order side on the left and the pickup side is on the right. Now, just a heads up, we're at Pepper Caliente. And but by the way, good news, fresh bake. Uh after I finish that last drink, we are now officially into buzz territory once more. I am a buzzed person. I've got to find Miguel, though. He We got to go find the the beer flight. >> Hop in first here. Camera. >> Peppers Ciente translates roughly to peppers spicy. >> Spicy peppers. So, okay, back to David. >> Hot peppers. >> This chili. Yes. Similar. >> Uh well, they have at Peppers Caliente the Taheen habanero seasoned wings with taheen chili sauce. Now, I am of the opinion that they could put taheen on just about anything and I would be down for that. They could put taheen on Lucky Charms and I'd be like, "These are the best Lucky Charms I've ever had." If you're familiar with Lucky Charms, you know the Taheen does not belong on that. >> This is Buzz David. I've actually broken down. Long story short, TLDDR, I love I love Taheen. I cannot wait to try these wings just because the word taheen is in there. Now, these are not new, though. Oh. They're not. >> They had these last year. >> No. >> Spicy. Is it what the name of the booth is called? >> Pepper's Caliente, by the way. This could be the beer or the the liquor talking. But that's delicious. Oh my god. >> I mean, it looks really >> liquor and wings. I mean, >> yeah. You really can't. >> What's better than being buzzed than eating wings? >> Yeah. >> Oh my god. This is delicious. Yay. Wow. >> Wow. >> It's like the thing that has been been missing from my hand this whole night. >> Okay. Chandler, >> that wing is hitting David's hand like me are hitting Thor's palm in the Battle of New York in the Avengers. It's been It's been It's destiny. The The Taheen wing. Nice. >> Like >> it's the same thing. >> Wait, wait, wait. >> I got to get a full wing on there. Like, >> okay. Is it out of frame? Get it out of frame. >> Out of frame. >> That is frame for frame. Chris Hemsworth in the Avengers 2012. >> That is delicious. Five out of five. >> Liz, tell me about the ramen mac and cheese. >> Okay, I'm excited. Oh, so Liz is going to she she asked me specifically, "Save the mac and cheese for me." She said, "Uh, ramen mac and cheese with furake crumble. Fish cakes." Can we talk about that word? >> Fish cakes. >> That's a very strange two things to put together. >> A fish birthday cake. >> Candles in there. Vanilla frosting. Fish. No. Okay. >> Fish cakes. Green onions. Tell me about green onions. You guys >> listen, as the resident green onion connoisseur, I can say these are smaller than the previous green onions we did encounter earlier into the evening. But it's not about the size, it's about how they garnish the dish. So, let's listen up here and see how they affect the mac and cheese. >> But also, tell me how the chili crunch affects the mac cuz there's also chili crunch on there. Are you ready? >> Yeah. >> Wait, by the way, what is that? Is that the fishcake? >> Maybe. I'm assuming. Yes. >> That thing right there. >> Yes. >> On the in the middle of frame. >> The little swirly thing on The little swirly thing is the fishcake. This sounds terrible. >> Go for it. It's like sushi mac and cheese. >> She's digging it. >> Second bite. >> Oh, that's just mac and cheese though. She got just mac and cheese on that bite. So, the mac and cheese is good. >> What about the fish cake? >> Solid. >> What about this part right there? >> The little fish cakes that you get like in your >> Save that for me. Don't eat that. >> But just tell me about it. Tell me about it. >> Pepper scalliente. I think it's winning the show so far. >> Yeah. Well, I tell you what, this right there is winning my heart. And I didn't even put >> that on there, which is more of that. Oh, she's going. Okay. >> Straight in. Straight in. >> I wasn't ready. I wasn't ready for a strawberry guava lemonade. Non-alcoholic. Uh, simply lemonade, strawberry puree, and guava syrup as my wife drinks it. Topped with vanilla cream and freeze-dried strawberries. Those freeze-dried strawberries have disappeared. She's just She just literally did it just now. She poked those into the drink. >> Says, "They are a garnish." >> They are a garnish. They were right there. They were right there on top, but now we lost them. She's devouring them. >> Now, now, now we have the full picture. >> Tell me your thoughts. >> You have to like guava. >> You need to speak up. I'm wearing the mic. >> To the back of the room, please. Back of the theater. >> You have to like guava. >> Oh, is there a lot of Is there a guava presence? Very potent on the guava. But that is freaking delicious. >> More. May I ask? More so than the strawberry. >> Are you picking up Are you picking up more strawberry or more guava? >> More people. >> But there's actual but there strawberry. >> It's called a strawberry. >> Mind. It's called strawberry. There's strawberry. >> Well, it's actually technically strawberry. Guava lemonade. >> Cream makes it taste more strawberry. >> Well, that was a very beautiful looking drink, I have to say. >> It's not guava strawberry, though. Uh there was I love it when they when they give you two distinct layers. There was a very bright red layer. >> It's up to you whether or not to mix them or to not mix them. >> Well, I've been told I don't mix enough. So, >> that is really good. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Well, first before I You know what? I'll do that first. Let me try your strawberry guava lemonade. That is apparently very guava. >> Well, it's not anymore. I think that mixing the cream really really helped. >> You are right. That was all strawberry. But that was incredible. >> Wow. >> That's really good. >> That's one of the best things I've had in a very, very long time. >> Wow. >> I'm not gonna lie, >> you guys. >> It's this is the best thing we've had tonight. Right. So far. So far. >> All of this. >> This is the best thing. >> Thumbs up. >> This was number one. And then this was number two. >> Let me try a little bit of here. Don, can you get us both eating? He'll try the mac and cheese. >> Oh yeah. Oh, fascinating. >> That's very spicy, though. Are you ready for that? >> Yeah, it's fine. >> Okay, I'm going to try first the mac and cheese. >> Yeah, I'm going to try that little piece that David didn't get into. Okay. Ready? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Oh my god. >> Okay. The wings. >> I wish they gave you like a like a spicy ranch or something. >> Ranch would be delicious. >> That's really good. >> Robbed. >> Okay. So, peppers caliente for Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The mac and cheese down. This mac and cheese tastes like mac and cheese. >> So that means if you really think about it that they've accomplished the goal. >> They've accomplished what they set out to do. They made they did mac and cheese. That kind of does it does it Well, here's the thing. Here's the big question. The question of the hour. Does it give any amount of ramen flavor? Any ramen reminiscence or is it mostly just mac and cheese with fish? >> Wait, you said ramen? >> Ramen? >> I taste it. >> There's no ramen in here. >> Ramen flavor. >> That is 100% mac and cheese. >> Oh, I tasted it. >> You're getting no ramen. So, >> I'm getting no ramen. Where's the ramen? >> That changes things. >> I like it. >> Uh, now what about the fish cake? I didn't get a chance to get the >> fishcake in there. Let's see. kind of thing. >> It's pointless. >> You're not really a Japanese. >> Doesn't make a difference. >> I like it. This is fire though. >> I don't understand. Yeah. Tell me about this now. >> This is very very good. >> Is it all right? >> There the the skin to this is perfect. >> Absolutely perfect. >> The sauce is so spicy, but in a way that you're just like, I don't care. Like I'm going to like keep going like you do with the, you know, hot Cheetos. I'm not doing that that sauce. So I die. Oh, okay. Keep rolling. Keep roll. Let me get on. Let me get in on this. Let's see. >> Let me mix it up because it's a little >> Oh. Oh. Oh, there's a >> heavy crunchiness going on there. >> Some developments here. >> I had to stir that up. If you don't stir that up, >> it's all oil and viscous oil on top and then the crunchy stuff on the Look at that. >> Everybody go full screen right now. If you're not full screen right now, if you're watching on desktop, go full screen. >> Look at how crunchy that is. >> Are you kidding? >> There's a whole There's a whole texture layer in there. And then if I >> go back to theater mode. >> If I go like this. Okay. Now I I put that on there. Right. Let's see what happens. >> It's like a remy ratatouille moment. There's more flavors entering the picture here. There's more happening. Is it positive or is it ne is it covering it up? Is it improving it? Is it changing it? >> You don't need it, but it's it does add to it. >> Okay. Surprisingly, it's more texture than it is flavor. >> Yeah. Because of the crunch. There's a lot of crunch >> of the of the chili flavor. >> Yeah. Of that >> added to the wings equals crispy wings. Important. More spice, less spice, same spice. >> Medium. >> Medium. >> Same. Yeah, it's kind I think it's actually fine. You don't need this. The the wing by itself is in It's all because of the crunchiness of the the the way that they've done the wing. I love it when they um they make it like crunch crunchy on the edges and you get that crisp texture to it. And I think you said the same, right? >> Yeah. >> It's definitely a texture thing. I'm all about sometimes they they don't put enough bone in the wing >> and that's important. I mean, it's it's a little it's half the experience of eating a wing. If you're eating boneless wings, there's no point. But >> why are you eating boneless wings? >> Exactly. There's chicken nuggets with sauce on it. >> What we're seeing here >> Yeah. seems to be if I'm getting the if I'm reading the vibe correctly, I hesitate to say I don't want to go this early on. >> Don't hesitate. Don, >> is this the best thing you've had tonight? >> Yes. >> This and this. >> That's three. Actually, the best three things we've had tonight all are at Peppa's Calient. >> You heard here we heard it here first, folks. >> Roughly translate to pepper spicy, pepper's hot. That's That's kind of like uh chicken tip. >> Exactly. It's just chicken twice. >> It's chicken. Chicken >> chicken. Chicken nail. >> I don't think they're getting the message that tip is chicken. Don, let's call it chicken tip. >> If you've ever had chicken chicken that's formed into a rectangle somehow served to you on a bed of something on me, this is very reminiscent of that is what I'm taking away. >> Peppers Caliente. Piente wins the hot so far. Number one. >> Number one. >> Number one booth of the night. >> No. Oh, absolutely. >> Yeah. And it's and it's a challenge. >> Honestly, so far that is the only thing that's been like catching our >> And and the the real challenge is which one of these is >> guys. Love you so much. >> Oh, thank you guys. Nice meeting you. >> The real challenge is which one of these at the at Pepper Scalia Day is the best of the three. I kind of think it's this. >> Honestly, it's the drink. >> I kind of think it's this. >> It goes one, two, three. >> Have you tried this yet? I'm sorry. I was about to say I'm about to hand you the camera. >> Yeah. Finish it off. I have to hand you the camera. Okay. Sniff test. >> So hot. >> Are you getting uh >> right away essences or strawberry shortcakey almost like >> Well, there's literal >> tastes like a little vanilla. >> There's literal strawberry in there. >> Okay. I've never had lemonade with like like a cream in it. >> It's giving like >> It's giving It's giving strawberry >> pound cake angel food cake. I love angel food cake, mind you. >> This is >> It reminds me of the strawberry cream savers, but guava. >> M >> Oh, I forgot there's guava in there. Do you taste any guava? >> I wasn't getting any guava. >> I mean, maybe a tiny bit, but it does. It tastes like the strawberry cream saviors. My grandma used to flip me in the middle of church to catch it in the air. >> Love that for you. >> Yeah. >> Wow. You just had a very vivid flashback right there, didn't you? I'm covering the trauma with a little bit of >> just had a moment. You just had a moment. >> God rest her soul. >> Before we move on to our next booth, I just want to say I don't feel like we gave enough credit. >> Oh my god. >> To that mac and cheese. I'm having some more. We do eat all the food. We We try to anyway as much as we can, but I don't think we gave enough credit to that mac and cheese just on a standalone basis. That's one of the best mac and cheeses that they've served here. Yes. >> At Food and Wine. Uh my wife, she just agreed. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> It's This has been the best food, best mac and cheese, best wings, best drink. Peppers Caliente is on fire. >> Yeah. I got it. >> Oh, I get it. >> Hands peppers. >> I get it. >> You get it. >> It's coming together. >> It's all coming together. >> Caliente means hot. >> Well, that's true. >> Spicy. >> Yes. So, what Liz is saying everybody is that >> Wait, are we still in the bed? What's going on? >> You can tell me to stop. >> Oh my god. This is what happens when two areas get together. >> You bring it all of it out. >> Get the mac and cheese at Peppers Caliente, but also get the wings and also get the strawberry drink. It's all amazing. Well, after that wonderful >> Well, that was a much longer uh I I thought we I didn't think we were going to have Don as long as we did. >> Yeah. No, he said like maybe for an hour and then an hour goes by. Okay, maybe >> that turned into like 3 hours. >> It was awesome. >> We have We have lost Don. >> We have. >> But the good news is Fresh Baked is that we are now on our way to Paradise Garden to meet up with another fun person, another one of my favorite people on this planet. I'm I'm going to save that. When we get to Paradise Garden, we'll we'll want to introduce you. Yeah. I tell you what, Tina knows how to play to the crowd. I absolutely love Ford on Blondes and that song. Uh, what's going on? right here. Thanks, Tina. That was amazing. And now she's doing this is how we do it. >> She knows how to She knows how to please the crowd. >> Yeah. When she did Golden earlier, I don't think that was >> She did. Yeah. Uh, >> you can take Golden off your uh playlist. >> Play more of this >> and more Ford on Millennial. >> Give me that. Give me that Selena. >> Yes. Hell yeah. >> Heck yeah. And then next stop is going to be Paradise Garden Grill for something I've been looking forward to for a very long time is a beer flight. We've had a mimosa flight. That is a Paradise Garden beer flight. And this is Miguel and Janelle from uh Magic Journeys. >> I almost said Ordinary Adventures. >> We love them. >> They're great though. >> Uh very early on. We You guys were the first people we saw today before we even started shooting. >> Um yeah, cuz I I heard Miguel yell at me while I was doing B-roll. I scared him. And I said, "Miguel, save me a beer flight tonight." >> Oh, I will. >> He got his beer fly. I didn't get one. >> Yeah, you just got a beer. >> Which is kind of like that, right? It's full. >> It's one of those. It's number one. It's this one. It's the Ogo Pogo. Now, I don't have Hold on. Oo Pogo Brewing. That's theona Mexican logger, >> which is the one I have here. >> Yes. >> Just a lot bigger. >> Um, so is that the same? That is the same, right? Difference. >> Well, I'm getting a beer flight. You just wanted to get a beer. >> I just wanted a beer. So, uh, here >> get Miguel and I >> Only thing I wish I had was like a lime where I could squeeze in here. >> There's no limes. >> There's no limes, but >> Oopa. >> The crying woman. >> Oo, that's refreshing. >> Is she refreshing? >> Is Laona refreshing? The crying woman refreshing? >> It's crispy. Yeah, it's very crispy. >> That's a great word. Yeah, >> I love crispier is is awesome. No longer is generally speaking a very crispy drink. >> Yeah. Refreshing for a nice warm day. >> Yeah. Yeah. Which it's been. >> Yeah. >> Cheers. Let me finish this off. >> So sorry. Oh my goodness. >> And he's still got a lot. Look more. >> Have you not seen me do a beer fly before? >> No. And I'd love to see it right now. >> It's going to get it's going to get ugly here. >> Oh man. >> Number two. Now that he's Okay, so you got to you got to take a shot of your oka pogo every time I do it. >> So I got to drink it in quarters, >> right? So, when I finished when I finished with all my four, I'm already feeling a little more buzzed than I was before. When I finish all four of these, that's got to be >> Okay. So, I think that was one, right? >> I don't know. >> I think all of these four combined is one, right? >> I think so. >> I think so, too. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. >> Okay. So, number two is the smog coffee. >> Wait, can we talk about what that means? >> The coffee beer. >> It's the smog city Brewing Company coffee porter. Uh, from Torrance, >> coffee beer. >> Cheers. >> Oh, cheers. Sorry. >> He sucks at He sucks at this. I swear. >> Is it good? >> Coffee. >> Oh my gosh. Wait. I have to try. I have to try. >> It's like There's coffee. >> It's for real coffee. >> Like espresso? >> Is it like really beer? >> Wa. >> No, it's like >> Wo. >> It's beer coffee. It really is. It It's like having a espresso cold but carbonated. >> Wo. >> That's exactly what That's Wow. That's weird. >> Uh are you okay back on me still? >> It is. It's been on you the whole time. >> That's That's my second >> I don't know if I can shoot this one. >> I don't think you can shoot that one either. >> It's a little too strong to shoot it, >> but I'm going to try. >> Oh my god. >> That's a coffee. >> Yeah. All right. >> Yikes. >> I should have gotten that, too. I need a little pickme up right now. >> Okay, number three. >> I don't even know what number three is. >> Jesus Louise. >> Uh oh, that's it's the slow it's the Is it Is it St. Louis? Is that what I'm doing? >> You got to be prepared, Dave. He doesn't even know the name. >> Yes, it's the slow it's the slow brew. >> I'm going to assume this is from St. Louis Abyispo. They refer to those as slow. Uh, it's a slow mo. Oh, it's the blood orange, babe. >> Babe, it's the blood orange. >> Oh, it is. Okay. Why don't you guys cheers to this one so I can get a picture of you, too? >> All right. >> Cheers. >> Blood. My gosh. >> Yeah. There you go. >> Cheers. >> Cheers. >> He's such a professional. >> No, but he was right, though. >> I know. He's right. That's what I was saying. He's a pro. >> Wait. >> I think that's right. >> Yes. I think >> you got to show that to them. >> Wait, let me show the camera. Hey, hey, hey. Cameron, >> we're drinking a beer fight with my buddy Dave here. And >> look, what do you have here? Blood orange. Blood orange. >> Is it good? >> I have to mix it. >> Cheers, my friend. >> Cheers. >> You got one more sip. That's pretty much it. Take a sip before I get into it. >> Going to try this one here. >> Oh my god, it smells so good. >> That's tasty. for you. >> It definitely has a bitter aftertaste for sure. >> Like I've never met a blood orange drink that I didn't love. >> Yeah, blood orange is really yummy. >> I don't know what it is about it, but there's a blood orange margarita at Epcot. It's amazing. Here we go. >> So serious. Wa. >> Dang. >> Yeah, that was really good. >> That's very tasty. >> Wait. Okay, I'm so intrigued by this one. I said this looks like Mary's Poppins medicine. I've never seen Dave take out of my first time. >> This is my second flight tonight, >> you know. Well, you shared with Don on the first one. >> That's true. I didn't drink. >> You didn't drink at the last. >> Number four is the the Two Town Cider House. >> Prickly Paradise. What is a What is a prickly paradise? Prickly Oh, it's prickly pear. Prickly sweet. >> Okay, Liz wants more. It has a red note to it. >> Sour, but we'll see. >> It smells good. It's It's very sweet. Yeah, >> it's sweet. >> Oh, that's really good, though. Is that Celzer? Is that an actual >> It's a No, it's a cider. >> I mean, that's what I meant to say. Cider. >> Yeah. Now, when I when I hear Prickly Pear, I think of that Jungle Book song. That's I don't even know what a prickly pear is. >> Wasn't there a prickly pear over at Cozy Cone? >> I just like that one. >> There was a prickly pear drink. >> Are you sure? >> I think so. >> That's Cozy Cone. >> Yes, there's prickly pear soda. >> Now, what's what's the why is it red? That's a good question. >> They're prickly pear. >> But I thought that was your green. >> No, they're they come in reds, too. >> Oh, they are? >> Yeah. >> I have no idea. >> Louise. >> That's a very good cider, though. >> Okay. Good. You're keeping up. Good. Good. >> Good job, Miguel. >> Here we go. Prickly bear. >> Here we go. Go, Miguel. Go. Yes, Miguel. Good job, Miguel. Good job. >> I had to stop because I wanted to figure out the flavor. >> You spill it on your phone. It's on my phone. This is also very fruity. >> It's very good. >> It's very fruity. >> Yeah. >> That's a fruit, right? >> Yeah. >> Cheers. Cheers, sir. Oh, no. >> There's something in the >> Oh no, something in the prickly. >> Yikes. >> Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. >> Oh my god. >> Dang. Let's go. Look. >> Oh my god. >> We're back on track. Fresh break. We're back on track. >> Mine doesn't fit in here or else I'd slam it. Look at this. There you go. >> Well done. >> Oh no. >> We did it. Uh so we got to close out our bit with you because you got you got more work to do, right? >> Uh we got some foods to try that uh we haven't gotten yet. Like over here in Paradise Gardening Grill, we got you know, what do we have today? >> Chalupa. >> A chalupa. >> A chalupa? >> Yeah. They're they're literally calling it a chalupa, >> I think. So >> all right. Well, the chicken chalupa is what it's called. >> We're trying the chicharó in a cup. >> We had that earlier. >> You had that earlier. What are you What are you doing? I wasn't a fan of it because of the texture and I felt like the uh the toreso was very granulated almost like it wasn't even >> Yeah, sometimes. Yeah, you I know what you mean. I know what you mean. Well, that's where we're heading next, Miguel. >> All right, I freaking love you, man. >> This guy's awesome. >> Thanks for having that flight with me. >> Of course. >> And we'll see you soon, hopefully. >> Absolutely. Bye, guys. So, a bit of drama here at the end of the night. It is 8:16. As I look at the clock right now, I didn't even realize. We've been playing this way too slow. Uh, the park closes at 9:00 and I think the kiosk closed at 8:30. It is 8:16. I've got Liz over there at uh at the kiosk over there in Grizzly Peak. I'm over here at California Craft Brews. We got three more booths to go and we need to buy all of our food in the next 15 minutes. We've got to buy three three marketplace kiosk foods in 15 minutes and then we've got another 45 minutes to eat them. So, right now we're in a a a rush, a crash course to collect all the food that we need to eat over the next hour. Stay tuned. I guess this is going to be very intense. Uh, so it's 8:40. Good news is that we got three booths ordered. >> Oh my god, that's insane that we just did that. >> We got >> This has never happened, by the way. >> So, yeah. I don't know. I was not I was not even thinking about the clock at all. I didn't think there was a clock on this at all. >> I thought that we had till 10:00, but we don't. >> No, we have till 9. So, we've got 20 minutes. Well, they're they're going to let us eat this, I'm sure. Uh, but we got everything ordered and everything picked up at 8:40. That's the good news. The bad news is we got to we got three three kiosks worth of food to eat. Three kiosks worth of food. Three kiosks worth of drinks. I don't even know where to begin. Should we start at the uh the one at the back there? >> Uh, yes. Which is called I think it's the new booth, which I don't remember from last year. >> It was there last year. Yeah. >> The Mercado de Marcado. >> Oh, are you sure? >> Marcado. It's Americano. >> It's a hard sea. >> Americano deto. >> And Liz is going to be trying first the torta augada from meo dean and toas. That is a brazed pork. Good luck lady. Brazed pork carnitas. She's not big on pork, this lady. Um and uh let's see. Uh foes John. I can't read this. Poles chos with pickled onion and salsa. >> So, it's a tort. >> Well, I think it was a sandwich or >> It is. It is a sandwich. A tort that up. It's very cold cuz we've been waiting in a very long time. >> Yeah, we've kind of had to we had to rush this to get everything together. So, it's been sitting out the longest. >> Well, I like that look. >> Even it's cold. That's delicious. >> Really? Get out of here. >> It's the pork is like a carnito pork. >> Yeah. And you don't even like pork. If I'm going to have pork, usually I think carnitas is the way to do it. >> Yeah. >> That is so flipping spicy. >> Is it spicy? >> It's so spicy. That might be the spiciest thing of the night for sure. >> I'm going to put this drink in frame while you eat that. >> Um, but that sauce is kicking. I wish there was more of the crema or the cream. Um, I don't really care for the pickled onions, so I feel like they always pickled something. But this is very, very good. This is I'm I'm really liking this actually. I'm so shocked. I'm literally so shocked that you're into this right now. >> Really? I'm so happy. >> Oh, you're just going to go for it? >> Oh my. >> Wow. >> Okay, she's right. Uh, this is quite cold to the touch. And it's also it's there's cream and sauce everywhere. I'm feeling like you can see it. It's all over the place. I'm not sure. Anyway, I want to try the torta in in to I got a lot of free holes. >> I said I didn't get any of the beans. >> Wow. You're right. There's a nice bit of kick there. I'm interested to see what Miguel says about this cuz we saw him ordering this the same time he did. >> Nice bit of kick there. I love the pickled uh the pickled onions and whatnot on there. >> Mhm. >> That sauce is amazing. >> It's really good. >> The bread's it's a nice meat to bun ratio. >> Uh and you're right, the the carnitas is is very nice. Very pleasant. >> Yeah, I'm digging that. >> Wow. >> It's so good. >> It's so good. >> It's the sauce. I'm going to just go ahead and whatever that is. >> Yeah, >> that's what's making it right there. >> It's a very good sauce. >> That's amazing. >> It's like sweet and spicy but really spicy. >> Oh my god. >> It's so good. >> Now, is that that's the only uh dish that they serve there, right? >> No. And the tres cake, but like savor dish. Yes. We had this last year. We weren't really >> hold on >> like swoon over it. >> No, I agree. I'm sorry if we're rushing through this, but we have three kiosks to go in a short amount of time. This is the uh cafe deola t leches cake. We did try this last year. It was over there. >> It was. Yes, >> if I recall. T leches topped with ponio chantelli cinnamon and Mickeyshaped cookie. Of all the things that we've tried today or that have been on our plate today, >> this is the one I'm like, eh? >> Yeah. >> I'm not big on Trish Leches. I don't understand it. It's not part of my, you know, I'm Swedish. Like, I'm not I'm not even predisposed to like this, I don't think. Right. >> Okay. >> Yikes. >> And I love sweet things, but for whatever reason, I've never been able to connect with the trace of interest. But that REALLY HITS. >> OH, NO WAY. WHAT? >> Maybe it's the fact that it's it's it's coming up after the uh >> Oh, maybe >> tort. >> Okay. Well, I got to try it now, too, after you. >> I'm actually I mean, I can't eat this whole thing. >> You said it's tiramisu. Trese leches. Maybe it's the tiramisu part that you're liking. >> Oh, that's really good. >> That's hilar. >> No, it's not tiramisu. >> Oh, it's not. Okay. Cafe de o. >> Oh, cafe oya. That's right. That's right. That's right. >> Trace leches. Do you want to try it? >> Yeah. >> Maybe it's cuz we haven't had a lot of sweets tonight. >> No, this hit differently than >> It is different, isn't it? Does it? I don't know if it is or not. >> They have more of the cafe oya in it. >> Is that right? >> Maybe. Unless we're thinking of another cake that look very similar to it, but no. This is very tasty. It almost reminds me of that trend right now happening with like biscott cookies and like the non non- Greek fat yogurt. Non-fat Greek yogurt. There we go. Um, that's tasty. That coffee hits really nice. >> Yeah, I don't mind that one bit. >> It's very good. I can't have too much sugar, but it's >> there's a little bit of [ __ ] or the other thing. What are the other things? >> Oh, I don't know. >> Um, I have for the second time tonight because we were in such There was so much anxiety and like pressure to get all that food. It straightened me out. >> I'm sober again. I'm 100% sober, but uh we got another flight. This is my third flight of the night, you guys. Three. >> Technically, this one by your Oh, you did the other one by yourself, too. >> Well, yeah, I did the beer flight by myself, but I did share the flight with uh with Don, but we're going to get the Paloma flight next. This is the Paloma flight from What's the name of that place back there? >> Um Marcado detoas. I'll just go ahead take that. There is there's three Palomas there. And I I I I'm looking forward to this because I love tequila obviously, but I don't know if uh it's I don't know if I can I can uh knock these out like I do like a beer flight or the uh >> Right. >> No, the Mimosa flight was easy. >> That was super easy. Okay, so we're going to start with the Canarito style paloma. >> Okay, that's just like a basic margarita. Basic Paloma. >> Oh, she stopped me. Wait. >> Oh, no. That's all you. >> There's there's a very heavy kick to this. >> No, thank you. >> Oh my god. Yeah, you're like, >> she took a whiff and she's like, "No, I don't think Oh, she wanted to try it and now she's like, "Not >> I'll try maybe the blood orange." >> It's hitting the back of my throat in such a way >> like there's like jalapeno or something, but there isn't any in there as far as I know. >> This is great. I'm going to hold off on this and finishing that. I'm actually not going to power that down. >> Good for you. I'm going to try the black cherry paloma. >> I want to try that maybe too. >> Oh my god, these are delicious, babe. >> Yeah, they're strong. >> Oh, you can Yeah, there's a heavy heavy >> wa >> right that hits you right in the back of the throat. >> That's really fast, though. Are you sure that's the black cherry? >> This is black cherry. Yeah, that's the blood orange. Okay, that tastes good. >> This is delicious. I mean, it's to to uh to quote my friend Don, I'm getting notes of black cherry and tequila. >> Don, we miss you already. >> He's already taught me everything I want to know about uh reviewing F. This is really, really good. I'm surprisingly enjoying this. This is one of the best things we've had today. It's really nice. >> This is really nice. I'm I'm Take one more sip of that. The reason why I'm not pounding that is because we've got >> We have other drinks. >> We have two more dishes to go and another drink. >> This is the blood orange. Our second blood orange drink of the night. This is the blood orange paloma. I don't even know what blood orange is. >> I think it's a orange mixed with I want to say maybe grape grapefruit I think. I don't remember. It's another I think it's another type of or is this a type of orange? But I' I've never I've never met, like I just said before, I've never met a blood orange drink I didn't like. That's good. But you know what? I think I like the plain one best. >> That's very subtle. >> It's very subt right. Exactly. That's That's why >> that's actually surprising how subtle it is. >> I like that. This kicks me right in the face. This one more than any of the others was just a punch to the back of my head. >> I actually like that, too. >> And this was very enjoyable. >> They're very strong, though. The little flight. That's They're strong. >> Yeah. Um I really like that a lot. But we need to we need to Like I said, I'm sorry for rushing this at the end. >> But uh we got a lot to go through here. So, we need to get to our next booth. Right across the way is California Craft Brews. Chicho Nachos. >> This actually looks intriguing. Our friend Miguel got these. He did not like the chicharó. Uh >> Oh, really? He did not nachos. Mostly because of the texture. He did not care for the >> He did not care for the uh >> chiso. A >> little too grainy. The texture was wrong. >> We'll see. But there's Okay. So, there's your chon, which is basically what pork rind, right? >> I think right. Just fried pork. Lightly fried pork. I forgot how much I love pork rinds. >> What's that? >> I forgot how much I love pork rinds. >> Pork rinds. >> That's so good. >> Okay. >> So naughty. >> I'm trying to get a bite here. >> Oh my god. You just had a pork rind fall into your paloma. >> You're right. It did. Here we go. So there's a It's bas It's nachos with pork rinds instead of chips. >> I'm so intrigued by this. >> No. Oh no. Oh, it's bad. I mean, it looks like bomb man in a cup right now. I'm not going to lie. >> I'm so int I'm so intrigued. I was not expecting it to be that chewy. Well, yeah. It's like the pork rind gets soggy in here because >> the pork rind is seriously chewy. It's supposed to be crunchy, isn't it? >> It's so spicy, though. >> It's very spicy. >> What's that face you're making? >> The only thing I'm tasting is spice. >> She's right. chewy spice. >> I'll give it this. It's very interesting. There's There's just chunks of tomatoes. There's chunks of chorreso. >> There's cheese. >> Spice is so spicy. >> It's very spicy. >> Like like but an unpleasant spice. >> Yeah. I'm going to get kicked now for sure. >> I I I'm I'm I'm interested in it if only because it's so weird. >> We have five minutes. >> Is that World of Color happening right now? Well, they're not going to kick us out. I'm interested in this because it is so very very weird. You know what? Let me give you one more shot of this. >> Yeah, the actual chich. A little bit of the chichon, >> but that's more of the pork grind and the tomato and stuff on there. >> That did not help at all. >> Nope. >> I'm out. >> That's not good. That's definitely the worst thing ever in life. >> I might I need might need like a chaser or something. I feel so sick now. >> Can we go back to Pepper's Calette? >> God, for real. >> Those chichones are so absolutely wrong. >> It's so not right. >> They're so wrong. >> I don't know who thought that was a good idea. >> Oh my god. >> Um, where was this? This lollipop mango lollipop come from. >> That's also from It's the next thing that is my god. >> Yeah, we're we're we're going to die later. We're going to be very sick. Do not do it, guys. Don't Don't even try it. Like, it's that bad. Uh that is the California punch. It's mango puree, guava nectar, cucumber syrup, and lemon juice garnished with a mango chili lollipop. So it's not alcoholic, by the way. >> It's okay. >> Now, I made a mistake. >> It's a lot of flavors happening. >> They they have two very different names, but that's essentially the same as this. >> Oh, no. >> Yeah. So, I got the same drink twice. So, you go ahead and enjoy that. >> You didn't like it, though? >> No, it's not good. >> Wait. Give me that. >> We've been Have we been filming me the whole time? Um, yeah. So, this is So, so you're saying no to this and your and your lollipop has already been discarded. Uh, so it's >> there's a lot of flavors that are kind of like clashing and >> Well, let me let me go ahead and try the uh >> I'm so glad you put that on me. >> I know, right? The the difference basically is uh the mango guava cocktail is vodka which wasn't in that obviously. No beer. >> Mango puree, guava nectar, cucumber syrup. Why do they put cucumber? >> I got two cucumber drinks. What is wrong with me? >> I don't know. Honey cucumber, >> lemon juice, uh and garnished with instead instead of the See, they trick you. Instead of the mango chili uh lollipop, I'm getting a rainbow sour belt gummy. So, I don't if you can see that there. But, but essentially, it's the same drink >> as that >> as that. Yes. >> Yeah. >> Let me mix that up a little bit. I'm just going to go ahead and go crazy on this. >> Cheers, Fresh B. You got me? >> Yep. You're on. >> You don't have to pound it. Oh my god. Well, it's very average. I'm not really like just I I'm not really impressed. And then it made worse by the cucumber. I don't know why they put cucumber in these drinks. >> It It cucumber has to be a very subtle taste, >> right? And it's This is a sweet drink. >> Yeah. >> So, why are you putting cucumber? Don't introduce cucumber in there cuz cucumber is the opposite of sweet. >> How's this built? I want to see what this is doing. You guys see this? >> Careful. It's going to be hard now. >> Jesus, >> David Clarence, what am I going to do with you? You are not a man. You are a little boy who's enjoying drinks. >> That's so good, though. >> Oh my god. With candy. >> Yikes. >> I love you so much. >> That was really good. That's the best part of this is the fact that that's been marinating. >> Last but not least, >> this is from Garlic Kissed. >> It's the usual. Yeah. >> Yeah. This is a This is a repeat from last year. >> This is the only thing they had at the booth at Garlic Kiss. >> They had a drink, too, but I didn't get it. >> So, it's just this and a drink. There's >> no dessert. >> No. This is the sirloin gurrier mac and cheese with black garlic chimmy chur. Oo, that sounds good. Garlic butter crunch and Fresno chili slices. All of that sounds amazing. How does it taste? >> This every year the steak is so chewy. >> Yeah. How's the mac and cheese? >> I haven't tried it yet. >> Ch is good. >> I do love chimmy chur. >> I have to chew this steak. Please hold while my wife chews the steak. >> Okay, so that's the shoulder shrug. >> Fire. >> That's fire. Oh, I thought you were giving it a shoulder shrug. >> No, it's good. You can't go wrong with their white mac and cheese. Like it's just like, you know, every year. >> Careful with the steak, though, honey. Like, take >> Well, let's try first the mac and cheese. >> She did it right. >> It's good. The mac and cheese is great. I'm going to get a a bit of the sirloin, the mac and cheese, and that red pepper on there. Choo choo chew chew chew chew chew my love bug. Chew. >> Yeah, this steak's very chewy. Obviously, we maybe got it sooner and like hot. It probably won't be as But I don't know. I feel like every year >> The reason why it's so chewy, >> they they chop up. They have to overcook it, >> you know. Um, it's it's tasty. She's right. >> It's really good. The mac and cheese. >> It is tasty. >> Um, the but the steak is a little chewy >> and it's it's been sitting here. We've been waiting to eat this for a little while. >> The Oh, those red peppers are kicking in. >> Yeah, I didn't have any of the red peppers, but I I believe it. >> You should do that. >> I've been having so many so many like sensations right now cuz all the different foods that we've been having just But I think I think the winners are was that torta in the in the tres. >> Well, I would say under under conditions if we were able to get this fresh. >> Yeah. Yeah. 100%. >> Hot and heated right away. >> Yeah. >> This would be delicious. I think it would beating. I mean, it is good. >> And if we weren't trying to, you know, cram in three different dishes in the last 20 minutes. >> Yeah. >> This would be an amazing bite. Yeah, >> that's really, really good. You're right, man. >> It's good. >> That is probably the second best thing we've had to eat tonight. I mean, I think it's better than the torta. >> No, I don't think so. I think the torto is better. >> Yeah. >> I'm just going to eat the mac and cheese. >> All right. >> We're doing it apparently. That's all we have to say. >> You just keep it on me. I have to I'm going to keep it on you while I let >> all that heat escape me. Now, this is the this is the last thing we're eating tonight. This is essentially the end of the show, more or less. But we have one problem with David, >> ladies and gentlemen. He did not finish the drink and he's not going to cuz I won't let him. Don't you worry. >> Oh, I am. I don't think you should. Well, the blood orange had pork rind in it. So, I mean, >> I took the pork rind out. >> David, >> a pork rind fell into the black cherry. >> Was it black cherry? >> I don't think it's crazy. >> Little orange. >> That goes down easy. This was my best one. The plain one, cuz it hits you so hard. Just a smack across the face. >> There's my wife. You ready? >> Okay. Don't finish this. Don't finish the bucket. Okay. >> So, that's the handle. >> Hey, David. >> I Is this the one that I >> Oh my god. You know what? I don't have to do this right now. I can walk it out. >> Let me eat some more. >> Food and wine 2026. Man, what a night. >> I This might be one of my new favorite. >> I know, right? >> We ever had. And it's because of our friends. >> Shout out to Don from Offan Disney >> who just made this show. The food food wise, we were like, eh, it's okay. Right up until we get to Pepper Scalante. >> Yeah. Like first half was very mediocre. Second half you enjoy the night. >> Hi guys. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> I mean the food was okay but the the the the co-host was amazing. >> Yeah. >> And then uh meeting up with Miguel and Janelle after that as well. And then we just crammed three three kios. >> Yeah. That was intense. I I don't recommend. >> No. Don't do it the way we do it. >> Chose to like it did not taste good. >> And I still know what one more shot. I will say that I think the best show tonight is going to be with the membership seat. The BTS footage, >> the BTS footage, you guys. I, you know, I haven't seen it yet, but I have a good feeling that the BTS footage of us just, you know, kind of like riffing in between shots with Don is going to be amazing. >> Mike hunting. >> So, I know there's going to be some of that, but so for those of you who don't who weren't, we let the camera roll off off, you know, out of out of frame a little bit. uh and just filming us doing all the prep work and everything. That's going to be for memberships and I hope you guys enjoy cuz I really I think it's going to be a good show. But in any case, uh thank you guys for joining us on this food and wine festival. Uh we're going to go meet up with Miguel right now. >> But I also really want to quickly add if you liked our shirts, >> we are repping Happy Haunts clothing on Instagram and they are all themed Haunted Mansion. Happy happy hunts and uh we'll link also their uh description to um Instagram. Go check them out. >> Yeah. So, thank you for that. And then uh we're going to go meet up with our with Miguel and Janelle at Downtown Disney Night Cap at Splitzville. And uh thank you guys for watching and joining this food and wine festival. I hope you guys enjoyed and we'll see you soon. This is our third this is our our our March challenge. I don't know what we're doing in April, but we're doing a challenge a month, guys. Stay tuned for that. Thank you guys very much for watching. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. >> Rush break.
