---
video_id: VDbSV2wMbTo
channel: FreshBaked
title: "How I spend 3 hours in the evening at Disneyland"
published: 2026-03-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDbSV2wMbTo
---
5:55 on a Wednesday evening. Tonight it's you, me, and the camera and Disneyland. I hope you guys are ready for an amazing night. Just look at all the people that are enjoying themselves right now at Town Square as the magnificent omnibus rolls by. This is a pretty busy scene, you guys, for for Town Square, I have to say. I And I'm I'm feeling like maybe we're going to run into another busy night here. Look at that. Trains coming in. You got a full queue of guests over there. Guests coming out of the station. That's amazing. I love when people choose the Disneyland Railroad. makes me feel really good about what's going to happen to us tonight. Now, normally I like to try to have a reason to be here. Normally, I like to have a point, a story to track or a strategy to uncover or something. Hi guys. Hi. Uh or some kind of, you know, point to being here. We don't have that tonight. Tonight, we are flying by wire. But one thing I can promise you is that even though we don't have a point, we don't have a story. Uh there's no strategy to talk about tonight. You can count on us to bring you Disneyland in the most amazing way possible. We are going to do our very very best to entertain you tonight, to let Disneyland entertain you tonight. Have a magical time along the way. And that is Main Street at 558. As I mentioned, we're here on a Wednesday evening. I almost didn't get in, you guys. I forgot to make a reservation, but luckily there was one available. That's a good sign. Perhaps that maybe we're not at a complete full capacity. The goal tonight is to see how much we can do in 3 hours. We're here just shy of 6:00. The plan is to be here uh until 9:00 p.m. because well, normally I would close the park and do that, but tonight I'm reserving that. Hey guys, how are you? Uh, I'm reserving the last two hours for uh a video that we're going to be making for our acoustic channel for tours departing daily, which by the way, . You should be checking that out. We are uploading a lot of content there recently on that. We've been a content generating machine lately. I have just been going nuts making videos both here on this channel on tours departing daily and on through memberships and Patreon uploading a bunch of stuff for Patreon uh patreon.com/rushbaked and for the memberships if if you want to join here more or less the same content on both platforms. So if you can choose which one you want to get to. But uh that's our plan for tonight is uh uh enjoy this park until 9:00 p.m. Get some magic at where's the magic? Where's the M? Where's the light? >> Maybe maybe Autotopia. That might be a good idea. Uh I'm just I'm spinning right now thinking of ways that I can uh make a really good shoot tonight. Um yeah. So, and then look for look for a a walkthrough of the park on Tourists Departing Daily at night at closing, which should be magical. I can't wait for that. Uh let's get this started. I think we are going to Tomorrowland first. Just look at that light. You look at it. Look how beautiful everything looks right now. Incredible. Tempted to get on the Astro Orbiter, but no. I think I I feel like it's been a minute since we've been on Autotopia. Is it true that Tomorrowland has the best music loop of any land at Disneyland? Look at this scene, you guys. By the way, you can't see it, but I can. That's 95 minutes for Space Mountain. Look at all these people. >> I know that's a 45minut standby. Look at that. Oh my god. I don't care though. We're riding Autotopia tonight. If if Atopia is 45 minutes, we're not going to get a better deal somewhere else. Looks like they're still down a left lane. Left lane is still down. Found that on Monday. So, that must be an ongoing situation. Uh that that they're having maybe they're doing some sort of update to that lane. No breaks at the Tomorrowland station for the Disneyland Railroad either. My god. We're going to hit all of those switchbacks up there. >> We're going to the top riser, you guys. We're going top riser. That's a big day for Atopia. My goodness. >> Welcome everybody. This is Bird. To make sure your drive is a safe one, please remain seated with your seat belt fast. Keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the car. And remember to watch your kids. Driving is really easy. To make a stop, push your foot down on the pedal. To stop, just stick your foot off the pedal. Remember to keep at least one car length between you and the car ahead of you and drive carefully. And please do not bump the car in front of you or stop on the track. Thanks. Have a fun drive. So that's 22 minutes to the mix point. maybe another five or 10 to the vehicle depending on how our lane assignments go. One thing that I will observe here is we're going to do everything we can to get on the outside lane. When you got to try when when one lane is down like this one here, like that inside lane, you don't want to go on the near stairs. You want to go around to the outside stairs cuz they're getting twice the twice the capacity over there. They're getting just one lane of action. Uh So, we're going to try to go around if we can short of, you know, a cast member forcing us into this inside route. We're going to try to get on that outside one foot down on the darling between you and the car in front of you. And please do not run the car or stop on the track. I'll see you on the road. >> You did it. Even better. The cast member sorted us into this lane. So, I feel good about that. So, let me show you again what I'm talking about. The same amount of guests on that stairs as there are on this stairs are going to get split into one set of vehicles here and two set of vehicles here. So, we're going to get there twice as fast. And that's all in 26 27 minutes to our vehicle. That was just about four or five minutes to get down the stairs. Awesome job. Hey guys. You know, I am unapologetically in love with Autotopia, man. Uh, I know people give me crap about this all the time. It's a waste of space and nobody likes this attraction. That was busy, you guys. Autotopia was cranking right now. People are happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. Autotopia might be one of the most underrated attractions here at Disneyland. If if you love the undefinable quality that is Disneyland. We hardly ever get to go right. Are we going right? I forget which lane is which. N Oh, we're going left. I love this part. Hands up. There you go. Off road. How many of you can relate right now? My right thigh is burning up. It is on fire right now. My right thigh is Man, it is hard keeping the gas down on this thing. Train. Is the Montreal already closed? I have not seen a Montreal. I think it's supposed to be closed right now. Oh my god. Yeah, it looks closed to me. Prepare to stop. You're approaching the unloading area. Please slow down and keep at least one car lane between two of the cars. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Well, that was definitely worth the 25 minutes that it took to get to our vehicle. Well done. Uh 20 minutes ahead of schedule and very well done. Well, very well executed in getting into that outer lane. Pretty happy with myself. You know, I was uh coming out of there and I was I noticed the queue. We I didn't get to shoot it with when we were in the ride, but the queue for the Mad Horn looked busy as heck, but I'm wondering if I I might do a drive by uh single rider to do a little uh test to see how long that takes. I I don't have a lot of recon. I don't have a lot of iterations for Single Rider Matter Horn. So, I think we're going to go check that out. Wait, before we get into that, I don't I think I forgot to mention that. It looks like they aren't using the rotunda. Uh, you know, the the circular portion up there. I don't know if I can get this in frame. That circular portion right there where you go through where they show you the scenes with uh Osimo getting ready for his vacation. They didn't use that. And when I was here on Monday, they weren't using it then either, which is another reason why the queue was uh went quicker than the 45 minutes posted. But I wonder if there's something going on. I saw some photos on uh on social from uh Critter Club and they said there's some paint markings on the ground that are new and look interesting. Uh so I'm wondering if maybe there's a thing coming up for Autotopia. They might be getting ready for something. We're right about the point in time where we should be getting ready for the electric vehicles. People I've forgotten about it, but I think we're still on track for getting electric vehicles here at Autotopia. I'm going to I'm going to uh reach out and see if I can't learn a few things, but perhaps that's, you know, stage alpha of that. As for the Matter Horn, we are at 45 minutes. I saw we were only in extended one when we walked by. It looks like a pretty dense queue. Lightning lane is not too bad. So, I'm expecting single rider to be something of a discount. Hopefully. Certainly, it'll be a discount on 45 minutes. >> So, we're going to get a clock started and we're going to enter the single rider queue. I guess we're getting cut off by four people on along the way, but that's okay. Five people. Uh, okay. So, we're going to enter the single rider queue. >> And we'll see how long this takes. I'm expecting this to take about 20 minutes is my guess. That's number two. So far so good. >> So far so good. That's uh just under 9 minutes to get to, you know, into the proper queue sorted out. And this it varies. There's no way to really measure it this exactly because it's just luck of the draw. uh how many single spots open up. But I mean, nine minutes at this point is I've done worse. This is not bad. And we made it. 16 minutes and 40 seconds. So about just under 10 minutes. Uh yeah, no 7 minutes to get here. And there it is. Oh my god. It's up. Lasat. Heat. Heat. Woo! >> Oh my gosh. And that is 7:20 in the PS. We're going down, down, down. 7:20. All right, the night is still young. Hour and 40 minutes at least on the clock. I've just took a look at the tip board. It looks nasty out there. Uh especially with the Lightning Lane attractions. Space Mountain still at 90. Tiana's is at 90. 90. Tiana's is Hi guys, how are you? Uh Rise is at 75. Smuggler's Run was 40. I'm I'm doing this by memory. I don't I didn't record it. So, it's still pretty bonkers out here. Uh, as we were mentioning in our Monday State of Disneyland report, what you saw it on Wednesday. Uh, those ticket sales, man. But 3-day discounted California ticket to Park Hopper. People are showing up. Oh, man. I wish those lights were Do you guys remember when this was just a a much bigger deal? I miss those lights here. I mean, it's still lovely. Like I want to see the light show. I want to see some kind of I think they still do the the the lights that bounce around. I think they still do those, but they don't do the little mini World of Color thing. Are they going to let me walk all the way in here? Yes, they are. This is a a very uh sort of undiscovered People only come in here if they're going to meet Tinkerbell. It's quite It's quite lovely. Oh my god, it's open. Is it open? Oh no, they're just taking pictures. Uh, it's quite lovely here. I absolutely dig this little grotto. Pixie Hollow. It used to be, what was it? King Triton's grotto or whatever the hell they called it. I want to walk through it. Can I walk in here? I'm going to go check it out. Yeah, you could totally walk through here. I did not. No meet and greet, >> but they uh don't have everything buttoned up. Fascinating. >> They are not sitting standing or climbing on the blue wallings and chains. Thank you. Nope. >> Not Astro Orbiter Psych. >> I got my eyes set on >> Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. This is a very common attraction for me when I'm here at night. I don't know why. Maybe it's the cool neon effects that work better at night obviously, whereas during the day they do not. The good news is is that we're starting to feel a little bit of the parade effect happening. There's Buzz at 25 standby. Uh I walked by the the parade quarter there and it people were posted, people were sitting, so they're starting to, you know, get out into the streets and get ready for the show. It is 7:35, so it's still an hour before showtime. That's how early it starts. We're not all the way there yet, but this queue was certainly longer, maybe even just 10 or 15 minutes ago, than it is right now. I was first walking into Tomorrowland on our way to Autotopia. I saw from the side that this part of this section here, this part of the queue for Buzz Lightyear was full when I was shooting Pixie Hollow. >> They were back here. >> So, the queue is definitely shorter. And we are presently at just 2 and 1/2 minutes in this queue right now on our way to getting into the proper queue. So, that's pretty quick. Once again, I have forgotten. I have forgotten what my heights I don't even know what a I think it's anything over like a 100,000 for me is good man. I am terrible. I'm terrible. Hey, when is does anybody know if the Buzz Lightyear ride in Magic Kingdom is going to be open when I'm there? We're arriving on the 28th of March. We're we're we fly out next Friday. Uh and are in the park on the 29th, I think it is. Is Buzz open yet? I want to try out the new one. I heard it's pretty good. Here are commanded war. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Attention space. Heat. Heat. always been an honor. Check this to determine your don't forget to holster those blasters. Exit. 1017. Wait, so that's I think that's pretty good for me. So, I'm very bad at this game, but I thought I was doing better than that. I feel like I thought I was doing better than that. Oh well. There's daddy and daddy There's Jess. I'm not sure. You know, I just realized I forgot to uh time the queue. Well, I did time it, but I forgot to turn it off. I forgot to update you. But I want to say it was just a few minutes >> to get inside the building. I want to say it was like four, maybe four minutes to get No. Was it even that long to get in the building? Yeah, four minutes. and then maybe five more. So 10 minutes total is my guess. Uh and it is now what did I say? It's 8:03. It is 8:03 now which is prime time. We got one opportunity. One opportunity for a uh for the parade effect. And I'm hoping to do something that is parade adjacent. I think I'm going to park hop or not park hop uh hop the the the the hub and maybe Should I try Should I try Big Thunder? I mean, look at all the people out here posted. >> Ready to wait for that? It's still a half an hour to showtime. Uh, it's perfect time. Perfect time, by the way, for the parade effect. But I'm I'm looking at the tipboard and it says 50 minutes for Big Thunder. But this might be the actual ideal time for the opposite effect, which is something else that we teach. do the opposite. 50 is a stay away right now for considering the crowds right now. Uh 50 is probably high. That's a that's a that could be a call to action to stay away. Plus, we've got the quite effect happening. I think we might get a discount. We're going to go check that out. I feel like we have those things going in our favor right now. The fact that everybody, see all these people leaving? Everybody's leaving Frontier Land right now. Nobody's going in except for us. Uh, we got the pray going on out there plus the 50minute posted wait time which is a call to action to stay away. Uh, oh, you know, we could I wonder if the Mark Twain is open. Maybe we have a chance to do that at after cuz I don't think they're doing fantastic tonight. Tell you what though, it does not look open. I'll say that. Ooh, that doesn't look good either. Uh, the Rancho queue is pretty full right there. What do you guys think? Do you think we should pivot? I mean, I know we're trying to do a parade effect thing and we have a whole plan right now, but that looks they are loading or it looks like they're getting they're going to load that crew there. What if I were to maybe ride Big Thunder after it's still posted 50? I mean, I know that that's not 50. I know that's closer to 35 or so. Ah, let me see here. But look at that. Last departure is at 8:40, which means there's going to be one more boat out. This is not the last one. It's the second to last one, but I will miss it if I ride Big Thunder right now. But Big Thunder will be there for me possibly after. It will be my last ride. Oh my god. Now she just said bored. She said board. I can't say no. >> She said bor. >> How do you turn down such once, you know, rare magic like this? How do you turn that down? I can ride Big Thunder night anytime I want, but uh Actually, starting this coming Friday, there will be no night runs on the Mark Twain for the foreseeable future. >> Please do not sit or climb on the outside and be sure to watch your children. We don't want to be fishing anyone out of the building. Also, there should be no fires or smoking on board. Thank you. And now, here's a few words from the first mate. board the Mark Twain River Boat. I'll be your captain for this journey along the beautiful river. Just a few reminders to keep us all safe during our trip. Please do not sit or climb on the outside railings and be sure to watch your children. We don't want to be fishing anyone out of the building. Also, there should be no fires or smoking on board. Thank you. And now, here's a few words from the first mate. Legend. Next. On our trip, we'll visit the magnificent Columbia of the great Northwest, the graceful Missouri of the Windswift Plains, and the rugged Rio Grand along the border of Texas and Mexico. I'll be sure to point out interesting sites along the way and even tell you about a legend or two. >> I feel like I can say with utmost certainty that the ride on the marked way is not the same if it's not up on the third deck. Uh Texas deck I think it is. >> I mean I'm enjoying myself but I I can't help I feel restless. I want to go up to the third floor and I can't. One of those stories involves the old mansion you see over there on the hill. I've heard it said that the place is haunted, filled with 999 ghosts, ghouls, and golets. Now, they're looking for one more of a thousand. If you're brave enough to get horn and became the first American ship to carry the stars and stripes around the world. wear a real good sweat rowing one of those around the river. Me, I'll take the comfort of the Mark Twain river boat any day. America, you're in for a real treat. I've been navigating these parts for years now. The cascading waterfalls, the moose, deer, and elk along the banks. It's all so magnificent. And I do believe he's giving us a sign of peace. That means we're all clear as we head up the Missouri River to the home of the Plains Indians. That most wondrous of musical instruments, the flute. It's a legend the Lakota have passed down from generation to generation. >> Keep a close eye on the river banks. There's a good chance we might catch a glimpse of moose, mountain lions, and other wildlife. You see the ducks in the back. It's the hour of the day. rumor has it that the railroad built to haul gold out of the mountain has been seized by natural force. Just ahead is the frontier land where our journey ends. On behalf of our entire crew, I'd like to thank you for booking passage on the Mark Twain River Boat. At this time, we ask that you disembark engine. And that is 8:32. >> Could be perfect timing for Big Thunder. Has the parade effect fully taken effect? Let's go find out. We got time to get this. We can We're going to get this in. We'll be done right at around 9:00. Wait time is down to 40. The queue is, I think, shorter than it was. Let's see. They were doing a little chain maintenance back there, I noticed. And this back section is definitely not as dense as it was. Now, you notice I'm trying to finish it at 9 and I it was posted 40 and I'm still getting this queue. That shows you the confidence that I have. It won't be 40 that it's going to be closer to 25. So, 30 minutes all in and I'll be done. I think I'm going to call it right now. I'm going to be done at 9:05. That's my guess. It's 9:05. I did start a clock, but a little late. So, I just now turned it on 5 seconds ago. So, uh, but we're already off to a pretty decent start. Uh, this is, uh, I think it once you get past the threshold up there, I want to say I've done the math on this before. I want to say maybe 20 minutes. Once you pass the threshold, wait time went down to 35 minutes and we're 6 minutes to the threshold. Uh, and then I figure 20 minutes inside to the vehicle. So, we're looking at 26 minutes total gets us. Right now, we're perfectly on time for that 905. And we have mixed at 13 minutes, maybe four minutes, 5 minutes to get to our vehicle from here. So, we're going to be ahead of that uh prediction. We're going to be ahead of the 19 or 905. We might be actually before 9:00 now. How many room number nine? >> How many here? Room number eight. Wow. Heat. Heat. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. How about some dancing type Good. Got through that top part so fast. We got We went straight up the stairs, down the cube, made a left, right into the vehicle. I couldn't even show you the clock. 16 minutes. We got into our vehicle in under 16 minutes on a post at 40. And uh it is We're now leaving. I actually stopped and even did uh a little B-roll after and it's still not even 9:00 yet. 8:57 right now as I shoot a little more B-roll here. By the looks and sounds of things, we're catching the wake of paint the night right now. That worked out perfectly, you guys. That worked out so well. I'm so glad we did the Mark Twain first. I'm so glad. It actually worked out better that way. And now we're going to get to walk it out. Like I said, in that wake of paint the night on Main Street. I don't think we're going to be able to see it. Oh, actually, I can barely see it. You guys see it's just making that right turn right around the airport right now. It's turning. Uh, but we can see the crowd left behind. And we're hitting this crowd here right now at 9:08. Now, that's not the end of our night. It's the end of the show, but not the end of this night. I still got work to do. As I mentioned on the opening of the show, we're working triple duty tonight. Well, actually, I didn't mention the triple duty. We're uh shooting um pickup shots for another video, an evergreen video that we're working on. But, uh, as soon as I hit, sorry, a little too close for comfort there. As soon as I hit, uh, the entrance, I'm going to turn right back around and shoot a video for our tours departing daily channel. I've been mixing in uh, rideroughs with walk, you know, complete park walkthroughs. Some of them acoustic only, some of them with commentary. Tonight's video, I am I'm going to go commentary tonight. I think I'm going commentary. So, it's not going to be silent. I'll I'm not going to talk a lot. Just give you my feelings, whatever whatever emotional moment I'm having at the time cuz I tend to do that when I when I get when I do the acoustic videos, when I do the tourism department daily videos, I wax poetic sometimes a little more than I do when I'm cuz here like when I'm doing my uh fresh bake stuff proper, I'm a little more sciency, etc. Uh if you want to see the tender side fresh bake, tune in to Tourist Department Daily. There is a to that channel. And uh I sometimes I do these um collaborations. I I'll you'll see a collaboration linked in the video between this channel and that channel. Look out for that as well perhaps. Uh but do check it out obviously. And also as we mentioned in the outset, do please take a look at patreon.com/freshbake. Uh I shot a little bit of that video of for that channel here as well. Uh or if you prefer, you can go memberships here on YouTube. So far, it's the same content on both channels, but I'm not sure if I'm I don't know if I can do it or not because I don't want to flood the timeline because I'm making a lot of stuff for Patreon right now. I don't want to flood the timeline on this channel with a bunch of, you know, Anyway, uh we're we're working on it. We're trying to hash it out, but bottom line is you're going to get a whole bunch more content. Uh especially like behind the scenes stuff, uh more personal stuff, I guess. not even some of it non-D Disney related. Look for that. And uh thanks for joining us tonight. I hope you guys had a good time. We did good. I thought we had a great night. That went really really well. I'm happy with it. >> Uh we're walking very slowly down Main Street right now because of what's happening there. I'm I was hoping to get some video, but people are stopped to watch the back of the parade and I can't even that. Uh thanks for watching everybody. We love you. Be safe out there. Be kind to one another. Freshman.
