---
video_id: zd1x83X2nwo
channel: MickeyViews
title: "Foundations Poured at Monsters Inc. Door Factory Coaster! - Disney News"
published: 2025-12-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd1x83X2nwo
---
Coming up, foundations are poured at the Coming up, foundations are poured at the Coming up, foundations are poured at the massive site of the future Monsters Inc. massive site of the future Monsters Inc. massive site of the future Monsters Inc. Door Coaster. We take a look at the Door Coaster. We take a look at the Door Coaster. We take a look at the latest happening in the Muppets latest happening in the Muppets latest happening in the Muppets Courtyard and what's up over at Rock and Courtyard and what's up over at Rock and Courtyard and what's up over at Rock and Roller Coaster as Kermit and the gang Roller Coaster as Kermit and the gang Roller Coaster as Kermit and the gang prepare for their move across the park. prepare for their move across the park. prepare for their move across the park. All that and more on the way. This is All that and more on the way. This is All that and more on the way. This is Mickey Views News. Mickey Views News. Mickey Views News. &gt;&gt; All who come to this happy place, &gt;&gt; All who come to this happy place, &gt;&gt; All who come to this happy place, welcome. welcome. welcome. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm the king of the swingers. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm the king of the swingers. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm the king of the swingers. &gt;&gt; Our largest expansion ever. We're not &gt;&gt; Our largest expansion ever. We're not &gt;&gt; Our largest expansion ever. We're not just building one of these, we're just building one of these, we're just building one of these, we're building two. building two. building two. &gt;&gt; First up today at Disney's Hollywood &gt;&gt; First up today at Disney's Hollywood &gt;&gt; First up today at Disney's Hollywood Studios, let's get up to date on what's Studios, let's get up to date on what's Studios, let's get up to date on what's happened to our dearly beloved Muppets happened to our dearly beloved Muppets happened to our dearly beloved Muppets Courtyard. I was there in the final days Courtyard. I was there in the final days Courtyard. I was there in the final days gathering all the footage I could of gathering all the footage I could of gathering all the footage I could of Muppet Vision 3D, which I will miss. I Muppet Vision 3D, which I will miss. I Muppet Vision 3D, which I will miss. I already do miss it. It was a great show. already do miss it. It was a great show. already do miss it. It was a great show. I grabbed some pressed pennies, tried I grabbed some pressed pennies, tried I grabbed some pressed pennies, tried some questionable food made by a chef some questionable food made by a chef some questionable food made by a chef rat at the land's counter service, and rat at the land's counter service, and rat at the land's counter service, and best of all, stayed late into the night best of all, stayed late into the night best of all, stayed late into the night getting some empty photos of the area on getting some empty photos of the area on getting some empty photos of the area on medium format Kodak film. I was really medium format Kodak film. I was really medium format Kodak film. I was really happy with how those turned out. Fans happy with how those turned out. Fans happy with how those turned out. Fans showed up in droves to bid their showed up in droves to bid their showed up in droves to bid their farewells in the final days, culminating farewells in the final days, culminating farewells in the final days, culminating in that packed last day for the land. in that packed last day for the land. in that packed last day for the land. Then the walls went up and on the walls Then the walls went up and on the walls Then the walls went up and on the walls we discovered Disney had updated the we discovered Disney had updated the we discovered Disney had updated the concept art for what the land will soon concept art for what the land will soon concept art for what the land will soon become. And we made a video on what become. And we made a video on what become. And we made a video on what changed with the concept art. Replacing changed with the concept art. Replacing changed with the concept art. Replacing the Muppets will be a Monsters Inc. the Muppets will be a Monsters Inc. the Muppets will be a Monsters Inc. themed land featuring updated themed land featuring updated themed land featuring updated restaurants, a new theater show, and restaurants, a new theater show, and restaurants, a new theater show, and most notably a brand new Monsters Inc. most notably a brand new Monsters Inc. most notably a brand new Monsters Inc. Door factory roller coaster. Then the Door factory roller coaster. Then the Door factory roller coaster. Then the demolition crews got to work. First to demolition crews got to work. First to demolition crews got to work. First to go in late June were the land's trees go in late June were the land's trees go in late June were the land's trees and shrubs, outdoor seating, as well as and shrubs, outdoor seating, as well as and shrubs, outdoor seating, as well as Miss Piggy and the rest of the figures Miss Piggy and the rest of the figures Miss Piggy and the rest of the figures in the land's iconic fountain. Those in the land's iconic fountain. Those in the land's iconic fountain. Those were likely moved to storage somewhere. were likely moved to storage somewhere. were likely moved to storage somewhere. Hopefully, we see them again someday Hopefully, we see them again someday Hopefully, we see them again someday soon. Meanwhile, in the cast member soon. Meanwhile, in the cast member soon. Meanwhile, in the cast member parking, walls went up at the future parking, walls went up at the future parking, walls went up at the future site of the Monsters Inc. coaster. In site of the Monsters Inc. coaster. In site of the Monsters Inc. coaster. In July, the brick pavers were removed from July, the brick pavers were removed from July, the brick pavers were removed from the courtyard inside the existing land the courtyard inside the existing land the courtyard inside the existing land and pathway demolition began outside the and pathway demolition began outside the and pathway demolition began outside the land's counter service. Backstage, cast land's counter service. Backstage, cast land's counter service. Backstage, cast member parking was removed and the member parking was removed and the member parking was removed and the general footprint of the Monsters Inc. general footprint of the Monsters Inc. general footprint of the Monsters Inc. Coaster ride building became visible for Coaster ride building became visible for Coaster ride building became visible for the first time in the aerials. More the first time in the aerials. More the first time in the aerials. More pathway was dug up in the Muppets pathway was dug up in the Muppets pathway was dug up in the Muppets courtyard. And in late July, the long courtyard. And in late July, the long courtyard. And in late July, the long underutilized Stage One Company store underutilized Stage One Company store underutilized Stage One Company store building in the Muppet's courtyard was building in the Muppet's courtyard was building in the Muppet's courtyard was completely leveled. This was a cool completely leveled. This was a cool completely leveled. This was a cool moment in one respect, as for the first moment in one respect, as for the first moment in one respect, as for the first time, we got to see how the courtyard time, we got to see how the courtyard time, we got to see how the courtyard area will look when it becomes area will look when it becomes area will look when it becomes Monstropolis, at least in terms of its Monstropolis, at least in terms of its Monstropolis, at least in terms of its layout, where you are going to have a layout, where you are going to have a layout, where you are going to have a much more open space visually. And it much more open space visually. And it much more open space visually. And it actually looks quite nice. You'll be actually looks quite nice. You'll be actually looks quite nice. You'll be able to stand at the entrance to the able to stand at the entrance to the able to stand at the entrance to the land and clearly see all of the land and clearly see all of the land and clearly see all of the attractions in the land, everything it attractions in the land, everything it attractions in the land, everything it has to offer. You'll be able to see that has to offer. You'll be able to see that has to offer. You'll be able to see that all much better now that that gift shop all much better now that that gift shop all much better now that that gift shop is out of the way. Of course, though, is out of the way. Of course, though, is out of the way. Of course, though, these facads, they're going to be these facads, they're going to be these facads, they're going to be changing as part of the re-imagined changing as part of the re-imagined changing as part of the re-imagined land. Cleanup on the demolished shop, as land. Cleanup on the demolished shop, as land. Cleanup on the demolished shop, as well as some more pathway demolition in well as some more pathway demolition in well as some more pathway demolition in August, soon left us with a cleared site August, soon left us with a cleared site August, soon left us with a cleared site at Muppet's courtyard. Behind Muppets, at Muppet's courtyard. Behind Muppets, at Muppet's courtyard. Behind Muppets, excavation work took place to install a excavation work took place to install a excavation work took place to install a new drainage system back there. The back new drainage system back there. The back new drainage system back there. The back gates of the Muppets courtyard itself, gates of the Muppets courtyard itself, gates of the Muppets courtyard itself, those were removed as well, where in the those were removed as well, where in the those were removed as well, where in the future there's going to be new guest future there's going to be new guest future there's going to be new guest area and new guest pathway extending area and new guest pathway extending area and new guest pathway extending back there leading to the door coaster. back there leading to the door coaster. back there leading to the door coaster. Excavation continued behind Muppets Excavation continued behind Muppets Excavation continued behind Muppets throughout September at the Door Coaster throughout September at the Door Coaster throughout September at the Door Coaster site with the notable arrival of a site with the notable arrival of a site with the notable arrival of a foundation rig, which as the name foundation rig, which as the name foundation rig, which as the name suggests was there to get work started suggests was there to get work started suggests was there to get work started on drilling the holes for the piles that on drilling the holes for the piles that on drilling the holes for the piles that in the future will secure the building. in the future will secure the building. in the future will secure the building. In September, a mysterious circle was In September, a mysterious circle was In September, a mysterious circle was excavated at the former site of the excavated at the former site of the excavated at the former site of the Muppets Fountain and marked off. Based Muppets Fountain and marked off. Based Muppets Fountain and marked off. Based on the art, we can draw that a new on the art, we can draw that a new on the art, we can draw that a new fountain will sit in the same spot when fountain will sit in the same spot when fountain will sit in the same spot when the new land opens. With all that the new land opens. With all that the new land opens. With all that progress in context, we can now take a progress in context, we can now take a progress in context, we can now take a look at the latest aerials Bio look at the latest aerials Bio look at the latest aerials Bio Reconstruct captured last week, giving Reconstruct captured last week, giving Reconstruct captured last week, giving us a great look at the current state of us a great look at the current state of us a great look at the current state of the project. Most notably, behind the the project. Most notably, behind the the project. Most notably, behind the Muppets courtyard out in the former cast Muppets courtyard out in the former cast Muppets courtyard out in the former cast member parking, the foundations are now member parking, the foundations are now member parking, the foundations are now being poured at the site of the Door being poured at the site of the Door being poured at the site of the Door Factory coaster as we speak. And what Factory coaster as we speak. And what Factory coaster as we speak. And what we're seeing here is a little more we're seeing here is a little more we're seeing here is a little more noteworthy than, oh, Disney poured some noteworthy than, oh, Disney poured some noteworthy than, oh, Disney poured some concrete. They're starting work on the concrete. They're starting work on the concrete. They're starting work on the slab. First of all, they've only poured slab. First of all, they've only poured slab. First of all, they've only poured one small section of the slab at the one small section of the slab at the one small section of the slab at the time of this aerial when this photo is time of this aerial when this photo is time of this aerial when this photo is taken. And those concrete pilings that taken. And those concrete pilings that taken. And those concrete pilings that you see in the other areas that are you see in the other areas that are you see in the other areas that are still dirt, that is not a sign of the still dirt, that is not a sign of the still dirt, that is not a sign of the coaster layout or anything else for that coaster layout or anything else for that coaster layout or anything else for that matter. Those concrete piles are part of matter. Those concrete piles are part of matter. Those concrete piles are part of the foundation. They get cut down to the the foundation. They get cut down to the the foundation. They get cut down to the proper level and then secure what looks proper level and then secure what looks proper level and then secure what looks to be, judging by that first piece, a to be, judging by that first piece, a to be, judging by that first piece, a totally plain slab. The reason this slab totally plain slab. The reason this slab totally plain slab. The reason this slab design is notable is because this is a design is notable is because this is a design is notable is because this is a different construction method than what different construction method than what different construction method than what we saw with Walt Disney World's last two we saw with Walt Disney World's last two we saw with Walt Disney World's last two coasters, Guardians of the Galaxy and coasters, Guardians of the Galaxy and coasters, Guardians of the Galaxy and Tron Light Cycle Run. During the Tron Light Cycle Run. During the Tron Light Cycle Run. During the previous major wave of investment at previous major wave of investment at previous major wave of investment at Walt Disney World in the second half of Walt Disney World in the second half of Walt Disney World in the second half of the 2010s, you may recall Disney did the 2010s, you may recall Disney did the 2010s, you may recall Disney did something pretty fancy with those two something pretty fancy with those two something pretty fancy with those two coasters when they were building them coasters when they were building them coasters when they were building them where before they poured any concrete, where before they poured any concrete, where before they poured any concrete, they determined where every single they determined where every single they determined where every single mounting point needed to be for the mounting point needed to be for the mounting point needed to be for the coaster columns. They installed hundreds coaster columns. They installed hundreds coaster columns. They installed hundreds of anchorbolt cages and then they cast of anchorbolt cages and then they cast of anchorbolt cages and then they cast all of that hardware into the slab all of that hardware into the slab all of that hardware into the slab itself by doing those herculean itself by doing those herculean itself by doing those herculean overnight pores where hundreds and overnight pores where hundreds and overnight pores where hundreds and hundreds of trucks of concrete were all hundreds of trucks of concrete were all hundreds of trucks of concrete were all sent in at once all hands on deck sent in at once all hands on deck sent in at once all hands on deck pouring the foundations over the course pouring the foundations over the course pouring the foundations over the course of a single night at which point the of a single night at which point the of a single night at which point the locations for all of those coaster locations for all of those coaster locations for all of those coaster mounting points they were literally set mounting points they were literally set mounting points they were literally set in stone. Walt Disney Imagineers in stone. Walt Disney Imagineers in stone. Walt Disney Imagineers highlighted in National Geographic's highlighted in National Geographic's highlighted in National Geographic's video on the transformation of Epcot video on the transformation of Epcot video on the transformation of Epcot that each of those mounts had to be that each of those mounts had to be that each of those mounts had to be correct within a 5mimeter tolerance correct within a 5mimeter tolerance correct within a 5mimeter tolerance where if those mounts were off by more where if those mounts were off by more where if those mounts were off by more than that and if you compound that with than that and if you compound that with than that and if you compound that with all the other ones if they're a little all the other ones if they're a little all the other ones if they're a little bit off when the coaster pieces were bit off when the coaster pieces were bit off when the coaster pieces were assembled if that wasn't all lined up it assembled if that wasn't all lined up it assembled if that wasn't all lined up it wouldn't fit together right. So needless wouldn't fit together right. So needless wouldn't fit together right. So needless to say this was a very ambitious way of to say this was a very ambitious way of to say this was a very ambitious way of doing it. And getting back to the doing it. And getting back to the doing it. And getting back to the Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster here. Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster here. Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster here. It looks like Disney is trying a It looks like Disney is trying a It looks like Disney is trying a different method with the coaster slab different method with the coaster slab different method with the coaster slab this time where they are pouring it in this time where they are pouring it in this time where they are pouring it in smaller sections and then it looks like smaller sections and then it looks like smaller sections and then it looks like they're going to be adding the mounts they're going to be adding the mounts they're going to be adding the mounts for all of the vertical pieces of the for all of the vertical pieces of the for all of the vertical pieces of the coaster afterwards. Whatever the case, coaster afterwards. Whatever the case, coaster afterwards. Whatever the case, the headline here is the foundations at the headline here is the foundations at the headline here is the foundations at the Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster the Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster the Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster are going in as we speak. Shovels are are going in as we speak. Shovels are are going in as we speak. Shovels are most certainly in the ground at this most certainly in the ground at this most certainly in the ground at this point as parks chairman Josh Dearo Long point as parks chairman Josh Dearo Long point as parks chairman Josh Dearo Long promised us. Now concrete is in the promised us. Now concrete is in the promised us. Now concrete is in the ground as well. The building it looks ground as well. The building it looks ground as well. The building it looks like it is going to be massive. And like it is going to be massive. And like it is going to be massive. And because we can't see the mounts just yet because we can't see the mounts just yet because we can't see the mounts just yet for the coaster columns, we don't have for the coaster columns, we don't have for the coaster columns, we don't have much of any visual clue in the aerials much of any visual clue in the aerials much of any visual clue in the aerials as far as the exact ride layout is as far as the exact ride layout is as far as the exact ride layout is concerned. That said, we do have some concerned. That said, we do have some concerned. That said, we do have some other hints towards what that is going other hints towards what that is going other hints towards what that is going to look like. Taking a look at the to look like. Taking a look at the to look like. Taking a look at the latest work happening nearby in the latest work happening nearby in the latest work happening nearby in the future Monstropolis itself in the former future Monstropolis itself in the former future Monstropolis itself in the former Muppets courtyard. Utility work is Muppets courtyard. Utility work is Muppets courtyard. Utility work is continuing in the land. There's not a continuing in the land. There's not a continuing in the land. There's not a whole lot new to see from the aerials, whole lot new to see from the aerials, whole lot new to see from the aerials, but from inside the park, guests have but from inside the park, guests have but from inside the park, guests have been noticing gradual changes to the been noticing gradual changes to the been noticing gradual changes to the former Muppets Theater facade. The former Muppets Theater facade. The former Muppets Theater facade. The waittime signage was removed. Then the waittime signage was removed. Then the waittime signage was removed. Then the Muppet Vision marquee signage was Muppet Vision marquee signage was Muppet Vision marquee signage was removed as well. Recently, the shutters removed as well. Recently, the shutters removed as well. Recently, the shutters of the faux windows that you had up of the faux windows that you had up of the faux windows that you had up there, those were removed from the there, those were removed from the there, those were removed from the facade. And now the window sills facade. And now the window sills facade. And now the window sills themselves are being demolished. So themselves are being demolished. So themselves are being demolished. So that's the status of the project right that's the status of the project right that's the status of the project right now from onsite. Next up will be the now from onsite. Next up will be the now from onsite. Next up will be the completion of the slab backstage and the completion of the slab backstage and the completion of the slab backstage and the new coaster building going vertical, new coaster building going vertical, new coaster building going vertical, which will be very exciting. Also, keep which will be very exciting. Also, keep which will be very exciting. Also, keep in mind there's more work that we can't in mind there's more work that we can't in mind there's more work that we can't see from the aerials or from the guest see from the aerials or from the guest see from the aerials or from the guest views. There's work that's going on views. There's work that's going on views. There's work that's going on inside the remaining Muppets buildings inside the remaining Muppets buildings inside the remaining Muppets buildings with Disney filing permits for PCL with Disney filing permits for PCL with Disney filing permits for PCL construction to commence work inside construction to commence work inside construction to commence work inside Mama Melro's for example, which is Mama Melro's for example, which is Mama Melro's for example, which is slated to become the sushi restaurant slated to become the sushi restaurant slated to become the sushi restaurant from the original film based on the most from the original film based on the most from the original film based on the most recent concept art we have for the land. recent concept art we have for the land. recent concept art we have for the land. Aside from the work happening on site, Aside from the work happening on site, Aside from the work happening on site, there's also the project development there's also the project development there's also the project development side of things where there are some side of things where there are some side of things where there are some recent developments. Most notable of recent developments. Most notable of recent developments. Most notable of these, you've probably heard we have an these, you've probably heard we have an these, you've probably heard we have an official name for this new Monsters Inc. official name for this new Monsters Inc. official name for this new Monsters Inc. land, which isn't Monsters Inc. Land, it land, which isn't Monsters Inc. Land, it land, which isn't Monsters Inc. Land, it is Monropolis. Disney first teased the is Monropolis. Disney first teased the is Monropolis. Disney first teased the name in a Disney parks blog post back in name in a Disney parks blog post back in name in a Disney parks blog post back in March, but we weren't sure if that March, but we weren't sure if that March, but we weren't sure if that really meant anything or if that was really meant anything or if that was really meant anything or if that was just copy. Then on October 10th, Disney just copy. Then on October 10th, Disney just copy. Then on October 10th, Disney filed a trademark application for the filed a trademark application for the filed a trademark application for the name Monstropolis to be used in their name Monstropolis to be used in their name Monstropolis to be used in their theme parks. And sure enough, in the new theme parks. And sure enough, in the new theme parks. And sure enough, in the new Imagineering exhibit that is now on Imagineering exhibit that is now on Imagineering exhibit that is now on display inside Walt Disney Presents at display inside Walt Disney Presents at display inside Walt Disney Presents at Disney's Hollywood Studios, the Monsters Disney's Hollywood Studios, the Monsters Disney's Hollywood Studios, the Monsters Inc. display, the title there that you Inc. display, the title there that you Inc. display, the title there that you see in that area is indeed Monstropolis. see in that area is indeed Monstropolis. see in that area is indeed Monstropolis. So it looks like we have a logo here as So it looks like we have a logo here as So it looks like we have a logo here as well. So, we've got the name. We've got well. So, we've got the name. We've got well. So, we've got the name. We've got the bird's eyee view of the planned the bird's eyee view of the planned the bird's eyee view of the planned land. Some early renders of what the land. Some early renders of what the land. Some early renders of what the courtyard will look like from guest courtyard will look like from guest courtyard will look like from guest level. Renderings of the door factory level. Renderings of the door factory level. Renderings of the door factory facade, the layout of the door factory facade, the layout of the door factory facade, the layout of the door factory building itself, utility drawings, a building itself, utility drawings, a building itself, utility drawings, a render inside the load area where after render inside the load area where after render inside the load area where after loading you will head up several stories loading you will head up several stories loading you will head up several stories into the air before whisking off into into the air before whisking off into into the air before whisking off into the experience. There's even more. Like the experience. There's even more. Like the experience. There's even more. Like for example, there is a firm that Disney for example, there is a firm that Disney for example, there is a firm that Disney has tapped to create the animations of has tapped to create the animations of has tapped to create the animations of the door factory which will be projected the door factory which will be projected the door factory which will be projected around you during the attraction. On around you during the attraction. On around you during the attraction. On their website, that firm, they've listed their website, that firm, they've listed their website, that firm, they've listed the attraction as one that they are the attraction as one that they are the attraction as one that they are providing animation services for. That providing animation services for. That providing animation services for. That firm is an independent computer graphics firm is an independent computer graphics firm is an independent computer graphics studio in Canada. Disney should build studio in Canada. Disney should build studio in Canada. Disney should build their own animation studio or acquire their own animation studio or acquire their own animation studio or acquire one and have them do the animation for one and have them do the animation for one and have them do the animation for their parks. It can all be like their parks. It can all be like their parks. It can all be like vertically integrated. Wait a second. vertically integrated. Wait a second. vertically integrated. Wait a second. Part of why I just reiterated everything Part of why I just reiterated everything Part of why I just reiterated everything that we know thus far besides getting that we know thus far besides getting that we know thus far besides getting everyone up to speed is there is one everyone up to speed is there is one everyone up to speed is there is one major experience in the land that we major experience in the land that we major experience in the land that we don't have much detail on and that is don't have much detail on and that is don't have much detail on and that is what's replacing Muppet Vision 3D. what's replacing Muppet Vision 3D. what's replacing Muppet Vision 3D. Speculation based on art and hearsay is Speculation based on art and hearsay is Speculation based on art and hearsay is that it will have something to do with that it will have something to do with that it will have something to do with Mike Wisowski. It'll be Mike Wisowski Mike Wisowski. It'll be Mike Wisowski Mike Wisowski. It'll be Mike Wisowski Centric. All Disney's provided at this Centric. All Disney's provided at this Centric. All Disney's provided at this hour is that the theater will be home to hour is that the theater will be home to hour is that the theater will be home to a Monsters Inc. themed theatrical a Monsters Inc. themed theatrical a Monsters Inc. themed theatrical experience. So is that a musical? Is experience. So is that a musical? Is experience. So is that a musical? Is that something more like over at that something more like over at that something more like over at Zootopia uh at Disney's Animal Kingdom Zootopia uh at Disney's Animal Kingdom Zootopia uh at Disney's Animal Kingdom they recently did with the animatronic? they recently did with the animatronic? they recently did with the animatronic? Is it going to be something more Is it going to be something more Is it going to be something more interactive like the laugh floor? We interactive like the laugh floor? We interactive like the laugh floor? We don't know for sure just yet. And you don't know for sure just yet. And you don't know for sure just yet. And you know, it really does make you think know, it really does make you think know, it really does make you think about why they got rid of Muppet Vision about why they got rid of Muppet Vision about why they got rid of Muppet Vision the result of that show gaining the the result of that show gaining the the result of that show gaining the label. Walt Disney World President Jeff label. Walt Disney World President Jeff label. Walt Disney World President Jeff Voli throughout in his recent Orlando Voli throughout in his recent Orlando Voli throughout in his recent Orlando Magazine profile, an underutilized area, Magazine profile, an underutilized area, Magazine profile, an underutilized area, wanting to bring new life to an wanting to bring new life to an wanting to bring new life to an underutilized area. So, it seems like underutilized area. So, it seems like underutilized area. So, it seems like that's what happened to Muppet Vision that's what happened to Muppet Vision that's what happened to Muppet Vision area was underutilized. And park area was underutilized. And park area was underutilized. And park operations thinking this, they know operations thinking this, they know operations thinking this, they know better than us, tracking where all the better than us, tracking where all the better than us, tracking where all the guests are in the park, what they're guests are in the park, what they're guests are in the park, what they're doing, what they're not doing. They're doing, what they're not doing. They're doing, what they're not doing. They're probably right about that. And the probably right about that. And the probably right about that. And the reason they could be right about that, I reason they could be right about that, I reason they could be right about that, I think, is because ever since they added think, is because ever since they added think, is because ever since they added Galaxy's Edge, even back when they Galaxy's Edge, even back when they Galaxy's Edge, even back when they started work on it, the Muppets area started work on it, the Muppets area started work on it, the Muppets area started to see less foot traffic. And started to see less foot traffic. And started to see less foot traffic. And why is that? Are the Muppets old news? why is that? Are the Muppets old news? why is that? Are the Muppets old news? Does nobody like the Muppets anymore? Does nobody like the Muppets anymore? Does nobody like the Muppets anymore? Well, it seems to have a lot more to do Well, it seems to have a lot more to do Well, it seems to have a lot more to do with the fact that the area, it became a with the fact that the area, it became a with the fact that the area, it became a dead end in the park. You used to be dead end in the park. You used to be dead end in the park. You used to be able to walk through the Muppets area able to walk through the Muppets area able to walk through the Muppets area onto other attractions back to Light onto other attractions back to Light onto other attractions back to Light Motors Action. But then once they put Motors Action. But then once they put Motors Action. But then once they put Galaxy's Edge over there, there was Galaxy's Edge over there, there was Galaxy's Edge over there, there was really nothing drawing people off to the really nothing drawing people off to the really nothing drawing people off to the side. The uninitiated guest off to the side. The uninitiated guest off to the side. The uninitiated guest off to the side deep into this Muppets's Land. All side deep into this Muppets's Land. All side deep into this Muppets's Land. All that was in the very back was a that was in the very back was a that was in the very back was a restaurant that most people they already restaurant that most people they already restaurant that most people they already knew about, you know, they had a knew about, you know, they had a knew about, you know, they had a reservation for it, things like that. reservation for it, things like that. reservation for it, things like that. And then there was a gate going back to And then there was a gate going back to And then there was a gate going back to the cast member parking, right? There the cast member parking, right? There the cast member parking, right? There really wasn't a whole lot going on really wasn't a whole lot going on really wasn't a whole lot going on drawing the uninitiated guest deep into drawing the uninitiated guest deep into drawing the uninitiated guest deep into the land. And now what we're looking at the land. And now what we're looking at the land. And now what we're looking at today is Disney pouring the foundations today is Disney pouring the foundations today is Disney pouring the foundations for exactly that. A major attendance for exactly that. A major attendance for exactly that. A major attendance draw, a major new attraction, an draw, a major new attraction, an draw, a major new attraction, an enormous new ride, the Monsters Door enormous new ride, the Monsters Door enormous new ride, the Monsters Door Factory coaster going way behind the Factory coaster going way behind the Factory coaster going way behind the back of that land. So if the problem back of that land. So if the problem back of that land. So if the problem with Muppet Vision 3D was not enough with Muppet Vision 3D was not enough with Muppet Vision 3D was not enough attendance or not enough foot traffic in attendance or not enough foot traffic in attendance or not enough foot traffic in that area, well, adding the roller that area, well, adding the roller that area, well, adding the roller coaster will fix all of that almost for coaster will fix all of that almost for coaster will fix all of that almost for sure. Soon you'll have to walk past all sure. Soon you'll have to walk past all sure. Soon you'll have to walk past all of that stuff in the land to get to the of that stuff in the land to get to the of that stuff in the land to get to the hottest new ride when this door factory hottest new ride when this door factory hottest new ride when this door factory opens. So, it makes me wonder, could opens. So, it makes me wonder, could opens. So, it makes me wonder, could they have kept the good show that a lot they have kept the good show that a lot they have kept the good show that a lot of people really really liked and I of people really really liked and I of people really really liked and I think really captures the imagination think really captures the imagination think really captures the imagination and entertains the uninitiated guests and entertains the uninitiated guests and entertains the uninitiated guests who don't even know to expect it. Kept who don't even know to expect it. Kept who don't even know to expect it. Kept that whole area, that well- themed that whole area, that well- themed that whole area, that well- themed Muppets area, perhaps gotten rid of the Muppets area, perhaps gotten rid of the Muppets area, perhaps gotten rid of the gift shop to open up the area so you can gift shop to open up the area so you can gift shop to open up the area so you can see everything inside of it. And then see everything inside of it. And then see everything inside of it. And then just added that Monsters Inc. Door just added that Monsters Inc. Door just added that Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster back there. Why did they factory coaster back there. Why did they factory coaster back there. Why did they not do that? Is this a Wizarding World not do that? Is this a Wizarding World not do that? Is this a Wizarding World contagion effect here where there is now contagion effect here where there is now contagion effect here where there is now this impulse by Disney ever since the this impulse by Disney ever since the this impulse by Disney ever since the Wizarding World of Harry Potter to make Wizarding World of Harry Potter to make Wizarding World of Harry Potter to make everything a land once you're already everything a land once you're already everything a land once you're already putting a lot of money into something putting a lot of money into something putting a lot of money into something and thus they've created a new challenge and thus they've created a new challenge and thus they've created a new challenge of now they have to create something new of now they have to create something new of now they have to create something new to somehow top Muppet Vision 3D in the to somehow top Muppet Vision 3D in the to somehow top Muppet Vision 3D in the Muppets theater and that's a high bar to Muppets theater and that's a high bar to Muppets theater and that's a high bar to reach that'll prove challenging to meet. reach that'll prove challenging to meet. reach that'll prove challenging to meet. Of course, Jim Henson and many of the Of course, Jim Henson and many of the Of course, Jim Henson and many of the legendary Imagineers worked on that legendary Imagineers worked on that legendary Imagineers worked on that previous show. I just feel pre- previous show. I just feel pre- previous show. I just feel pre- Wizarding World, Disney would have just Wizarding World, Disney would have just Wizarding World, Disney would have just added a Monsters Inc. area past Muppets added a Monsters Inc. area past Muppets added a Monsters Inc. area past Muppets because regardless, people are going to because regardless, people are going to because regardless, people are going to say, "Have you done the new Door Factory say, "Have you done the new Door Factory say, "Have you done the new Door Factory coaster yet? Have you ridden the new coaster yet? Have you ridden the new coaster yet? Have you ridden the new ride?" That's what's going to draw ride?" That's what's going to draw ride?" That's what's going to draw people to Walt Disney World and to that people to Walt Disney World and to that people to Walt Disney World and to that park and to that area. Not have you seen park and to that area. Not have you seen park and to that area. Not have you seen the new show at the Glob Theater next to the new show at the Glob Theater next to the new show at the Glob Theater next to the coaster yet? You have to plan a the coaster yet? You have to plan a the coaster yet? You have to plan a trip. You have to get on that. Go on trip. You have to get on that. Go on trip. You have to get on that. Go on Walt Disney World site right now and Walt Disney World site right now and Walt Disney World site right now and spend a million dollars. That is not spend a million dollars. That is not spend a million dollars. That is not what is going to be the draw. It is the what is going to be the draw. It is the what is going to be the draw. It is the coaster. Whether you brand it as a new coaster. Whether you brand it as a new coaster. Whether you brand it as a new land or just a new attraction, a whole land or just a new attraction, a whole land or just a new attraction, a whole new group of visitors are headed to that new group of visitors are headed to that new group of visitors are headed to that park. They are going to be descending on park. They are going to be descending on park. They are going to be descending on that park regardless to check out Walt that park regardless to check out Walt that park regardless to check out Walt Disney World's newest coaster. And if Disney World's newest coaster. And if Disney World's newest coaster. And if you had kept the Muppets Courtyard, all you had kept the Muppets Courtyard, all you had kept the Muppets Courtyard, all the people headed there for the new the people headed there for the new the people headed there for the new Monsters Inc. attraction, they would Monsters Inc. attraction, they would Monsters Inc. attraction, they would have found Muppet Vision 3D along the have found Muppet Vision 3D along the have found Muppet Vision 3D along the way. And I really think that you would way. And I really think that you would way. And I really think that you would have seen the attendance problem have seen the attendance problem have seen the attendance problem evaporate at that attraction. It would evaporate at that attraction. It would evaporate at that attraction. It would have also made the project cheaper or have also made the project cheaper or have also made the project cheaper or allocated more money, more resources allocated more money, more resources allocated more money, more resources towards making the coaster itself the towards making the coaster itself the towards making the coaster itself the best that it can be, more practical sets best that it can be, more practical sets best that it can be, more practical sets and things like that. It would have and things like that. It would have and things like that. It would have retained what's already working while retained what's already working while retained what's already working while bringing in way more attendance while bringing in way more attendance while bringing in way more attendance while bringing in a new draw with the coaster bringing in a new draw with the coaster bringing in a new draw with the coaster that forces guests to pass everything that forces guests to pass everything that forces guests to pass everything that you have in the Muppets Courtyard that you have in the Muppets Courtyard that you have in the Muppets Courtyard area. Just a thought that I wanted to area. Just a thought that I wanted to area. Just a thought that I wanted to throw out there. It is definitely water throw out there. It is definitely water throw out there. It is definitely water under the bridge at this point, but under the bridge at this point, but under the bridge at this point, but definitely something that I think should definitely something that I think should definitely something that I think should be noted for the future where not be noted for the future where not be noted for the future where not everything needs to be a land. So, the everything needs to be a land. So, the everything needs to be a land. So, the Muppets created this underutilized area, Muppets created this underutilized area, Muppets created this underutilized area, right? Out with Muppets. They're not right? Out with Muppets. They're not right? Out with Muppets. They're not bringing in the crowds. In with bringing in the crowds. In with bringing in the crowds. In with Monsters, Inc., right? Well, actually, Monsters, Inc., right? Well, actually, Monsters, Inc., right? Well, actually, no. Because despite all of this no. Because despite all of this no. Because despite all of this demolition, the Muppets are staying at demolition, the Muppets are staying at demolition, the Muppets are staying at Disney's Hollywood Studios, moving Disney's Hollywood Studios, moving Disney's Hollywood Studios, moving across the park, and getting another across the park, and getting another across the park, and getting another attraction. Taking a look at where the attraction. Taking a look at where the attraction. Taking a look at where the Muppets are moving, Disney has announced Muppets are moving, Disney has announced Muppets are moving, Disney has announced their new attraction will be opening their new attraction will be opening their new attraction will be opening actually quite soon, summer 2026, where actually quite soon, summer 2026, where actually quite soon, summer 2026, where the Muppet Gang will be replacing the Muppet Gang will be replacing the Muppet Gang will be replacing Aerosmith as the stars of Rock and Aerosmith as the stars of Rock and Aerosmith as the stars of Rock and Roller Coaster on Sunset Boulevard. Roller Coaster on Sunset Boulevard. Roller Coaster on Sunset Boulevard. Disney says, quote, "Across town at Disney says, quote, "Across town at Disney says, quote, "Across town at GeForce Records, we're treated to a VIP GeForce Records, we're treated to a VIP GeForce Records, we're treated to a VIP tour of the legendary Rock and Roll tour of the legendary Rock and Roll tour of the legendary Rock and Roll Recording Studio. Things might look a Recording Studio. Things might look a Recording Studio. Things might look a little different around this Hollywood little different around this Hollywood little different around this Hollywood institution as the label has recently institution as the label has recently institution as the label has recently come under new management, the Muppets. come under new management, the Muppets. come under new management, the Muppets. For fans of that hilariously big guitar For fans of that hilariously big guitar For fans of that hilariously big guitar out front, you'll be stoked to know that out front, you'll be stoked to know that out front, you'll be stoked to know that the newest residents of rock and roller the newest residents of rock and roller the newest residents of rock and roller coaster are putting their own spin on coaster are putting their own spin on coaster are putting their own spin on that ruby red paint job. A vibrant and that ruby red paint job. A vibrant and that ruby red paint job. A vibrant and psychedelic new design will grace the psychedelic new design will grace the psychedelic new design will grace the bottom of the guitar inspired by a bottom of the guitar inspired by a bottom of the guitar inspired by a classic Muppet car paint job. and the classic Muppet car paint job. and the classic Muppet car paint job. and the piano motif at the bass will feature a piano motif at the bass will feature a piano motif at the bass will feature a golden key as a nod to a certain far out golden key as a nod to a certain far out golden key as a nod to a certain far out band leader. With your VIP passes, band leader. With your VIP passes, band leader. With your VIP passes, you'll be welcomed inside the recording you'll be welcomed inside the recording you'll be welcomed inside the recording studio where, wouldn't you know it, studio where, wouldn't you know it, studio where, wouldn't you know it, you'll find the electric mayhem are you'll find the electric mayhem are you'll find the electric mayhem are cranking out some seriously rocking cranking out some seriously rocking cranking out some seriously rocking tunes. along with the finest audio tunes. along with the finest audio tunes. along with the finest audio engineers, All Penguins, of course, will engineers, All Penguins, of course, will engineers, All Penguins, of course, will see Scooter doing his best to convince see Scooter doing his best to convince see Scooter doing his best to convince Electric Mayhem to stop jamming and get Electric Mayhem to stop jamming and get Electric Mayhem to stop jamming and get to their increasingly restless fans. But to their increasingly restless fans. But to their increasingly restless fans. But will it be enough to get the band across will it be enough to get the band across will it be enough to get the band across town and on stage in time? With the help town and on stage in time? With the help town and on stage in time? With the help of our friends at Muppet Labs and a very of our friends at Muppet Labs and a very of our friends at Muppet Labs and a very fast limousine, we're taking a twisting, fast limousine, we're taking a twisting, fast limousine, we're taking a twisting, turning, and screamingly fun road trip turning, and screamingly fun road trip turning, and screamingly fun road trip across Hollywood to reach the concert in across Hollywood to reach the concert in across Hollywood to reach the concert in time. The iconic scenery and landmarks time. The iconic scenery and landmarks time. The iconic scenery and landmarks of Tinsel Town will feature a Muppet of Tinsel Town will feature a Muppet of Tinsel Town will feature a Muppet twist when the attraction debuts in the twist when the attraction debuts in the twist when the attraction debuts in the summer of 2026. So, that's the latest summer of 2026. So, that's the latest summer of 2026. So, that's the latest art and the details straight from art and the details straight from art and the details straight from Disney, giving us a look at the cosmetic Disney, giving us a look at the cosmetic Disney, giving us a look at the cosmetic updates that will soon make their way to updates that will soon make their way to updates that will soon make their way to Rock and Roller Coaster, transforming it Rock and Roller Coaster, transforming it Rock and Roller Coaster, transforming it into Rock and Roller Coaster, starring into Rock and Roller Coaster, starring into Rock and Roller Coaster, starring the Muppets. Despite the official summer the Muppets. Despite the official summer the Muppets. Despite the official summer the current version hasn't closed yet. the current version hasn't closed yet. the current version hasn't closed yet. The Aerosmith version Disney has just The Aerosmith version Disney has just The Aerosmith version Disney has just announced will have its final day of announced will have its final day of announced will have its final day of operation on March 1st, 2026. And very operation on March 1st, 2026. And very operation on March 1st, 2026. And very interesting is that despite the current interesting is that despite the current interesting is that despite the current attraction still running, the attraction still running, the attraction still running, the reimagining, the Muppets reimagining has reimagining, the Muppets reimagining has reimagining, the Muppets reimagining has already begun. How can this be? Well, already begun. How can this be? Well, already begun. How can this be? Well, this past week, Disney permanently this past week, Disney permanently this past week, Disney permanently closed the Aerosmith pre-show with new closed the Aerosmith pre-show with new closed the Aerosmith pre-show with new temporary theming obscuring the windows temporary theming obscuring the windows temporary theming obscuring the windows into the pre-show itself. Disney says into the pre-show itself. Disney says into the pre-show itself. Disney says they closed the pre-show early so they they closed the pre-show early so they they closed the pre-show early so they can get started on what we just saw in can get started on what we just saw in can get started on what we just saw in that art with the new updated pre-show that art with the new updated pre-show that art with the new updated pre-show while the existing attraction remains while the existing attraction remains while the existing attraction remains open, meaning the coaster itself can open, meaning the coaster itself can open, meaning the coaster itself can stay open a little longer and thus stay open a little longer and thus stay open a little longer and thus overall we will see a shorter downtime. overall we will see a shorter downtime. overall we will see a shorter downtime. So, if you're headed to Walt Disney So, if you're headed to Walt Disney So, if you're headed to Walt Disney World in early 2026, you'll get the last World in early 2026, you'll get the last World in early 2026, you'll get the last chance to ride the Aerosmith version of chance to ride the Aerosmith version of chance to ride the Aerosmith version of this coaster, which closes March 2nd, this coaster, which closes March 2nd, this coaster, which closes March 2nd, last day to catch this attraction before last day to catch this attraction before last day to catch this attraction before it heads out the door. And then the it heads out the door. And then the it heads out the door. And then the Muppets version will open next summer. Muppets version will open next summer. Muppets version will open next summer. Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss future developments on Monstropolis, the future developments on Monstropolis, the future developments on Monstropolis, the Muppets update to Rock and Roller Muppets update to Rock and Roller Muppets update to Rock and Roller Coaster, and the litany of other Coaster, and the litany of other Coaster, and the litany of other projects getting underway across the projects getting underway across the projects getting underway across the Walt Disney World Resort as we speak. I Walt Disney World Resort as we speak. I Walt Disney World Resort as we speak. I hope you guys are getting ready for hope you guys are getting ready for hope you guys are getting ready for Christmas, winding down for the year. Christmas, winding down for the year. Christmas, winding down for the year. Personally, I still have some work to Personally, I still have some work to Personally, I still have some work to do, getting caught up with the news at do, getting caught up with the news at do, getting caught up with the news at every park at Walt Disney World. We have every park at Walt Disney World. We have every park at Walt Disney World. We have videos up on the latest at the Magic videos up on the latest at the Magic videos up on the latest at the Magic Kingdom in Epcot, so be sure to check Kingdom in Epcot, so be sure to check Kingdom in Epcot, so be sure to check those out if you haven't already. And those out if you haven't already. And those out if you haven't already. And stay tuned because we have lots to get stay tuned because we have lots to get stay tuned because we have lots to get to over at Disney's Animal Kingdom, to over at Disney's Animal Kingdom, to over at Disney's Animal Kingdom, which is the rarest park to receive a which is the rarest park to receive a which is the rarest park to receive a dedicated Mickeys news episode. So, dedicated Mickeys news episode. So, dedicated Mickeys news episode. So, it'll be very cool to see what's going it'll be very cool to see what's going it'll be very cool to see what's going on over there. And there is a lot. If on over there. And there is a lot. If on over there. And there is a lot. If you enjoyed this video, you can find out you enjoyed this video, you can find out you enjoyed this video, you can find out how to support us over at how to support us over at how to support us over at mikviews.com/support. mikviews.com/support. mikviews.com/support. Thank you so much to everyone who has Thank you so much to everyone who has Thank you so much to everyone who has been so generous in helping out. Shout been so generous in helping out. Shout been so generous in helping out. Shout out to our patrons over on Patreon out to our patrons over on Patreon out to our patrons over on Patreon [music] [music] [music] for helping make these videos possible. for helping make these videos possible. for helping make these videos possible. Thank you so much for watching. From the Thank you so much for watching. From the Thank you so much for watching. From the Mickey [music] Muse Magic Studio, this Mickey [music] Muse Magic Studio, this Mickey [music] Muse Magic Studio, this is Braden. Have a magical day. [music] [music] [music]
