---
video_id: yC-qllg1NOM
channel: MickeyViews
title: "Muppet Vision Closes for Monsters Inc Land at Walt Disney World - Disney News Vlog!"
published: 2025-06-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC-qllg1NOM
---
Good day everybody. Braden here coming to you from the Disney's Hollywood Studios parking lot. I am heading towards the park. Today will be one of our classic old school news videos, but it's also going to be a very special day of remembrance. A day honoring a legend, that being the Muppets Courtyard here at Disney's Hollywood Studios, which will be officially closing on June 8th as Disney gears up to overhaul that land, including Muppet Vision 3D and all of that, into a Monsters Inc. themed land of all things, if you can believe it. complete with a new coaster, an allnew coaster. They're going to be building a door factory coaster, which does indeed look really, really cool. The question really is though, why do we have to lose what we already have in order to get new stuff like this? Getting rid of the Muppets area, the Muppets courtyard here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Very, very sad. So, we're going to head over to that area, see what's happening, see what the area had to offer, and then I will be watching Muppet Vision 3D for the final time. This will be my last time seeing it before they close it and demolish that show. So, so sad. Without further ado, let's head into the park and see what's going on. Just look at Hollywood Boulevard here, you guys. Every time I go to this park, I am just amazed by the level of detail that you have here in this land. A lot of East Coasters like myself don't realize this, but almost every single building that you have in this part of Disney's Hollywood Studios is based on a real life building that you have out in Southern California. Most of them built in that 20s30s time period. And many of those original buildings that the Imagineers were inspired by or looked to clone and put in here at MGM Studios have fallen under neglected real life or they've been demolished to put up giant, you know, highrises and things like that, lifestyle shopping centers, things of that nature. So to have a place where all of that beautiful architecture is preserved for a long time to come hopefully is a really, really special thing and something definitely worth taking a second to appreciate here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Here we are on the Grand Avenue. this repurposed vestage of the streets of America from the MGM Studios day. And then across the street, we have what used to be called the Muppets Courtyard. Now it's officially called the Grand Park. They're trying to tie it in with the San Francisco sort of style of this street here that leads into Galaxy's Edge. I don't really want to bury the lead here, you guys. The question of why Muppets, why get rid of this area? Why is this the area that they're getting rid of here at Disney's Hollywood Studios? I actually think it's pretty simple. I think that somebody here at Walt Disney World high up in management, probably the president of Walt Disney World was looking at the numbers and this park needs an attendance bump. It needs a new attraction. It needs something to bring people in. The allure of Star Wars is behind us at this point. And versus 2019, attendance is currently down here at Disney's Hollywood Studios just by a little bit. But even the fact that it's down at all is a sign that come a few years from now, you are really, really going to need a new attendance bump, something to bring people in. So that's the impetus for adding something new here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. At the same time though, there's clearly this strong pull inside of Walt Disney World to save money. Save money on maintenance, save money on labor, save money any way you can. Why? We aren't really sure because this is a successful part of Disney's operation. So I just think it's ridiculous how much Walt Disney World management has to scrutinize the budget. So, if you think about it, if you want to add something new, a big new attraction to Hollywood Studios on the cheap, the easiest option is just to rethe rock and roller coaster. Of course, we know the Aerosmith contract is ending. And I think that Walt Disney World management asked the Imagineers for some ideas. They pulled out of the drawer this old door factory coaster idea that predates this channel. I started this channel in 2012. It was something being talked about even before then. It was a rumor back in the 2000s. So, I suspect that the executives considered the idea of putting the Door Factory coaster in Rock and Roller Coaster. However, I don't think that Imagineering wanted it to do this way. They felt like there's a lot more that they could do with the Door Factory concept. And is a rethemed coaster really going to be the attendance getter that an allnew attraction is? No. We know that's not the case. If you look over at the retheing of Splash Mountain to Tiana's Bayou Adventure, as far as we know, that did not boost attendance at the Magic Kingdom too much. So just simply redoing an attraction is not going to get you the same sort of attendance bump that they're after as adding in an allnew attraction. And then meanwhile, I'm sure that Imagineering said, "Hey, why don't we do something with the animation courtyard area?" Well, that is one of the main office buildings here on Walt Disney World property. And Walt Disney World is very, very short on office space. Add in the additional demolition cost of doing anything there. I don't think they were ready to commit to that. And I think that is how we ended up with this recycled Monsters Inc. idea from decades ago going in where the Muppets courtyard currently is because you can repurpose existing buildings. You're not massively expanding the footprint of the park. The only new part to the park footprint is the new attraction itself that they are hoping is going to bring in direct returns in the form of lightning lanes and therefore revenues here at this park. Point is, I think that budget-wise and operationally, this was just the most attractive option. And I think that's why we are ending up seeing a replacement here. And don't forget you guys, Muppets isn't entirely leaving Disney's Hollywood Studios because they still have to do something with Rock and Roller Coaster. The Aerosmith contract is still ending. So Disney has announced they're retheing Rock and Roller Coaster with Aerosmith to the Muppets. Rock and Roller Coaster with the Muppets. And look at the Muppet courtyard. It's pretty busy today. Now that might be because they're getting rid of it very, very soon here. So there's a lot of locals here checking it out. But I've ran into a lot of viewers who are visiting from far away just on their regular trip and they say that they love this area and they always check it out. I also think it's interesting to note that there are photo pass photographers stationed all over the land. So, it seems like a lot of guests are getting their final photos. There's even a photo op outside of the counter restaurant here in the land, Pizza Rizzos, which I think should tell Walt Disney World management something. How many random counter restaurants have such a fan base that people want to take photos outside of them before they close? That really says something about how much people have enjoyed this area over the years. Behind me here, we have the legendary Muppet Vision 3D show that is closing here. I cannot believe it, you guys. Now, don't quote me on this, but I've heard what is going in here, just word on the street, just a rumor, is that they're going to put in some sort of Mike Wisowski late night show in that theater there in that building. And then of course down here down the Muppet Courtyard towards the end of it is where you're going to have the Door Factory and hopefully a really, really cool facade with the door factory itself. I'm actually pretty excited to see that come together. And then of course also in this land we are going to have shops and we are going to have restaurants. A lot of people have been saying they are going to put in a sushi restaurant which would be interesting to have here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I don't think we have one of those right now. Here you can see a bunch of guests exiting the Muppet Vision 3D show. It's pretty popular you guys. At least right now anyways. Here in the back of the Muppets courtyard used to have this stage 1 company store. And that is what the Muppet Vision 3D audience would empty out and see was this store here which advertised all sorts of Muppets merchandise inside here. They did all sorts of interesting things in the later days. I remember they had a whole art exhibit in here and things like that. And it was one of those stores that was themed to be behind the movies backstage very MGM Studios in its style. Now in March of 2020, the store closed with everything else at Walt Disney World and it never reopened. And I'll tell you guys, I observed several guests today asking cast members where they can find some Muppets merchandise, and the cast members aren't really sure because this store, it never reopened, which I think was a missed opportunity on Disney's front. Other things of note back here, there used to be one last vestage of the Streets of America back lot. There used to be a apartment building facade at the end of the street here, and Disney has recently tore that down. The steel girders are still up, but the rest of it is gone. And then also back here in the Muppets courtyard area, you have the Sitown Mama Melrose's Italian restaurant, which is already officially closed. It is completely closed. They've blacked out the windows. And I'm pretty sure they are inside already doing work. Imagineering is doing work inside of this building getting it ready for monsters, as I believe is also the case with this facade for It's a Wonderful Shop. Obviously, a reference to the classic film It's a Wonderful Life. I definitely recall last time I was here at Walt Disney World, these windows were actual glass windows that you could see into and there was gold lettering with the It's a Wonderful Shop logo on it. Now there is a vinyl covering over the windows which suggests to me on the other side of this wall they already doing work as well as of course behind those blacked out windows inside of Mama Melrose's Italian restaurant. So if you look at the Buppet Courtyard here, Mama Melrose is now closed. The Christmas shop has been closed forever. This studio one shop has been closed for forever. The last things besides Muppet Vision 3D available here in the land are there's a gelato stand, there's restrooms, and then we have Pizza Rizzos. This counter restaurant, it used to be Pizza Planet back in the day. Do you guys remember that? That was a long time ago. Over the rather short history of this restaurant, Pizza Rizzos, it has gained a cult following of fans online who swear by its food. I'm not sure if they're being sarcastic. I have eaten here once and I thought it was actually pretty good. But since this is my last opportunity to experience it, I figure I should head in here and see what Pizza Rizzos has to offer. What's the best they got. All right, guys. Time to get some food. I'm just going to order a bunch of things on the menu here. The things that people say are the best. There's two levels of seating in here, and they like to start closing up the second one quite early on in the day. This restaurant's only open till 5:00 p.m., which I think is a little crazy. I think it should be open much later than that. Inside Pizzer Rizzo, you have a lot of cool Easter eggs and theming on the walls that Imagineering put in. There's a lot of cool little nods and things to check out. There's even a room where there's vines on the wall and there's lights flashing. It's a pretty unique dining establishment as far as Walt Disney World is concerned. I can't think of many others that have this sort of aesthetic going on. All right, guys. Looks like it's time to get our food. All right, Rizzo from the Muppets. I don't know how you did it. One thing almost everyone online agrees on. This has to be sarcastic. They say pizza Rizzo is the best. All right, let's see if it's really that good. This is the pepperoni pizza. I noticed with Rizzo's pizza, he definitely put some seasoning on it. There's definitely some Italian seasoning in here. I would say I would like the red sauce to have a little bit something to it. You know, maybe a little bit more salty. What's cool here at Pizza Rizzo is if you think your food needs a little something extra, they actually have grated Parmesan cheese packets and crushed red pepper packets. Interestingly, with Rizzo's pizza, there's the choice between you can do a side of carrots of all things or this Caesar salad. This Caesar salad's okay. The dressing isn't anything to write home about. There's not much in it. I have a real salad here. The entree salad. So, let's give that a go. We got salami on here. We have pepperoni. We got banana peppers. We have colamada olives. We've got chopped up ham. We've got onions, croutons. All very good ingredients on their own. Let's see how it is. As a counter salad at Walt Disney World, you guys, something quick that you can mobile order and get. I would say I'm definitely going to miss this salad. This is a good salad. Now, we have the desserts. So, I got both of the dessert offerings they currently have here at Pizza Rizzos, and that is the cannoli and also something very strange, a pizza cookie. Being as I'm from Georgia, you guys, I don't know a whole lot about the canoli game. I would say that this is a dessert that tastes good, has a lot of flavor to it. I just don't know compared to other canoli out there. Is this one better than those? So, I'm not going to grade it, but I would say this is a solid canoli here at Walt Disney World. Lastly, we have the pizza cookie. Now, at first I wasn't going to get this cuz I'm not big on the printed cookies. You know the cookies where they put a bunch of food coloring on them? They just print a graphic on the cookie. I'm not a fan of that at all. That is not what this is, though. I ended up ordering it when I realized that the red part around it is actually a jam. So, this is a combination of actual dessert ingredients here. It is not something that was printed out by a printer, which I think makes it a little bit more appetizing. Let's see. This cookie to me tastes like it was fresh prepared. It has that sugar cookie element to it and some extra fun stuff on top going with the theme of pizza rizos and the Muppet Courtyard. I am going to be generous and give this cookie an eight out of 10. Wow, guys, that is a really good press penny. Look at that. We do have another press penny machine out here that I do believe has some Muppet Courtyard coins. These are all Muppet Vision 3D. I think I might have to get all three of these. If you go up to the press penny machine and you're like, "Oh, I want one of those pressed pennies." and you scan your credit card. If you scan your credit card, it is going to charge you $3 and give you all three coins, even if you only wanted one of them. So, make sure you read what is actually there on the sign. If you only want one of the coins, make sure to use a $1 bill. So guys, besides pizza Rizzos, which we just did, the only other still functional open amenities we have here in the land is a fountain, we have restrooms, we have the photo pass opportunity. There's also a gelato, a sherbet stand, a cart, and then there is the main event a lot of people are here today to see one last time, and that is Muppet Vision 3D. So without further ado, let's do it. [Music] [Applause] That wind feels so good. center. The center. [Music] Okay. Why did this chicken cross the road? All right, that's funny. Hey, penguins, I got a joke. Why did the chicken Wow, was that weird or what? Hey, Tom. Tom over there. How technical. Thank you. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you. Oh, thank you. What about me? Well, of course, certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, we have an unexpected surprise. I have the great honor of introducing the one, the only Mr. Mickey Mouse. Oh, no. Hello. Hi, dear. Welcome to my park. How you doing? Hello. What? You are not Mickey Mouse. You are a rat. Ratchmat. Besides, they're tourists. What did they know? Will you get out of here? Okay, but do I still get my 10 bucks? Get out. Get out. Get out. Donald duck back here. Will you get out? Yes. I apologize. Now, where was I? Yes. Safety instructions. First, when entering the theater, please move as far to the end of the row as possible. Stopping in the middle is distinctly unpatriotic. Second, do not attempt to walk while wearing your 3D glasses. You may trip and frankly you will look. What are you doing? I'm just showing how you can trip if you walk with your glasses on. Will you stop this foolishness? What foolishness would you like to see? Will you get out of here? Just put on your glasses. Hey. Hey, look. Look at the guy in the goofy mask. That's not television. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey Jeff, everything okay? Hey, hoping hop under machining is going to float. How did you get here? We entered a contest. Yeah, we lost. Hey, come here. See, it's my new remote control. Banana green pie. Hey. Hey, come here. What's this [Music] one? That's terrible. You're right. Needs more sugar. [Music] Yeah. Too bad you got spoiled for a big no troubles as my dear. Still cramping kiss. Oh my god. But it was going so well. I cannot. Well, it's just in 3D. I'm going away forever. Oh, great. Could you give me a sandwich? Would any of you people like anything? I mean, since he's going out, he could forever be [Music] Hey, what's all the commotion about? Honey ran away. Know what that makes you smarter than us. Anybody seen a bunny? I don't see a bunny. Where? Huh? Be What are you doing out there? I'm running away. Nobody would let me help in the movie. Pop mission for ED. [Music] [Music] What are you doing? Get back to my [Music] friend. Stop the movie. That's not the movie. Hey chef, can't you hear me? Stop the projector. I'll figure out everybody stop. I not you stupid out of this silly dome. Oh my god. Super everyone. came here. We surrender. We surrender. What an explosion. So, thank you very much for coming to see this demonstration of moment technology and enjoy the rest of your stay and come see us again. [Applause] Well, what do you think? We have time to go to the bathroom before the next show. We can't, old fool. We're posting to the seats. On behalf of Kermit the Gang, thank you for joining us. Please gather your personal belongings and exit through the doors on your right. Remember to deposit 3D glasses in the purple bins outside and have a momentational day here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Well everybody, I hope you guys enjoyed that little compilation I put together of some of the greatest moments from this show, Muppet Vision 3D. I closed the attraction. I believe I headed in around 4 or 5:00 p.m. and now the attraction is closed. It closes at 8:00 p.m. 1 hour before park closed today. You guys, what a show. Over the course of recording the show many times. I saw many different people, many different experiences. Kids were having a lot of fun. It has jokes for the parents as well. Everyone was having a great time. I just cannot believe that they are getting rid of this. You guys, who looks at Hollywood Studios and says, "You know what's really not working here? Muppet Vision 3D. This is something that's just solid. It's so good. Don't get me wrong, this area is not sacred. It could definitely use some love. It could be plused, but just like with the Rivers of America, instead of changing it, adapting it, plusing it, they're just whole cloth doing away with everything that people love about it, completely wiping it out to do something that nobody asked for. And that really is just the way that it is. I don't want to come off too negative in so far as the Monsters Inc. land is concerned because I'm actually pretty excited for the Door Factory coaster. I think that's going to be a big deal. And I get why instead of doing small pluses like adding back shops here, adding another Muppets attraction to this area, they would want to do something totally new and put in a huge new coaster because that's the kind of thing where they get return on investment. It is an attendance getter. It is a money maker. When you do just little additions to make lands like this better, those things do not get the same sort of ROI. And that, as we know, is what this company is all about. Now, I want to give a shout out to all the cast members that were here today. There were a lot of cast members heading through and the photo pass photographers all over the land and just a really really great day here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. This area is so serene and so cohesive. It is really going to be sad to lose it. But of course they are going to rethe the entire area to new intellectual property. So perhaps it'll be even more immersive when we get the Monsters Inc. theme with the Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster and whatever they were going to put in the theater. That theater is just so so beautiful the way it currently is and all the little effects, the fiber optics in the ceiling and all the effects that you can tell different generations of Imagineers added on to the show over the years. It is just so so awesome. What a piece of history. I was so fortunate to be able to document it for you guys today. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to subscribe with those notifications on to stay uptodate on all the latest Disney news. Thank you so much for watching live from outside of Muppet Vision 3D for the final time here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. This is Braden. Thank you so much for watching. Have a magical day. [Music]
