---
video_id: SxP2yoLYie0
channel: MickeyViews
title: "HUGE CHANGES Underway at Disney World's Magic Kingdom! – November 2025"
published: 2025-11-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxP2yoLYie0
---
Coming up, huge changes are underway at Walt Disney World's former Rivers of America, Big Thunder Mountain, and Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin, while Disney prepares further upgrades at the Carousel of Progress and Cinderella Castle. I'll let you know what I've been hearing about all of those projects and much more on the way. This is Mickey Views News. All who come to this happy place, welcome. Now, I'm the king of the swingers, the jungle VIP. I reached the top and had to stop and that's what's bothering me. Before getting into the latest happening at the Magic Kingdom, some happy, some not so happy, some pretty sad, actually. First, I want to take a step back as since the last time I spoke to you guys, a new offering has debuted at the park, which contrasts a lot with the overarching trend we've seen in recent years towards lowercase theming. that being themed spaces that are often sparse or screen dependent. This new experience that bucks that trend in a very positive way is of all things the new Beacon Barrel Pirate Tavern in Adventureland located at the exit of the Pirates of the Caribbean attraction. Now, before I get into what I wanted to highlight here, if you're not sure what this is all about, there's a new bar at the Magic Kingdom. Walt Disney intended his Magic Kingdom to be a dry park. That ship has since sailed. Disney added adult beverages to Be Our Guest restaurant at the Magic Kingdom over a decade ago now, and since then, many other sitdown restaurants in the park have gained them as well. The executives are after the sky-high margins to be made on that particular line of product. And in fairness, it should be pointed out that in the case of the castle parks, Disney has been quite restrained with these sorts of offerings. For example, this new Pirates Bar at the Magic Kingdom, firstly, is very hard to get into. Reservations are going in a split second when they pop up online. Once you're finally in the tavern, you've used your reservation, you're in there, you are capped at two adult beverages once you're inside. And after 45 minutes inside, you will be asked to head out to make space for other guests. And that is largely because this establishment in particular is not a very big establishment. And that 45minute limit also guarantees a certain rate of turnover with new guests constantly heading in to buy more stuff. Needless to say, this project definitely got the green light when the accountants ran the estimated returns on it. Inside there are some small plates, some mocktails, as well as specialty adult beverages. The reason I wanted to bring this addition up right off the bat here is the thematic experience inside. Imagineering built this place this year and dare I say it almost feels Eisner era in a good way. It doesn't have much of that corporate bland feeling that in recent years we've seen a lot of at the parks and it shows what the current Imagineers are still capable of what they have in them when they're given the time and the money when that feature is unlocked and they're able to go in and make something really really cool. First of all, the finished product lives up to the concept art, which is a rare thing to see the past decade at Walt Disney World. In the place, it is themed to the nines. There are no minimalist Wayfair coffee tables to be found, no blank walls or giant pieces of easy install Home Depot tile. It is a space very much unlike any other bar or any other tavern. And that is what makes Disney special. Any guest, not just us, will on some level recognize when they enter this space that every little detail was fredded over and virtually everything inside this establishment was fabricated custom for it. Chief among these details, you have a Mark Davis inspired bird, an animatronic bird, Rummy, who is a full-fledged animatronic that walks about the top of the bar area, entertaining guests throughout the experience. There's a cat sleeping nearby where you can see it looks like it's breathing. There's ships in bottles that fire at each other. That happens intermittently throughout the experience. And then behind the bar, there's a bottle that fills up with liquid and drains depending on what's going on in the story at that particular moment. There's hidden writing that appears on the walls at different times. There's other walls that have been blasted open by cannonballs, and you can sort of piece together what exactly happened there. There's elaborate wood carvings all over the establishment that are really, really cool. This right here is capital T theming. Maybe all capitals. Maybe it's like theming. And that's what made me excited when we got the photos, the first photos and the videos showing the final product and the first guest finally experiencing it. Chiefly, I am concerned with wanting to see the Walt Disney World I remember come back where everywhere on property everything is themed to the nines, where things look unlike anything you would see in everyday life, transporting you to other places other times because that is what makes the place so special. And in recent years, we have been railing against Disney deming previously great cohesive themed spaces, turning them into an amalgamation of the latest trends with Disney character stickers slapped on top. This Pirates Bar is not random stuff. It is not character stickers. Where there is IP, they're carved in oak. Carvings telling the stories of those characters. The nods are things that the fans of the franchise of the original attraction, they will recognize, but not knowing those things doesn't get in the way of enjoying the experience itself. Someone with little knowledge of the Pirates films or even the Pirates attraction, they would still be very immersed as this experience is a destination itself with its own character and its own characters. And I think it'll likely leave the less initiated guests with an interest in experiencing the attraction again and watching some of the films. That is the knock-on effect of thematic maximalism. Now, of course, Disney did that here to keep in line with similar highly themed bars like Trader Sam's across the Seven Seas Lagoon at the Polynesian. And Disney was more willing to put a lot of creative into this product given that the project had an expectation of direct return via the revenues on those lucrative food and beverage offerings. So this was no big change in philosophy on the executive side of things. They're still looking to fund projects with direct ROI, which not everything we love at Walt Disney World is. And the features of the resorts that make money more indirectly, they deserve a renewed level of attention like this as well. But Imagineering did a great job here and hopefully the executives won't take from this. Oh, it's popular cuz it's a bar. Oh, we need more bars. No, it's because it is a substantive themed experience which attracts your biggest fans and creates new ones. People want to experience it. This could be a stretch, but I think that you can find some tinges of Walt's original concept for the tiki room in here. Strangely enough, where you may recall originally Walt Disney, he wanted that attraction to be a restaurant originally with real birds up above, which would have been crazy. And then of course later the idea was animatronics up above. Here you have families coming in who are enjoying small plates while a show of sorts unfolds around them starring an animatronic bird up above. Given the success this bar is seeing, I wonder about that rumored Haunted Mansion bar for the Magic Kingdom I told you guys about years back, including the fact that I told you guys I heard it was cut out of the villain's plan. Maybe parks chairman Josh Tomorrow is now taking a second look at that given how well the Beacon Barrel seems to be performing. Disney's most recent cruise ship, the Disney Treasure, features a Haunted Mansion bar, the Haunted Mansion Parlor. And that same themed parlor will also be a big part of the Disney Destiny. So, we're about to now have two of these on cruise ships. I don't know for certain, but I think it is still a faint possibility that something similar to this in theme makes its way to the Magic Kingdom as part of the Villains Land development. We will see. Also, since I last made a video, Disney has announced that after 5 years of varying renditions of the Rose Gold Castle being on display at the Magic Kingdom, the castle will finally head back to its classic colors in the near future. Although the exact time frame for this update has still yet to be announced. According to executive of color, Design and Paint in a video on Imagineering's YouTube channel, this next repainting of Cinderella Castle will be what she calls the most classic Cinderella Castle ever. And we have some art for it that you're looking at here. The original castle color scheme Disney is drawing from here. If you go back to the photos from the '7s, it features spires that are a rich sky blue. There's gray stonework down below. Interestingly, the original paint job on Walt Disney World Cinderella Castle had fake mortar lines painted into the lower stonework. I'm not sure how I feel about that. We'll see if Disney does that again. But all in all, the John Hench approved color scheme that they're basing this update on is awesome. I just posted on the Mickey View social medias a 2006 photo of ours of what the castle looked like then. And I think what makes this paint scheme appealing has a lot to do with the light gray castle turrets that you have extending up above the top two/irds of the castle there, which some online say looks boring. They prefer the saturated colors that are currently featured on Cinderella Castle. The thing is is that those light turrets, they make the castle seem much more real to me. And I think that's because that specific color makes the castle appear much further away than it really is. It contrasts with the sky in the daytime which really makes the castle look awesome. And even on a cloudy day, the classic color scheme, it almost looks like the castle is extending into the clouds. Also, if you visited the Magic Kingdom pre- rose gold castle, you likely recall walking through town square, looking all the way down Main Street and seeing the castle that felt so far away, way out there in the distance. And I think that effect has something to do with the overall more subdued paint scheme, which simulates atmospheric haze between you and the castle, which makes it seem very, very far away. When you really saturate all the colors, you lose that effect because it looks like there is no atmosphere between you and the castle, making the castle appear much closer to you and as a result, smaller. And if you look at the classic castle, even when you're up close, those lighter color turrets up top, they exaggerate the distance between you and the top of the castle. So even up close, the castle looks like it goes far, far away from you, way, way up into the clouds. It is a very, very cool visual trick that was developed with great intent, and it's so great to see Disney returning to it here. Some guests really like the current castle, the special castle. They say it pops in photos. I think the force perspective effect has been lost a little bit with this current paint scheme. And I'm good with Disney doing all sorts of crazy stuff to the castle for special parties and anniversaries, but the 50th anniversary is over. It's long since been over. So, it's good to see that Walt Disney World President Jeff Folly is finally putting some resources into getting the castle back to its regular look, which it should be the majority of the time. That's what makes these special paint jobs special, right? The concept art for this update renders the castle in a very tasteful color scheme, very 1971, maybe a little more golden there than the 1971 version. We will see. The question right now is when. When will we finally see this happen? Disney has not said when this repainting will occur. I'm guessing early 2026. That's not anything from our sources. That's just me guessing. For those who want to plan their trip around the castle being back to basics when you visit, I'd say if you're visiting summer 2026 or later, you should be good. The classic castle will be back for your photos. Those going earlier than that wondering what state the castle will be in during your visit. Check for updates online about Disney draining the moat. The moat around the castle, it has not been drained yet. And before work begins on repainting Cinderella Castle, Disney typically puts up temporary dams and then they drain the moat around the castle, the area immediately around the castle where you have water, so they can use the bottom of it as the work platform to set up rented ultra boom arms that extend up to paint the castle during the morning hours without the need for a more permanent crane, which can obstruct views at night during the fireworks shows. So keep an eye out for more news on this story. Moving next to Frontier Land. This will be a good time to say the Magic Kingdom is a construction site right now, you guys. We've got stuff happening all over the park. We'll be covering the rest of this video, which ended up being quite long cuz there's so much going on. But right now, the largest work site at this park is the Rivers of America area, which is now in full demolition mode, while refurbishment work continues next to it at the site of Big Thunder Mountain. So, a serious chunk of this quadrant of the park is not guest accessible at this current time. Last video, which you should definitely watch if you haven't already, it took me forever to make, we sung the praises of the Rivers of America. Everything it offered over the years at the Magic Kingdom, its significance to Walt Disney, Walt Disney's contribution to Magic Kingdoms in particular. This was actually one of the very few parts of Walt Disney World Walt Disney himself had a personal hand in designing. There's also the practical utility of that area which is just beautiful. It provides a visual escape from the concrete jungle while also providing a physical escape from the congestion in the rest of the park where you could hop on the beautiful Liberty Bell or grab a seat on the docks of Tom Sawyer Island. We got into why the president of Walt Disney World should reconsider writing this one off. Unfortunately, as you can see in these latest aerials, it is very written off at this point. It is being absolutely leveled as we speak. Many guests submitted their two cents to Voli on the matter over the many, many months where this project was sort of in limbo. And he touched on that in talking about upcoming overhauls at the Magic Kingdom, telling Orlando magazine, quote, "We know that everything at Walt Disney World is somebody's favorite." So, we were extremely thoughtful about that. These lands and attractions will deliver some incredibly creative experiences while also bringing new life to underutilized areas. I would retort in the capacity of Tom Sawyer Island being underutilized. The restaurant on the island was closed many times when I went. Multiple of the attractions on the island like the streams and the waterhe and often the barrel bridge, they weren't working or they weren't available. They were walled off. And Jeff Volley, you are responsible for that. So, why is the area underutilized? You underutilized it. You could have done holiday decor, special events, food events, all Epcot. You could have added or brought back attractions to the river. Or most practically of all, you want new area. Why don't you shorten the river so you have more space to build beyond it while retaining the Liberty Bell, retaining Waltz Island, retaining the splendor of the area while adding new attractions all around it to everything that you want to add. expand the envelope of the Magic Kingdom, move the canal back there, update the supporting infrastructure to support decades and decades of awesome new projects, including everything you want to do while retaining what we already have. But I think the way the executives see it is they didn't see the area bringing in much of any revenue given the space that it took up at the most popular theme park in the world. So instead of putting cars and villains way behind a shortened version of the Rivers of America, why not just cut out all the maintenance costs on this underutilized area and maximize the space for new attractions that sell Lightning Lanes and merchandise and add capacity, all of that more easily quantifiable stuff Voli is looking for on the spreadsheet versus some more complex appeal to preserving the Americana. Walt's Disneyland formula. That's stuff that I tried to make the case for in that last video. Thus, we are getting a Cars Off-Roading thrill ride in its place, as well as a full Villains Land, which will occupy parts of the northern half of the former Rivers of America, as well as new undeveloped space heading north of there. So, getting to the latest work at the river as it enters a multi-year transformation into Cars and Villains. Kicking off the month, Disney finally completed walling off the view of the river from the current guest areas. At that point, the river itself, it was done draining and the track that used to steer the Liberty Bell, which Disney replaced and upgraded not too many years ago, actually, that started to be removed. Then the pace quickly picked up on demolition. first Superstition Bridge was removed, which used to be a really great view. That's what connected the two halves of the Tom Sawyer Island for 50 years. It was a really, really great spot to look over at Big Thunder Mountain and watch the Liberty Bell go by. That and the ripping out of the Liberty Bell track are what allowed demolition vehicles to really navigate around the area quite efficiently. And so it began Fort Langghorn, the fort on Tom Sawyer Island, which was an upgraded version of Walt's original Fort Wilderness. That was leveled in mid October. Then on Pauly's, the counter service on the island, it was leveled as well. Next came the demolition of Harper's Mill, which was really, really rough. I really don't like looking at these photos because that was my favorite feature of the island by far. when that water wheel was working, the inside, the mechanics of it, the engineering of it, and the homages to Walt Disney's short film, the old mill with the bluebird and the gear there and the owl in there. They had some other hidden details. It was just a really really cool spot to get out of the sun for a moment. It was also a great photo from the mainland. It was in a lot a lot of photos over the many, many years. Rest in peace, Harper's Mill, Tom's Landing, where you'd arrive and depart Tom Sawyer Island. That building was demolished as well. All the docks around the island went with it. Last went Potter's Mill, the large windmill, and once those buildings were reduced to their foundations, demolition got underway on the foundations of the island itself. If you've ever had the chance to explore Tom Sawyer Island, you'll likely remember the caves that you have on the island. They are a big feature. They made for a great story a couple years back where a cast member famously discovered a bear taking refuge inside the cave. That cave system after hours, which was crazy if you remember that. In Blog Mickey's incredible telephoto photography, you can make out a bit of the inside of the cave there amongst the rubble as crews are currently chipping away at what remains of the cave system on Tom Sawyer Island. in the latest blueprints filed with the authorities in Florida, the latest plans, you can get an idea for just how large this project site is. It is absolutely crazy. Last video, I showed you some of the plans and some of the work that was taking place on new backstage layown yards, which will be part of this construction project. That's where they're going to be laying down all sorts of construction materials and parking vehicles and things, stuff that's needed during construction. One of those layown yards is very special in that it is going to become a temporary office area. That is where people that are working on the construction site will be able to park. It's going to be able to hold a lot of vehicles at once. And then there's going to be office trailers on there for Imagineering and contractors. Now, in the latest aerials from Bio Reconstruct, you can see those trailers are now on site. They have been installed. And prior to then in some of the previous aerials, it was evident that the utilities running underneath were also installed as well. So they've got the utilities in, they've got the Imagineering and Contractor trailers in. Now they just got to do some paving to get that parking lot going. And at that point, the Magic Kingdom remote office will be ready to roll. And that'll likely coincide with the completion of the demolition happening at the Rivers of America and the tree clearing work happening on the eventual locations of Cars and Villains. That is when this will go from being a demolition site to a construction site. And that will be more exciting to see. Seeing what's coming next start to take shape. That'll be more enjoyable to look at versus what we currently have to look at right now, which is beloved classic attractions biting the dust. One last note on the river. The Liberty Bell. An update on the Liberty Bell. The Liberty Bell still lives. She is still parked at the marina on the north end of Bay Lake where boats are serviced and sometimes dry docked for maintenance work. And in the past, we've heard she might eventually become a feature of one of the area hotels. That would be really cool. Perhaps the Grand Fian, if you can picture that being parked on the shore over there, that would be pretty awesome. A much better use than the Liberty Bell being scrapped. That'd be very, very sad to see. However, there is nothing official from Disney just yet. Next door to the Rivers of America, Big Thunder Mountain continues its major refurbishment. At the start of the year, Big Thunder Mountain closed at the Magic Kingdom for what is technically a refurbishment, but that feels a bit understated as what Disney's building here is really a whole new ride disguised as an existing an old ride. as throughout the year they have torn out all of the old track and installed brand new track the entire length of the attraction. And this is awesome for many reasons. If you've been to the Magic Kingdom in recent years, you may have seen a situation where the attraction was down part of the day because what happens is is there was issues with the chains on the lift hill or something like that where basically a vehicle would stop and then they'd have to stop the ride. they'd have to evacuate the guests and it would take several hours for maintenance to go through, do check offs, cycle the vehicles, and then get the attraction back online again. That situation will not be happening anymore because there's a whole new track system with brand new ride vehicles, the new track that they've put in here. It may make for a smoother ride. Although, I hope it's not smooth at all. It's Big Thunder Mountain, right? And I also hope that the new track is themed to the runaway railroad look that the old track achieves so well that we had before that was really really good looking. Another big component of this major upgrade, this refurbishment, this quality of life upgrade to Big Thunder is there is a new long house across the way across the currently closed portion of the Walt Disney World Railroad where Big Thunder Mountain trains will be able to go over and receive maintenance over in that new building. Disney's been conducting pushpull testing on the Big Thunder site with the new ride vehicles on the new track, making sure that they are clearing all the rock work and the theming that you have throughout the ride, that the ride profile, how they installed it, it all looks correct, it's all working correctly, how it interacts with all the pre-existing structures that you have that make up Big Thunder Mountain, the rest of it that isn't the track. The latest news at Big Thunder is ride vehicle testing is now underway, which is different from pushing the vehicle around the track, making sure it's not going to hit anything. Now, the vehicles are running on their own for the first time, which is a huge milestone, which was captured by Drew Disneydude, who also captured some excellent footage at the site where the existing rock work is receiving some new paint as well. Very exciting to see. When the attraction reopens next year, it will also have an updated backstory as well as a few new theming elements. Previously, the backstory of the attraction was that it was a mine that was abandoned and now it is cursed. You fly past the abandoned town of Tumbleeed during the attraction. You might recall the updated plot on Disney's site calls this an active mine where strange things are happening. And apparently, the town is no longer abandoned. that detail was dropped. As far as new show elements that we're going to see as part of this refurbishment, Disney recently provided fans concept art of the first lift hill. Whereas part of that first liftill, the rainbow caverns, they're adding some new LED lighting effects. It looks like bats as well. And Disney actually provided fans two pieces of art. And if you stack them on top of each other, it seems to suggest that as you start up that lift hill, the caverns will look the way they do in the top panel, that first color scheme, and then they're going to change to that more sinister color scheme, and the bat's eyes will begin to glow, letting you know that this now active mind is still definitely cursed. However, I've been telling you guys in addition to this as far back as 2020 that Imagineering has been wanting to add the explosion effect that is featured on other versions of Big Thunder around the world to Walt Disney World's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and that this was originally one of the pluses planned in time for the 50th anniversary of Walt Disney World. And those planned quality of life enhancements at the Magic Kingdom attractions, they were all put on pause. They were all put on the back burner. And in the years since, we've seen many of those come to fruition, including the hatbox ghost and the update to the Country Bear Jamberee. Then we reported last year that the plan to add the explosion effect was allegedly finally green lit by Walt Disney World President Jeff Volley. And soon thereafter, we got the announcement of this big refurbishment coming up that is now underway. And then Disney updated the attraction description to even tease this upcoming change, saying that guests will dodge exploding dynamite and falling boulders when the ride reopens. Well, now Disney has updated their updated description again, removing mentions of explosions and falling boulders being new features of the attraction when it reopens. That language has been removed. A little disappointing there that it appears that Disney cut out some of the animatronic boulders and the explosion effect there. But the thing is is that theming can always be added. What's a little more difficult is replacing the entire ride track, putting in new ride vehicles, all the while maintaining the original ride profile and also adding a new maintenance bay. That is definitely the ride reliability stuff that takes precedence here. And that is what this refurbishment has been focused on. And it appears that that is what ended up eating up some of the budget that was originally intended for some of these more fun theming things that can still be added down the road. So now we await Disney letting us know when this year-long refurbishment will finally wrap up. It has been quite some time here. All we have from Disney right now is that it is going to reopen sometime in 2026. That is as close of an official time frame as we have from Disney thus far. So stay tuned for more on that. Hopping to the other side of the park where much construction is happening and more is gearing up. We have the changes coming to Tomorrowland. As we speak, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is offline, receiving some major upgrades. These include completely new ride vehicles, which feature new handheld blasters that you'll be able to pick up and move around. There's a whole new ride scoring system that won't cap out like the previous one did. There's the addition of a new show scene at the beginning of the attraction, which will allow guests the chance to warm up and test out these new blasters before heading into the later scenes. And the Z targets themselves throughout the attraction are receiving a major upgrade to new technology. Also featuring LEDs, which will make them easier to see. And I wonder if maybe they're going to do some sort of interactive effect where it'll be very clear throughout the ride when you hit one of those. In fact, the two blasters in each vehicle with new always on lasers will each have their own laser color. So, you'll be able to more easily identify which laser is yours throughout the ride, which is another great quality of life improvement there. And I heard something from one of our sources right before recording this that sounds awesome. And this is not official. This is totally a rumor, but apparently right now Imagineering is working on upgrading the inride photos so that when you finish your ride, you don't have to take out your iPhone and take a photo of your score in order to remember it because your score will be displayed on the inride photo. This is just a rumor, but it sounds awesome and it's going to make it more like a duel because whoever you're riding with, if both of your scores are on the inride photo when you get off the ride, you're going to have the photo of you and whoever's in your party and then you're going to have who had the higher score right there on the inride photo. That sounds pretty awesome. I really hope Disney does that. Just like Big Thunder, all we have from Disney right now is a vague 2026 reopening time frame with nothing more specific just yet. I am very excited to check out the finished product here. And this is one of those things where it's not huge. It's not a huge change coming to Walt Disney World. It's nothing too big, but you know, we don't just want big new additions to Walt Disney World. We also want the existing stuff Disney to improve upon it while keeping what we like about it, but making it better, moving it into the future. And that appears to be exactly what we are getting here at Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. And I'm very excited to check it out when it reopens next year. Nearby, the buzzwork, Astroorbiter was down the first half of this year to receive its own major refurbishment. It reopened this summer with updated planet theming elements, a repainted elevator shaft, and mechanical upgrades. However, the reason this is in the news today is because the just rebuilt attraction has spent the summer and fall operating in B mode much of the time because shortly after reopening, Blog Mickey reports the central lift element broke on the ride. According to cast members at the attraction now, the spinner is still spinning. The attraction is still operating. You can still control your vehicle and use the joystick to move your vehicle up or down. But Astroorbiter also has that central lift element that pushes the entire ride to the max height. So basically right now the attraction it is running but you can't get the same elevation as you could pre-refurishment pending a future fix by Disney there. Not a huge deal here but something that I thought was worth noting. Next door to Astroorbiter the cool ship refreshment stand which also has that cool mist feature. It is actually no more. It did have a cool missed feature. That stand is now gone. This summer, the structure was removed. And a new Coca-Cola stand has risen on the same site. And at this hour, it is now open at the Magic Kingdom. This new stand has some awesome nighttime lighting effects as you can see here. But even looking at it during the day as Disney was still putting the final touches on it here, it has a really cool theme to it, which is in line with the decadesl long gradual Tomorrowland aesthetic refresh where Disney's been moving the land styling to a more midcentury retrofuturistic look. Along the lines of how Tomorrowland originally looked when Walt Disney World opened, moving away from that 1990s ray gun gothic style they did for a while. This new stand fits really nicely with the similarly styled Joffrey stand, which is also nearby. The new cool ship stand is named Astro Fizz and offers a bunch of Coca-Cola specialty products. For frozen slushies, the stand offers Fanta orange, Fanta Blue Raspberry, and Coca-Cola. I would probably pick Coca-Cola of those. Let me know which one you guys would pick. The stand will also continue selling popcorn as it did before. But now there is a new churro being offered at this stand. The cherry CocaCola churro which is rolled in cherry sugar drizzled with Coca-Cola cherry icing and topped with cherry popping candies which sounds like a pretty wild time there. As I mentioned, the stand has just opened. So the frozen beverages and the popcorn and all that stuff, it is now flowing over there. So check it out next time you are at the Magic Kingdom. Saving the best story for last. This one's been out for quite a bit now, so apologies for the delay in getting to this here. You guys, we have made it to the site of the next big quality of life improvement coming to the Magic Kingdom, none other than the legendary Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. For ages on this channel, I've been talking about the rumors I've heard that Imagineering wants to add Walt to the Carousel of Progress in some form. At first, it was talk about adding his office with a hologram of Walt in it to the ride's intro scene. Then, Disney actually tried a hologram of Walt at a Disney 100 years exhibition, and the reaction turned out to be quite mixed. Then, Disney debuted the Walt Disney animatronic out at Disneyland in California this summer. And now that they have fully developed a Walt animatronic, they can fabricate another one. After one final teaser that I wrote on X shortly before Disney's announcement, Disney made it official. Walt Disney is heading to the Carousel of Progress at Walt Disney World. Disney released this art of what the scene will look like. And really cool is instead of it just being his office, Walt will be standing at a drafting table surrounded by some of his most futuristic projects and visions he pursued late in his career and his life in the late 50s and early to mid60s. Very World's Fairesque this scene here, which makes sense since the Carousel of Progress attraction debuted at the 1964-65 New York World's Fair. Behind Walt, you'll spot the Montreal, Walt's napkin drawing of the Florida project, the rocket from his Man in Space film, the mold for the Lincoln animatronic face, which of course was another big attraction at the fair. There's a model of Rolyrum's Tower of the Four Winds, also something from the fair, drawings of Epcot, Progress City, of course. And you might also notice Walt is dressed as he'd often appear in his special presentations of his latest plans to us on his TV show, The Wonderful World of Color. Besides the arts and the fact that Walt is coming to the Carousel of Progress, Disney has provided virtually no other details relating to what exactly is going on here. We really haven't heard anything else official just yet. But on this project in particular, we have a pretty good ear to the ground, I would say. So, we are going to add some more very unofficial. These are rumors, some unofficial detail for you guys that I'm going to add in here. I'll let you know what I've been hearing and some of my speculation as well. So, the scene, Walt scene, it should be replacing the current intro scene where right now you have the gear logo and the curtains and the narrator gives you a little background on the history of the Carousel of Progress and what it's about. Soon, Walt will likely be the one to give a very similar spiel right in front of you, adding a nice prologue to this attraction, which meant so much to him. It embodied so much of what Walt was about. And this should be something where Imagineering doesn't need to use computerenerated content, you know, generate some new thing of Walt talking about the Carousel of Progress or anything like that because there are many recordings of Walt introducing the attraction and talking about the development of the Carousel of Progress. There's video of this, there's audio of this, probably more we haven't even seen that's in the Walt Disney archives. Walt recorded a bunch of promotion throughout the development of the World's Fair attractions. The big question that is probably in a lot of viewers minds watching this right now is how accurate can they get this Walt Disney animatronic? Because the current Walt Disney animatronic that recently debuted out in Disneyland, who keep in mind is in a much larger theater. It's in the opera house over there. If you really look close, if you take out your camera and zoom in when you're over there, many fans online are saying that this doesn't look a whole lot like Wallet. Based on the content of it that we have online, I agree. But I have not experienced that show yet in person. And some viewers have told me that from the regular guest view, which is quite different than a lot of those photos when you're just sitting in the theater, the effect works a whole lot better. The difference here is with the Carousel of Progress version is that Walt is going to be much closer to the guests because the theater in the Carousel of Progress, it is very small. It's only a handful of rows. So, everyone that's in there is going to be up close to Walt. And I think Imagineering is well aware of this and will hopefully develop the most accurate Walt animatronic yet. And perhaps if that works out, then Disneyland's current Walt animatronic could receive an updated face as well. The best case scenario that we could see here is over here at Walt Disney World, we get an even more lifelike Walt Disney animatronic at the Carousel of Progress and then Disneylands, which already exists. It gets a cosmetic update itself, making that one more convincing as well. There's been some questions as to what's up with the animatronics face out in Disneyland because Disney likely has a very good mold of Walt's face and they have a million reference photos of Walt Disney to base a sculpt on. We've been hearing in recent years Disney's been improving their in-house sculpting capabilities over at Imagineering. So, one of the pieces of speculation here has been maybe this issue has something to do with these newer Imagineering animatronics. Something with the animatronic head itself. When it's delivered, they have the perfect mask and then when they go to put it on the robot on the animatronic itself, the animatronic is morphing the mask in some odd way. The mold looks right, the mask looks right, and then when you go to stick the mask on this sphere of motors and miniature moving pieces, it changes something about the shape of the face where it no longer looks quite as it was intended to. So, we'll see how it pans out here with the Carousel of Progress version of the Walt Disney animatronic. The idea of a Walt Disney animatronic has always been controversial, and we're not going to get into that today. The reason that I say that this is the best story of the day is not just because of the announcement of the Walt Disney animatronic. Disney hasn't announced anything further just yet, but I believe that that is far from the only change coming to the Carousel of Progress and that this is part of a full comprehensive refurbishment to the existing attraction, which all but guarantees that the Carousel of Progress won't be scrapped anytime soon. A lot of people don't realize this, but right now that attraction is a functional antique. In some areas, it is operating off of technology from the World's Fair. Physical pieces of infrastructure from the New York World's Fair from over 60 years ago. Sometimes we've heard when there's technical issues with the attraction, they just do a part swap where something isn't working and they just swap in a different part that was previously swapped out back in the '9s or something. and they hope that that fixes things because some of the critical components haven't been produced in many many decades. And as I see it, that poses a risk where a cost-savvy executive might come along and eventually just write off this attraction because it is so much work to maintain. It costs money and then maybe one day it'll just break. It is an operational headache for sure. What I think this attraction update will concern, besides adding a new scene with Walt, is a mechanical upgrade to the animatronics and the moving components throughout the ride, which would be awesome. Something we could see is the animatronics that you have throughout the carousel of progress become hybrid figures like we recently saw at Country Bears where the bears themselves got new components mixed with the refurbished old components creating smoother, more reliable, lifelike figures. The mechanical upgrades to the Country Bears, those turned out really, really well. And I think that we could see something similar happen over here at the Carousel of Progress when Disney goes to add that new scene with Walt Disney where they're going to update the mechanics inside most of the animatronics throughout the different acts that make up the show. In so far as changes to the show itself contentwise, the plot of the attraction, I suspect that little will change in that respect besides the addition of the new Walt part there. But we could see a further announcement from Disney about some other small changes to the other scenes. The most likely scene to see a big story update, of course, would be the future scene. That might finally see an update people have been asking for for many, many years, and some people have really grown accustomed to the retro future scene that we currently have there. And I've also heard some rumblings from sources about perhaps a new quick end scene that could be added to the Carousel of Progress show where when you go to disembark, when you head back to the beginning, Walt says something real quick to cap off the experience, which would be a really nice little cherry on top there. Disney has not announced a closing date for the current version of the attraction, but head over as soon as you can if you want to experience the current version one last time before Imagineering gets in there and make some changes the extent of which we aren't sure just yet. I'm optimistic about it. I think it's going to turn out really good, but some fans are more suspicious about how this is going to turn out based on some other recent updates along this line that we have seen. Once the Carousel Progress finally does go offline for refurbishment, whenever that'll be, I anticipate that it is going to be down a good little while. It could be six months, even more, because as I said, this attraction currently is a functioning antique. There is a lot to update, a lot to upgrade mechanically with this one. So, if Disney is committing to doing that, that is definitely going to take some time. Not to mention adding in that new scene with Walt where if that was the only upgrade, I do think that they could do that much much faster, like a month or two. My understanding is that these latest animatronics from Imagineering are pretty good at plug-andplay where they can move them in quickly and get shows up and running. But it's all the rest of the work that Disney hasn't talked about that I suspect we're going to be getting here that is likely to make this downtime a little more substantial. This is likely to be a pretty extensive upgrade to the attraction. At least that is what I've been hearing. As I said at the top, a lot of what I just said is info that I've heard from sources, total rumors and speculation, not official info from Disney. The official news from Disney at this hour is that we are getting a Walt Disney animatronic, which could end up really, really cool. So, that's the latest at the Magic Kingdom. Be sure to subscribe with those notifications on to stay uptodate with everything happening at Walt Disney World. We have three more parks videos to get to. This was just park number one, so stay tuned. We have a lot of exciting content on the way. You can find out how to support the creation of these videos over on mickeys.com/support. Shout out to our patrons over on Patreon for helping to make videos like these possible. Thank you all so much for watching. From the Mickey Views Magic Studio, this is Braden. Have a magical day. [Music]
