---
video_id: qkZztYEnDDs
channel: MickeyViews
title: "Disney's Hollywood Studios is a CONSTRUCTION SITE in 2026! - Walt Disney World News"
published: 2026-04-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkZztYEnDDs
---
Good day everyone. Braden here coming to you from the Disney's Hollywood Studios parking lot. It has been a while since we've done one of these Mickey Views news on location reports and I am so excited because I'm about to head into Disney's Hollywood Studios and bring you guys along with me as we take a look at all of the changes that are coming to the park here in the big 26. There is so much going on. Disney just closed Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith. They're already taking stuff off the building and getting underway on the Muppets theme. the Muppets rethe that'll be opening later this year. Then over at the animation courtyard which was a mess for so long Disney is redoing it bringing back the magic of Disney animation. They got rid of the arch and that whole area is going to reopen as the Walt Disney Studios lot later this year. We also have some changes happening over at Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. We'll take a look at that. And then of course something you can see here from the parking lot over where the cast members park over there. Disney is working on the Monsters Inc. Door factory coaster. There's a crazy foundation going in over there, which looks absolutely wild. So, we're going to take a look at everything happening from Monstropolis to the new home for the Muppets and everything in between. So, let's head into Disney's Hollywood Studios and see what you can look forward to in 2026. All right, guys. I am heading on to Hollywood Boulevard here. The weather in Florida is so crazy. On Apple weather, it said today, this morning is supposed to be all sun. And I was excited about that for this video. And then just as I'm walking from the parking lot to the entrance, these giant clouds roll in and now it looks like it's about to rain. There's little patches of blue sky and now it's mostly clouds. Just when we were in the parking lot, it was almost all blue sky. So crazy. Oh, Florida. You know, guys, I was going to go on one of my typical rants when we get around this area about how awesome Hollywood Boulevard is, how awesome Sunset Boulevard is, the architecture, the imagineering. We're just going to get right to the news. I'm turning the corner here to GeForce Records, the entrance to Rock and Roller Coaster, which is now closed here at Walt Disney World as it is undergoing a reimagining. And you can see the label scar on the arch there where it used to say starring Aerosmith. And below it, there's a sign that says we are moving right along. Rock and roller coaster is currently closed. as we load in the band. And you can see some band stickers on there as we have the Muppets heading in there and Disney is really working on this quickly. They already got the signage down on the guitar. The guitar is going to be staying over here. It's interesting that you can actually walk all the way up to the attraction here and that's because past it you have the villain show over at the Sunset Showcase Theater. So, they have to keep this area somewhat open, which means that the carts, the base painting, and the stuff that you have next to Rock and Roller Coaster gets to stay open. It is staying open here. It seems like this isn't going to be too much of a huge rethe or anything like that. It's almost more like an overlay where they're keeping the studio, but instead of Aerosmith, it is going to be the Muppets, characters, Muppets, animatronics in there. For example, outside the front here with the guitar, the guitar is going to be staying the electric guitar. It is just going to be repainted. It is getting new signage. The old signage is already off of it. Disney is really moving fast here. And then Disney has said that the theme, basically the premise of the attraction is going to be very similar except now instead of Aerosmith getting across town to the big show, it is the Muppets. It is Animals Band. Disney says that during the coaster when you get on the limousine, which is going to be repainted, you are going to see some updates to the various scenes throughout the attraction. the little decorations that you have as you are going through Tinsel Town, those are going to get a Muppets update. How extensive that will be, we don't know just yet. Disney is doing a quick turnaround here. They are aiming to get this open this summer. Early in the summer, hopefully Disney wants this thing back open, which is crazy. And you know what is really cool? Right over here by the phase paint booth, Disney has updated the pressed penny machine with new pressed pennies for Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets. Except these aren't just going to stay there after the Muppets attraction opens. These are special press pennies commemorating the construction going on here at the attraction, which I think is a really, really cool touch. I don't know if I've ever seen that before. I'm sure Disney's done it sometime previously. Maybe I don't pay enough attention to the press pennies, but I thought that was really cool. So, that's what's going on over here at Rock and Roller Coaster with the Muppets overlay coming this summer. Personally, with all the filming, I don't like the out of nowhere dreary weather, but it does make the Tower of Terror look even cooler than it normally does. Very, very on theme there. I am headed out of Sunset Boulevard. We are now headed over to the Animation Courtyard, which you may know hasn't been the most exciting area of Disney's Hollywood Studios in a very, very long time. Many park guests, people here today don't know that behind the animation courtyard is an animation building. What used to be Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida, which opened back in the 1990s and is where they animated Mulan and Lilo and Stitch. After Disney shut down Feature Animation here in Florida in 2004, the area took on a bit of a different vibe. You still had the magic of Disney animation where you could go in and look in on animators animating, but it was more in a demo capacity. They were showing off their skills and of course guests got to try their own hand at drawing various famous Disney characters. I really enjoyed doing that as a kid and more recently that's been a feature of Disney's Animal Kingdom. They have something very similar over there that just recently closed over at the conservation station at Rafiki's Planet Watch. Getting back to the animation courtyard. So the Star Wars launch bay, it opened in 2015. That was a huge time for Lucasfilm. You had all the new movies in the works. And what Disney did with the feature animation building is they changed it into this thing where you could meet the Star Wars characters and you could preview some of the artifacts and trailers for the upcoming films. It was basically a Star Wars Land before Star Wars Land where Disney could get some meet and greets going and some promotion for Star Wars into the park as soon as possible because there was an appetite for that from the guests. At least Disney felt. Now, as time went on, and especially after Galaxy's Edge opened, Star Wars Launch Bay really dropped off in terms of its necessity. And besides a couple of Star Wars meet and greets and a few things on display, there really wasn't a whole lot to write home about. Finally, Disney is doing something with this area. And the biggest is this is the first time I've been in the park since they did this. They got rid of the original archway. The archway that's been here since MGM Studios opened, it is now gone, which is a bit bittersweet. There was some really, really cool bass relief that was on that archway. I hope Disney preserved, but that is now gone as you can see. And the animation courtyard is being renamed the Walt Disney Studios lot. The updated Magic of Disney animation attraction replacing the Star Wars launch bay. It is going to feature an enchanted art gallery. There's going to be a Drawn to Wonderland play area for kids inspired by Alice in Wonderland. Then there's going to be the Once Upon a Studio theater where they are going to play the film of the same name, Once Upon a Studio. I think that's going to be in the theater that you have back there where they previously played Star Wars trailers and previous to that there was that animation film that they would do. I remember as a kid with the Mulan characters that was so awesome. Then of course a big feature of this building has always been and will continue to be meet and greets and Disney has announced the meet and greet roster that you are going to have for the updated Magic of Disney animation building. Inside you are going to be able to meet Mulan, Rapunzel, Chip and Dale, Donald and Daisy, Goofy and Stitch. And then the thing that I am most excited for, I think, is the animation academy coming back where you get to actually draw your own Disney characters, try to draw them the best that you can. Now, what's interesting here and quite controversial is Disney is doing this differently than they have in the past here at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Instead of a live in-person animator, a talented Disney animator sort of running the whole show, helping guests along, showing them what to do, telling them what to do. Instead, an animatronic Olaf is going to be taking over that role. Who knew one of the first things that robotics was going to replace is Disney animators. What the heck, Disney? So, anyways, there's going to be an animatronic Olaf. And you can see in the poster they teased this. He is going to be teaching you how to draw some different Disney characters. And those will include Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Genie, Moana, Stitch, Olaf himself. Olaf is going to teach you how to draw Olaf. And then also he is going to teach you how to draw Ursula and the main characters from Zootopia. So, needless to say, this is a little bit strange and some guests online are not happy about this announcement that they are replacing the live in-person animator with an Olaf animatronic. However, Disney has recorded some famous legendary Disney animators that are going to actually sort of chime in some pre-recorded videos and help Olaf along instructing guests on how to draw these characters, which will be a cool touch. So, that's what we're going to have to enjoy inside the Magic of Disney animation. the building here. You can see the exterior facade. The new exterior is going to be inspired by the still functional Disney feature animation building you have out in California with the sorcerer and Mickey hat over the entrance as well as sort of the lettering, the silver sort of style they do there. And there's also going to be something replacing the archway here that is right on the other side of this wall. The construction workers working on the other side. This can probably hear me. You can see in the aerials from bio reconstruct there is a new sign coming in that is going to welcome you to the Walt Disney Studios lot and it is going to be modeled directly after the signage that you have entering the studios lot out in California. So this is very California inspired. It's really trying to put the Hollywood back in Hollywood studios with this sort of style here. I really like these colors. These are the Chem Weber colors. the designer that Walt Disney worked with when he was building his giant feature animation lot. That is going to be such an improvement for the animation courtyard, which previously was like the Death Star theme and then like this blue color going on. And interesting is you probably remember with the animation courtyard, it was sort of just this concrete expanse. There was really not a whole lot going on with it. It was hot. There really wasn't a whole lot to see in the middle area. There is a lot of underutilized space as Walt Disney World President Jeff Volley would say. Well, Disney is fixing that. And if you look at the aerials, they are putting the park back in theme park with this new planter area that you have in the middle of the animation courtyard or you will soon where families will be able to park their strollers and actually sit down in the grass in a treed space and enjoy the area outside the front of the Magic of Disney animation building. And then across from the park and the feature animation building over here, you are going to have an updated Disney Junior experience. It is going to be a new show. It is going to be the Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live interactive party. This is actually not really new. It's something that already exists out at Disney California Adventure. It is now coming here to Walt Disney World. So, there's still going to be a Disney Junior thing here for kids, a little show nearby, and then of course we're going to have the meet and greets and everything to check out the exhibits inside of the Magic of Disney animation building. Then you're going to have this little park area. It's definitely more geared towards families with young children, but I feel like we need more of that here at the park. So, I'm excited to see that. I think that's something that families are going to really appreciate. Over here, guys, right outside of Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway, they are doing a meet and greet with the Mary Poppins characters. Look at this. Disney's been doing a lot more of these spontaneous meet and greets and characters just walking around character encounters, which is really, really cool. I really like that Disney's bringing more of that back. Over here in Toy Story Land, since last time I was here at Disney's Hollywood Studios, a brand new stand has opened. We have the new popcorn stand, the new quick service stand that you have, the snack stand here in Toy Story Land, themed like a thing of popcorn, whatever you call that, a container of popcorn. What is that called? But it's really, really cool. the detail. I really just like Toy Story Land because of all the little detail they do. I guess the big detail you can see there's the toothpicks in the container of popcorn creating sort of the overhang for the order window. And if you look at the menu, the big thing here is there are Pizza Planet spring rolls. These are pizza flavored spring rolls. So, you might want to check that out if you're looking for a snack next time you're over here in Toy Story Land. The only critique I'd have here is Andy, what's going on? Are you a kid or an adult in this universe in the story of Toy Story Land? I thought this was supposed to be a playet in your backyard and you're selling Jack Daniels whiskey with Coke. What is going on? So guys, we're here between Toy Story Land and Galaxy's Edge. And the other new thing right across from this in the same area across from the popcorn stand that you have in Toy Story Land is this seating area. This new seating area at the entrance to Galaxy's Edge if you're going from the Toy Story Land direction. It's just this little seating area. Not a whole lot to note here. It is interesting though. You can get your Pizza Planet spring rolls and take them across to the seating area that you have here in Galaxy's Edge. Very interesting how the themes come together here. Heading into Star Wars Galaxy's Edge here at Disney's Hollywood Studios, you'll notice there's not a whole lot going on soundwise. It's supposed to be like you're really in the place. You hear idling engines, ships going overhead, things like that every once in a while, but it doesn't feel quite like the movies do with all the John Williams music blasting throughout much of it. Well, the reason I bring this up is because it was recently announced that out at Disneyland's Star Wars Galaxy's Edge, beginning April 29th, they are going to be shifting, they're going to be expanding the timeline in the land. What does this mean? Well, they're going to be turning back the clock a little bit where soon you are going to be able to find Darth Vader, Luke, Han, and Leia here in Star Wars Galaxy's Edge or in their Galaxy's Edge out in Disneyland. And the other big change coming to Disneyland's Galaxy's Edge is they are going to start playing John Williams music throughout. It'll be audible throughout much of the land, that classic Star Wars music, which is really, really, really going to make it sound a lot more like Star Wars, obviously. So very very exciting for them out there in Disneyland. But Disney, when are we getting this? Walt Disney World, no announcement like this at all. So for now, ours is remaining strictly in the sequel timeline, but hopefully we will at least get the updated score. That would be awesome. Make it feel more Star Warsy over here. And also hopefully we get Luke Han, Leia, and Darth Vader, of course. That would be awesome. Now, let's get to the change that is coming to our Galaxy's Edge. Beginning May 22nd here at Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run, there is going to be a new name here at the attraction. It is going to be Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run, a new mission. They're making the attraction name even longer. Why are they doing that? Well, as the name suggests, there is going to be a new mission for the crews that head on board the Millennium Falcon here as Mandalorian and Grou are going to be joining you during the adventure. And very, very cool. This was promised since the beginning with this attraction. Soon, guests are going to be able to choose where they go in the Star Wars universe and venture to other areas to new worlds, which is going to be really, really awesome. Familiar worlds, but ones that we haven't done on this attraction previously. Among those, you're going to be able to choose to go to Bestpin, the wreckage of the second Death Star. You're going to be able to go around Endor, or Coruscant, or some combination of those during the adventure. Also notably, I believe this is just a rumor, but allegedly Josh Dearo, he has been asking for the engineers that are on the crew to have a better role, more of a role, more involvement, a more fun role during the adventure because, you know, they just sit in those back seats and don't do a whole lot versus the gunners and especially the pilots up front. So, that is something else we can hopefully expect here with this attraction is an enhanced role for the engineers. Maybe they're the ones that'll be picking where you go in the Star Wars universe during the attraction. Whatever the case may be, May 22nd, we have a new mission here at the Millennium Falcon, which is going to be awesome. That's at our version of the attraction. And then at Disneyland, they're getting this as well as John Williams music throughout the land and an expanded timeline. Hopefully, we get those latter two sooner rather than later. I think that would be awesome. I think we will, but nothing announced to that effect just yet. So, be sure to check out the Millennium Falcon Smuggler Run attraction later this year when the new mission lands May 22nd. All right, guys. We are headed over to Monstropolis, the future Monstropolis. Hey, there's Goofy. Oh, wow. It's loud over here, guys. They are doing a lot of construction work. So, everybody, we have made it to the former Muppets Courtyard that is very sadly closed. And now it is in the process of becoming Monstropolis. And this is the only thing that we are looking at today that isn't opening this year. It still is a ways to go. It will not be opening in 2026. However, if we take to the air, we can take a look at the current progress. And you can see backstage in the cast member parking as we saw a little bit of at the beginning of this video. There is this massive foundation going in for the suspended coaster, the Monsters Inc. door factory coaster, the e ticket attraction that you are going to have here in this land. Now, some engineers that follow Mickey views have been telling me what's going on with this foundation is it's a sandwich slab. I don't know if they're trolling me or something. I can't find much online about it, but essentially they're doing a completely different foundation method here versus the last round of coasters that we got at Walt Disney World. If you recall with Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind and the Tron Coaster, what they did is they put in all of the rebar and the conduit and the roll cages, I believe they're called, the thing that the coaster columns mount on. They put all that in and then did these giant pores all at once to solidify the foundation. And of course, it's very challenging cuz you can't really redo it, right? If there's any problems, it is what it is. It's all set in stone, literally. Notably here with this attraction, they are doing a completely different strategy where what they first did is they leveled out the area. They graded the land and then they put down a first layer of concrete with nothing in it by the looks of it. And then they packed sand on top of that layer. Then they put conduit into that. And now they're doing rebar, more conduit, more of the utility stuff on top of that. And they are pouring another layer of concrete. So here at Monropolis, it looks like Disney is trying a whole new method. And that e ticket is going behind Muppets's Courtyard, past where Muppets Courtyard previously ended. Looking inside of the former Muppets Courtyard, which is going to become Monsters, Inc. themed and feature it looks like a sushi restaurant, some other shopping and dining, a nice wide openen middle area. They got rid of that gift shop building that was in the middle of the Muppets. So now it's sort of like it's a similar courtyard to what Disney is doing over at the Walt Disney Studio lot we looked at earlier where there's sort of going to be this nice area where you can relax, buy some food and beverage, hang out in the middle there. You can see in the aerials there's not a ton of visible progress from the outside except when it comes to the former Muppet Vision 3D theater which is becoming the Glob Theater as we know from the concept art where they are doing some big facade changes. So right now even during guest hours they are doing some demolition on the facade of the former Muppet Vision 3D. What they've been doing is they've been removing some of the brick and those are actually brick tiles which I didn't know originally. They are brick tiles that are on a water barrier. They are taking some of those off and you're starting to already see sort of the shape of the facade updates that we're getting here, the new parts of the facade that they are going to add to that building to upgrade it to the Glob Theater, which might be a Shakespeare reference. Uh, it sounds like this is going to be a Mike Wazowski attraction based on the art, based on the sound of it here. And I think that doing extra facade work on the Muppet Vision 3D Theater is an attempt by Imagineering and by Josh Demar to show, hey, we're doing something serious here. We are actually changing the land. Monstropolis isn't just made up of holdovers from Muppet Courtyard. It is also its own thing, its own original thing, a new thing entirely. So, that's a look at what's going on currently in Monstropolis. I'm really excited to see that coaster and all the new facade work and all that come together and for us to get more details on what's coming to Monstropolis, which we don't have an opening date just yet for. It is speculated 2027, 2028, but Disney is definitely going full speed over there. As are they over at Disney's Animal Kingdom on Tropical Americas. I feel like these two projects in particular as well as the Walt Disney Studio lot. They are really trying to get these done in a decent amount of time, not too much time like we saw with Tron famously and you know, Guardians that seem like they took forever. Over here at Star Tours, we have the stage that used to host the Jedi Training Academy. This is an experience that closed in 2020 and it has still not reopened. And I was looking over here and I was just remembering all the really funny stuff that happened, all the viral clips from the old days on YouTube that took place right over here. And it's just crazy to me that Disney has not brought that back. You would think in the era of YouTube shorts, Instagram reels, Tik Toks, all this short form video. Can you imagine how many viral clips there would have been by now over the past 5 years of Jedi Training Academy shows, multiple every single day. Just imagine how many vacations that would have sold, would have driven to Walt Disney World, to this park, to Galaxy's Edge, where Disney would have made even more money. I really feel like we still have this issue with Disney where when the accountants and the park managers, they don't see a direct return on investment on something. Like, you're not paying for the Jedi Training Academy. You know, it's not worth paying the live entertainment. It's not worth paying for. And that's just simply a very one-dimensional way to look at it. There are second order consequences to these experiences. Sure, it might be costing you money to run the Jedi Training Academy all day every day, but you are getting an immeasurable return on that. And a real return, I guarantee you, in terms of people seeing clips of it online and planning vacations, not to mention the people that see the Jedi Training Academy or kids that get to experience, they will remember that the rest of their lives. And you create return guests. I really think that's an experience that should come back. So, that's what's going on at Disney's Hollywood Studios today. It looks like it might be about to rain. It's so crazy how we went from blue skies to cloudy to now it looks like it's going to be raining the rest of the day. Oh boy. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to subscribe with those notifications on to stay on top of all the latest Disney news. Also, if you enjoyed this video and you want to support us, be sure to check us out over on patreon.com/mickey views. Thank you all so much for all the support. Live from a rainy Disney's Hollywood Studios, this is Braden. Thank you so much for watching. Have a magical day.
