---
video_id: _buU9p6vhGk
channel: MickeyViews
title: "Tropical Americas GOING VERTICAL at Disneys Animal Kingdom! - Disney News"
published: 2026-01-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_buU9p6vhGk
---
Coming up, we take a look at the latest development at the site of the upcoming Tropical America's Land at Disney's Animal Kingdom as the Encanto attraction goes vertical and Disney makes preparations to close one of the last bastions of the soontobe former Dino Land USA. All that and more on the way. This is Mickey V's News. All who come to this happy place, welcome. Now I'm the king of the swingers, the jungle VIP. I reached the top and had to stop and that's what's bothering me. Taking a look at Disney's Animal Kingdom right now, construction activity is at the largest scale the park has seen this decade. And that work is currently taking place in the partially closed Doland USA area. Disney's closed sections of the land throughout the year. And in its place, we are receiving a new Tropical America's themed land set to open in 2027. The big question is why? Why is Disney doing this? Well, a big part of the why boils down to one feature of Dinoand USA in particular, Chester and Hester's Dinoama. When Disney's Animal Kingdom first opened, Dino Land featured the critically acclaimed Countdown to Extinction attraction soon after renamed to promote Disney's 2000 animated film Dinosaur. You also had the Boneyard play area, a short-lived Jungle Book musical, which became a Tarzan musical after that. Then Finding Nemo the musical and today it is the Finding Nemo the Big Blue and Beyond musical but right in the middle of Dino Land when it opened was a tent, a placeholder walkthrough attraction next to Chester and Hester's Dinosaur Treasure Shop, the gift shop there where next to that there was a tent where the Dino Institute's student interns would take you on guided tours of some of the institutees fossils and skeleton reconstructions of various dinos. Now, when Disney's Animal Kingdom opened, it immediately faced capacity problems. And an issue that still sounds quite familiar, not enough attractions. Thanks to this, that placeholder tent in Doland didn't last for long, closing 2 years after opening. Originally, Dino Land was supposed to get the excavator attraction in this area, a wooden roller coaster that would have been themed after the Boneyard area, as the name suggests. But due to a combination of tight park budgets at the time, due to all the expense with the live animal care combined with corporate clamping down on capital expenditure at the corporate level, Imagineering was forced to do something with this area, this tent area, but with very little budget. Despite the budget issues, the urgency to add attractions to this park gave birth to Dinoama. Dinoama opened in phases with the Triceratops Spin Attraction opening first, then the Fossil Fun Games Carnival area and lastly a Wild Mouse coaster, Primeval World. This area was always one of the funniest to me at Walt Disney World because it looks like I want to say something sort of like Six Flags, but I think that's an insult to Six Flags. It really looks like a carnival that would visit your town. That's the sort of quality that you see in that area. And knowing that guests would make this observation, Disney said, "No, no, no. That's the theme. That's the story. We made this parking lot area on purpose." Which I have to say, there is something endearing about the fact that Imagineering worked so hard to put a theme and story together, which fit together with what was at its core just a low-budget product. They didn't have a whole lot of money to work with. They really tried their best despite that, but the guests definitely noticed the quality issues with this area. Over time, Disney's Animal Kingdom got some higher caliber pluses, most notably Expedition Everest in 2006 and Pandora: The World of Avatar in 2017. The can could only be kicked down the road so much at Chester and Hesters, however, because something wasn't right with Primeval Whirl. It entered seasonal operation during the summer crowds in 2019, and then it went down at the start of 2020 and never reopened. And in late 2021, the attraction was scrapped. So you got rid of the main draw of Dinoama. Now it's this emptied, walled off lot. Now this area definitely passes the label of underutilized area. Disney's got to do something here. Then we entered the dark ages, the first half of this decade, where the executives hemmed and haw, you know, maybe we'll do something, maybe we'll do this, maybe we'll do that. We have all these ideas. something wasn't right on the money end, the capital expenditure end. Obviously, Disney was focused on other aspects of the business, whether that was paying down the debt from the Fox acquisition, or focusing everything they had at building this tech product, Disney Plus. Whatever the case, that's now behind us, we are now seeing lots of capex come into Walt Disney World. So, that's half of the why behind Tropical Americas, simply that the Doland area needs to be reimagined. It just has to be. But the other big motivating factor reveals itself if you take a look at the latest attendance data released by the themed entertainment association. If you take a look at Walt Disney World's parks, they're performing well relative to the competition, at least as recently as last year. We'll see how Epic Universe shakes things up starting with next year's report. But an interesting metric we've been following is how Walt Disney World's parks are performing versus the Orlando theme park industry's peak back in 2019. And if you take a look at those figures we put together here, 2019 attendance at Walt Disney World versus 2024, the most recent year we have estimated attendance totals for, you'll find Epcot is performing the best in terms of recovering post2020 shutdown. Disney's Hollywood Studios is down 10% in attendance compared to 2019, but that was a very unique year back in 2019 for Disney's Hollywood Studios with Galaxy's Edge opening and all. Magic Kingdom is about 15% emptier versus 2019, which is pretty wild. But out wilding all of them, any of the area parks in Florida in the Florida area is the performance of Disney's Animal Kingdom versus 2019. Comparing 2024 attendance to 2019 attendance, it is down 36.6% in estimated attendance totals. And if we go back to the last time we ran these numbers using the 2023 data, the previous data, Disney's Animal Kingdom only improved by.3% 2023 to 2024. All of this is to say you can see why Disney's capital expenditure that is going towards Walt Disney World is not going towards Epcot versus the extent that we are seeing at the Magic Kingdom and in particular Disney's Animal Kingdom. Left to its own devices, Disney's Animal Kingdom has no shot at reaching new attendance highs, new levels of success in that metric. Given year-over-year, it is growing in attendance by.3% and it is 36% in the whole. This makes it the prime candidate to receive some major new draws, some major new investment that'll make farway visitors and local alike deem it worthy of making a trip back to Disney's Animal Kingdom in particular, which by the way is a beautiful park, but it definitely needs some new attractions, some new rides, some more things to do. It needs new areas, all of that. So that is the other half of the why behind why Disney is finally motivated to do something about Dinoland USA. Delving into the details we have on this new land. We have a ton to go off of. Not only the latest aerials, the art Disney provided last year, we now also have permit drawings and Disney has the beautiful scale model on display for park guests over at Disney's Hollywood Studios inside Walt Disney Presents, which really helps us put together all the pieces here. The year kicked off with Chester and Hester's Dinoama finally closing for good. Triceratops Spin, the Fossil Fun Carnival area, and the Dino Treasure Shop were all walled off with the walls displaying the art for the upcoming land. I suspect the reason that this part of Dino Land closed so early is because it was already pretty sparse in terms of attractions with Primeval World having closed years and years ago, and they had a lot to do in Dinoama because it was one of the only parts of the land that was actually getting demolished. That's because this land is in large part a reimagining of existing infrastructure. The dinosaur attraction, for example, is getting rethemed to Indiana Jones. And the quicks service restaurant, Restronosaurus, is getting rethemed as well. Even the dinosaur treasures gift shop across from Dinoama, now behind the walls, is sticking around, receiving a new theme, a new interior, a new exterior, but it is still the same building, the same basic infrastructure. But in the case of Dinoama, that area was completely out for the count with the groundbreaking on the new land taking place in that first area of the land to close. Over the spring, we saw Triceratops spin dismantled, infrastructure demolished, including Cementtosaurus. We'll remember you, buddy. Overlaying the permit drawings for Tropical Americas over the existing land. You'll notice that the brand new Encontto will be occupying where Primeval Whirl previously stood with most of the large show building actually residing in the former backstage area behind it. So the area where you had Primeval Whirl, that's going to be the queue and the facade area, sort of the themed area that you see looking towards the Encanto attraction. And then the attraction itself is going to be utilizing what was previously backstage. So the Encanto attraction truly is an expansion for Disney's Animal Kingdom. And because of this new configuration, crews had to remove that tall burm behind Primeval World, which previously obscured the backstage area behind Primeval World from guests inside of Dino Land. Following the demolition of the carnival area and the clearing of the backstage space in the spring, crews got to work reconfiguring the burm this summer, adding new retaining wall off to the left and removing the previous retaining wall and that mound of dirt that you had, which previously marked off the back of the land. Then in September, the boneyard play area closed, which my brother and I really enjoyed on our first trip way, way back in the day. That was a fun spot. Demolition commenced on the boneyard with everything in the area removed with the exception of the cast member break area which will be retained behind the boneyard area for the new land. Back to the permits, you can see the Boneyard area is set to become the location of the land's new carousel attraction, featuring handcarved Disney characters created by the village elder in the backstory for this new land. Meanwhile, throughout the fall, more and more equipment arrived at the site of the future Encanto attraction, and Disney got to work on the foundations for the new ride building. This brings us up to date where now we can take a look at the latest progress on the attraction in these new aerials from Bio Reconstruct. These latest views where you can see the ride building is going vertical with concrete support columns and some steel. And there's also that very nice surfaced concrete slab on the back of the future show building, which we believe will be the maintenance area for the attraction. Looking at this building coming together here would be a good time to mention what this attraction actually is. Looking at the interior art and based on statements Disney's made thus far, we know this ride will take guests through the casita from the Encanto film where Antonio has received his special gift, the ability to communicate with animals. His room has transformed into a rainforest and you run into members of the family throughout the adventure. That's great, Disney, but what is this ride? Is it an omni mover? Is it a boat ride? I was telling you guys years and years before the plans were finalized that Disney was considering doing a boat ride in this area, Allah Shanghai's Pirates attraction. At one point, I believe Disney was considering doing a liveaction Jungle Book theme for the attraction that was going to go in this space with that story fitting particularly well with the theme of the park. That movie being about the relationship between man and animals. And I think earlier on in development, the Encanto attraction was going to be a boat ride as well. But if that concrete slab we see is the maintenance bay, it doesn't look like a water-based vehicle holding area to me. This looks like the area where you'd work on an omnimover or trackless ride system. So, at this point, I am leaning towards this being an omni mover attraction. But we will wait for more specifics from Disney on that. But judging by the visible progress that we are seeing here, we should be able to see over the coming months from the aerials alone what we will be working with here in terms of the layout for the attraction, the scenes and the ride system for it. Moving to the right side of the land where you have Restronosaurus and Dinosaur, those features of Dino Land USA are still open as we speak despite all of this work happening next door. But it won't be that way for long as Disney has announced Dinosaur and Restronosaurus will both have their final day of operation on February 1st, 2026 with walls going up February 2nd. And then Disney will get to work on the rest of what is visible in the permits for this new land. As I mentioned, the shops and the counter service, they are being rethemed. The structures themselves are going to be staying, but they'll be receiving updated facades and interiors. And that is also the case with Dinosaur becoming an all-new Indiana Jones dark ride, which my sources have been telling me bits about in dribbs and drabs all year. It is going to feature some awesome animatronics of Indiana Jones himself, I have heard, as well as some creatures that he encounters during this allnew Mayan themed adventure. And I believe there's going to be some sort of creature that is a giant animatronic that will hopefully not become a disco yeti situation. There's also the new water feature, the fountain in the middle of this land. And that leaves us with one more attraction in the land to talk about, and that is that there will be a new play area in the tree area between the gift shops and dinosaur where you currently have that little trail that they sometimes use for meet and greets and things like that. You can spot the new layout for that area in the permits. They're changing that up quite a bit. And this is where that scale model that is on display in Disney's Hollywood Studios really helps us out. Blog Mickey went over there and zoomed in on that area in the model. And you can make out some guests, some pathway, and some seating in that new play area Disney is adding on your way back to Dinosaur, soon to be the Indiana Jones attraction. So that's the latest on the development of Tropical Americas coming 2027 to Disney's Animal Kingdom at Walt Disney World. If you can make it over to Dinosaur and Restronosaurus one last time before it's too late, there's a lot of cool Easter eggs and a lot of cool stuff to check out there. You have until February 1st with those final bits of Dino Land USA closing permanently on February 2nd, 2026. But neither are being demolished. They are just being rethemed. So, it'll be very interesting to see how work unfolds in Dino Land, which we will continue covering right here. So, be sure that you are subscribed with those notifications on so you don't miss out on future developments happening here and everywhere else on Walt Disney World property as Disney enters this new wave of capital expenditure at the resort. If you enjoyed this video, you can find out how to support us over at mickeys.com/support. Shout out to our patrons over on Patreon for helping make these videos possible. perks for members of the Patreon at the various levels include everything from full resolution photo wallpapers. Your names in the credits of our videos and at any donation level, you'll sometimes get early access to videos when I'm wrapping up work on special reports. By the way, there's also now an annual option on the Patreon. So, if any of that sounds interesting to you, be sure to check out the Patreon page. Thank you all so much for watching. I hope you had a great Christmas. For the Mickey Muse Magic Studio, this is Braden. Have a magical day.
